Join or renew your EFF membership with us at and get new gear!  
Visit us at this weekend! We're on the west side of Zone 2 by the FAA.  
Zendesk needs to be more Zen about enforcing trademarks.: 
"Pakistan's senators are hearing your complaints about the PECB, the country's terrible cybercrime bill: 
Stop California from outlawing drone combat sports. Tell your legislator to vote no on S.B. 868 and A.B. 1820. 
We can't keep waiting for patent reform to become politically convenient. 
Help us stop California from taking public records out of the public domain.  
The files Manning appeal on hacking conviction. That law could send you to jail, too. 
Ask to stand up for comprehensive patent reform. 
An open letter to we'll stand with you in support of patent reform. 
Thanks to and for helping out at EFF's booth!  
"The 1st Amendment protects everyone's editorial decisions, including Facebook's. Hands off our speech, 
"Really, USITC? You couldn't find even a single negative comment from stakeholders about copyright in the TPP? Don't let California lock down public access to government works  
""We ensure the platforms you turn into free speech spaces have support rather than having to fight the law."" Thank you, EFF! "Senator explains why Congress must stop a ""massive expansion of government hacking and surveillance"" 
Is it time to renew your EFF membership? Stop by our expo table to see the specials!  
"Great news: Senators introduce bill to stop the Rule 41 update. Thanks and others! 
We've added Brea's LPR policy and Sacramento's cell-site simulator policy to our California surveillance index. 
"U.S. International Trade Commission report on the TPP is a whitewash, touting tiny gains while ignoring the costs: 
Californians: tell your legislators to keep public records in the public domain!  
"Zuckerberg meet-up with conservatives shows how free speech works, says EFF's on 
"Facebook has a 1st Amendment right to make editorial decisions. But it has a responsibility to be transparent, too. 
A small victory for transparency in patent cases: court orders parties to justify sealing documents. 
Requiring bloggers to be registered could give the Malaysian government a complete stranglehold on online speech: 
"Why people are worried about Elsevier and SSRN: ""It's like if Monsanto bought out your favorite organic farm co-op."" 
"Malaysia is keeping its latest anti-blogger amendments secret, hoping to slip them into law without public review: 
We're in the back corner of the expo hall this week! Stop by and say hello. 
Nominations close *tonight* for the 2016 Pioneer Awards.  Nominate your digital rights hero now: 
"EFF's practicing for the day he must defend your privacy in VR! Thanks for the demo, """Hemisphere"" goes to court! EFF will argue for records of DEA/AT&T's secret phone database program in SF on Thurs. 
Prosecutors who don't understand technology should stay out of the encryption debate. 
Congrats to BuzzFeed on going  thanks for the nice statement explaining why it matters. 
"District Attorney who handed out insecure ""Internet Safety"" software to parents is now lobbying against encryption 
We've waited long enough for an open access law. Tell Congress to move FASTR. 
Minnesota EFFers: your lawmakers are intent on speeding the dangerous PRINCE Act through. Speak up now. 
Let's work together to thank those who fight for online freedom: nominate a Pioneer Award winner today 
"Nominations for EFF's 25th Pioneer Awards will close this Tuesday, May 17. Let us know who you think should win: 
"At WIPO: Yes, many artists are struggling. But what's the best solution, enabling innovation or cracking down on it? 
"As digital issues are discussed at WIPO, shares her ideas on copyright and blockchain with EFF: 
Have you reminded your friends to nominate their favorite digital luminary for a 2016 Pioneer Award? 
We're headed to Austin for next week! You can pick up a free expo hall pass to come say hello: 
"If we were Google, we'd be livid Philly cops disguised an LPR van as a Streetview car. Heck, we're outraged anyway. 
IT'S A BOT! EFF's newest family member is a bouncing baby Internet-encrypting machine named Certbot. 
"Did you miss our WIPO side event with recording artist No problem, we recorded it! Catch up at: 
"Meet Certbot, EFF's new client to help you get Let's Encrypt certificates and set up  for your website. 
"""If you collect the data, they will come."" Watch EFF's discuss threats to privacy at Disrupt 
"What do Ladyada, Amy Goodman, and Bruce Schneier have in common? Pioneer Awards! Nominate this year's winners today: 
Let's tell Congress: quit putting off patent reform. 
Interested in VPNs? Read our guide to choosing the right service for you. 
We honor the memory of Michael Ratner by reaffirming our commitment to defending civil liberties: 
"Read profile of EFF's  which gathers data on social media takedowns 
"Big lesson in Oracle v. Google: the right of fair use is vital, but shouldn't be the only outlet for free speech. 
Uganda's Internet is blocked (again). Join us in urging to 
Creating a new way to censor free speech is no way to honor a great musician. 
We need more Firefoxes. 
Martes 17/05 de 5 a 7 pm. 
Intercambio de notas sobre *malware: ataques sofisticados*  con y :) 
"Tune in to EFF's side event at WIPO to hear musician talk about blockchain, music, and copyright 
Now is your chance to nominate your favorite digital rights hero for a 2016 Pioneer Award: Twitter removed some of our tweets via DMCA by request of the Communications Ministry of Ecuador. 
"Invocando la ley DMCA, gobierno de Ecuador censura a 
"We remember Michael Ratner, a hero to the civil liberties movement. 
My op-ed on publicity rights bill in the local paper: ""Hasty action on a PRINCE Act would be pure folly"" 
"No matter who wins in Oracle v. Google, the public has already lost something important. 
Law enforcement shouldn't access email without a warrant "In the fight to break up the TV set-top box monopoly, companies pretend it's a question of copyright—not control. 
YouTube's copyright robots help Sony shake down bluegrass society. Don't let Congress require those bots everywhere. 
"A decade ago today, USA Today dropped this bombshell about the NSA collecting call records of millions of Americans 
"While Capt. America and Iron Man fight, is the real hero
protecting your privacy. 
Tomorrow in Geneva EFF is hosting a side event at WIPO featuring GRAMMY winner Join us online! 
"Minnesota friends, your lawmakers are going crazy, pushing new celebrity censorship bill. Act now to stop it! Law students: want to defend digital rights and get credit for doing it? Apply for a fall internship 
There are about 15 minutes left to support EFF in the record-breaking bundle featuring hacking ebooks: 
Listen to EFF's discuss the dangers of DRM on the O'Reilly Hardware Podcast 
"NSA still playing word games: ""targeted"" surveillance includes millions of non-suspect communications. 
"Whose work helped advance digital freedom, privacy, access, innovation? Nominate them for a 2016 Pioneer Award: 
2/3 of experts agree: judges should not be able to issue search warrants for computers outside their jurisdictions. 
"""Chain link fence"" suggestions about how to scale back NSA surveillance: 
The nomination window is now open for the 2016 Pioneer Awards! Nominate your digital rights hero today: 
"Join EFF and the at the Decentralized Web Summit, June 8 in San Francisco:  
How many Americans are swept up in the NSA's Internet spying? The Senate Judiciary Committee would like to know: 
".Has now issued over 3 million  certificates, bringing us even closer to our goal of encrypting the entire web."
Watch EFF's explain how  reveals your browser fingerprints at USENIX 
Make sure your browser visits secure versions of websites by default with EFF's add-on 
"Signal developer explains why everyone deserves strong encryption, no matter what the FBI claims. 
We're watching the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Internet surveillance. Live now: 
The IP bill gives Britain the kind of spying powers dictators kill for. You can stop it: 
"Australian government report recommends changes to reduce stupid patents, introduce fair use, and promote VPN use: 
Experts oppose an expansion of Rule 41 that would create new avenues for the government to hack your computer. 
Wired profiles EFF technology fellow work on ad-blocking software 
Watch EFF's tackle the privacy risks of the Internet of Things in a panel at 
Australian report: Toughening copyright and patent laws at the behest of the U.S. doesn't serve Aussies' interests: 
"The real ""going dark"" problem isn't crypto. It's the government's use of gag orders, sealed dockets, and secret law. 
You shouldn't have to give up your constitutional rights in order to get on the Internet. 
Facebook disabled 53 U.S prisoner and 74 U.K. prisoner accounts at government's request in 2015 
"Recording Academy says ""lock us in a room"" to rewrite the copyright law. We say that room must be open to all. 
"Secrecy in the judicial process has ""risen to literally unprecedented levels,"" according to Judge Stephen Wm. Smith 
"Fighting patent trolls, curbing NSA surveillance, and encrypting the Web. 2015 was a big year for EFF. 
Are you using social media to raise attention for an inmate's case? Let us know if you receive a takedown notice. 
The end of trade as we know it? Hear EFF's at on the future of digital issues in trade: 
DRM shouldn't take away rights copyright was never intended to restrict. 
You shouldn't have to waive your rights just to get online. 
Help us tally takedowns of inmate social media accounts. Report prison censorship to  You can choose to support the and defend your digital rights with our HACKING Humble Bundle 
"When the government comes knocking, which companies will have your back? We examined Uber, Lyft, Airbnb; others: 
We can't keep waiting while patent trolls take advantage of unfair procedural rules. Pass the VENUE Act now. 
Meet the judge who hears a quarter of the nation's patent cases. 
"How safe is your data in the gig economy?  EFF's 'Who Has Your Back' report takes on Uber, Airbnb, and more 
Let's tell Congress: quit putting off patent reform. Pass the VENUE Act. 
Our Stupid Patent of the Month award goes to a company that's been suing VoIP providers over speech recognition. 
"As soon as one smart cow figures out how to open the latch, it doesn't matter how high the fence is. 
Pwning Tomorrow is EFF's first fiction anthology about the future of digital freedom. Download it for free today: 
Wondering what biometric technology means for your privacy? Check out our Street Level Surveillance guide. 
"""If we didn't have safe harbors, we wouldn't have YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Etsy or eBay,"" - EFF's 
You shouldn't have to give up your constitutional rights in order to get on the Internet. 
"Breaking: Brazil approved the report, but the fight continues as it heads to the Lower Chamber 
You can support EFF and get DRM-free ebooks about hacking in the Humble Book Bundle featuring 
Tell your senators to stand up for consumers' rights and fight forced arbitration. 
The problems with DRM go so much deeper than limiting what you can do with your movies and music.  "Brazil is about to vote on its dangerous proposals.  Brazilians, take action now: Help us envision by extending our timeline into the future.  "Here are 8 tips to help LGBTQ youth safely access resources, navigate social networks, and avoid snoopers. 
"Read what was missing from yesterday's leak of TTIP, the Europe-US trade agreement, and find out why: Want to in Brazil? Tell lawmakers there to reject  
"If passes, WhatsApp blockade in Brazil could be taste of more censorship to come:  
"Google's fight against Mississippi's abusive use of investigatory power continues after state AG withdraws subpoena:
The Federal Circuit refuses to fix the venue problem in patent litigation. It's up to us. Write your senators now. 
Our new report shows how some Arab world counterterrorism laws are really just licenses to censor the Internet. 
"Voicemail-to-text is nothing new, but that didn't stop the Patent Office from issuing a patent for it. 
Hundreds attend EFA launch events in 9 cities across the U.S. this month: 
Voicemail-to-text services have been around since at least 2001. Why was a patent for them issued in 2006? 
"Learn about Rule 41, the scary new route the government could use to hack your computer
Captured U.S. trade agency resorts to bullying again in 2016 Special 301 Report: 
Disappointing ruling means patent trolls will continue to flock to the Eastern District of Texas 
"Tell Brazilian lawmakers: copyright law should benefit all, not just Hollywood.  
Our new report shows how some Arab world counterterrorism laws are really just rubber stamps for online censorship. 
A battery of dangerous cybercrime proposals still hang over Brazil:  The Commerce Department is trying to improve coordinated vulnerability disclosure. Security researchers can weigh in 
U.S. Special 301 Report complains about media boxes and social networking sites because they can be used for piracy: 
First post-USA FREEDOM FISA court ruling shows surveillance reforms still have a long way to go: 
"EFF is proud to present The Crime of Speech, study of laws restricting free speech in the Arab world. 
Our friends and are collaborating on a pay-what-you-want bundle of stellar ebooks about hacking: 
Patent trolls don't just demand money. They can even block products from entering the U.S. 
.sent this letter to the Egyptian government in support of human (and digital) rights advocates  "Wired's Hacker Lexicon word of the day is  defined with help from EFF's Peter Eckersley 
BREAKING: House passes Email Privacy Act by unanimous vote. A big step forward for digital privacy. 
The hacker edition of the Humble Book Bundle is live! Get some amazing ebooks published by, support EFF: 
House begins debate on Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699). Watch live now: 
"Video update from on the dangerous Brazilian bill, headed to vote in Congress now. 
Tell Congress: no new chokepoints for free speech in videos. Reject the Beijing Treaty copyright changes. 
Has your social media account been suspended? Submit your report to 
"Brazil's wants to block apps, get warrantless access to IP addresses: Say no:  APR28 in defending civil liberties in a digital world! Guest Come!  
Filmmakers and journalists would face new speech restrictions if this dangerous new copyright proposal went through. 
Brazilian cybercrime bills threaten open Internet for 200 million people:  via Does your browser configuration protect you from tracking? Find out with one click. My friends continue their tireless mission to educate our legal system how to properly deal with technology. 
"One day, we hope every website defaults to  Until then: 
An increasing number of African governments are blocking social media during elections: 
"House Judiciary chair says he will propose copyright reforms in areas of ""potential consensus"" in the coming weeks. 
"We've added the cities of Los Altos, Torrance, and Signal Hill to our index of CA license plate reader policies. 
The long arm of copyright: Millions can't read ""The Diary of Anne Frank""  
New report shows which Brazilian ISPs stand with their users:   
Pacemakers and Piracy: The Unintended Consequences of the DMCA for Medical Implants
EFF joins privacy coalition urging House to pass Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699) this week: 
"Predictive policing doesn't work and, worse, increases racial bias, EFF's writes:
Learn how you can help defend digital rights and challenge Internet surveillance and censorship: 
EFF and ACLU brief forces government to reveal warrantless Stingray tracking in Wisconsin criminal case 
"LinuxFest Northwest is bustling! We're in the expo hall all weekend; talking Let's Encrypt tomorrow at 12:30:
 Blocking apps? Brazil's cybercrime bills censor the Net, break net neutrality. Fight back:  
"EFF's newest staff technologist wields expertise in design, gaming, and worker co-ops: 
"Hey FCC, time to bury clunky, costly cable boxes and give consumers more choice, innovation for accessing pay TV:
Secret court signs off on FBI use of NSA spying data for general criminal investigations: 
Brazil seeks to block sites that don't comply with data requests:  
We're excited to be at Linuxfest Northwest this weekend!  Stop by the EFF table and chat about our work:  Let's Encrypt has now issued 2 million certificates! 
Secret court confirms use of NSA spying data for general criminal investigations: 
New Brazilian surveillance bills would be a big step back for privacy and freedom of expression. 
Breaking down a disappointing ruling on National Security Letters: 
Ruling unsealed: National Security Letters upheld as constitutional. But EFF's clients will fight on. 
The TPP isn't the only closed-door agreement to compromise users' rights. Meet the RCEP. A patent owner that sells you a product shouldn't sue you for using it. We hope the Supreme Court agrees. 
Brazilian online surveillance bills threaten digital rights and innovation. Take action  
"As if TPP wasn't enough, RCEP is another big, secretive trade agreement setting rules for the Internet in Asia: "We're watching the confirmation hearing for Dr. Carla Hayden,  nominee for Librarian of Congress. Tune in: 
Law enforcement reps told Congress today that platforms could effectively censor encryption apps if they were banned Court gives EFF permission to ask for filings to be unsealed. A small victory that we shouldn't have to fight for. 
EFF Senior Staff Attorney keynotes hacker conference this Saturday: 
"Is a secret U.S. court ordering tech companies to decrypt our messages? EFF sued the DOJ to find out:
Tell your senator to close the loophole patent trolls have been exploiting for years. 
"The VENUE Act won't stop patent trolls, but it will slow them down. 
The new report shows how users' voices are silenced on social media: 
New bill in Congress could set the default to open for government data. 
Experts blast report funded by copyright industry to scare Australia away from adopting fair use: 
Care about crypto? The House Energy, Commerce Cmte is holding a hearing on it right now. Watch live here: Cisco continues to avoid responsibility for human rights abuses in China. Its latest excuse: export rules. 
"It took a decade in the courts, but Google Books won a big victory for fair use today. 
"Last week, the House passed a bill that would undermine net neutrality. But the fight is not over. CC's in Stop concealing cancer's secrets in paywalled journals  
Hacking Team's illegal empire in Latin America: No bueno. House Passes Bill to Sabotage Net Neutrality  via "The House just passed HR 2666, the bill to undermine net neutrality. But the fight is far from over. 
Is U.S. government source code in the public domain? Sort of. 
Mexican Supreme Court should reject mass surveillance:  
HR 2666 goes way beyond its purported goal, limits FCC's ability to protect Our statement here: 
"White House supports breaking the TV set-top monopoly, ignoring Big Cable and Hollywood fearmongering 
Court watchers have been waiting months for an important decision the could shape the future of net neutrality House Republican Bill Undermines and Exposes Americans to Abuse from Cable and Phone Giants 
"Texas plans to punish inmates for social media accounts, even when the profiles are managed by a family member. 
Join and EFF's in St. Louis tomorrow to learn surveillance self-defense: 
Estamos con La SCJN debe proteger el derecho a la privacidad de los mexicanos 
There's still time! Tell your representative to stand up for net neutrality. 
Know about social media sites censoring content? Report it here. 
Worried about the government hacking encrypted devices? Here's an overview of their internal policies. 
Advocates for domestic violence victims say smartphone encryption is a vital tool that shouldn't be compromised. 
"In debate with EFF's a US Attorney said it's reasonable to ban open source crypto imports. We disagree. 
Save crypto! Help us destroy the Burr-Feinstein backdoor proposal. 
Documentos filtrados revelan la maquinaria para censurar internet en Ecuador. Exigimos respuesta: 
"We killed an anti-encryption bill in California, but there are still threats to security on the horizon. 
"When the law curbs innovation, it means that only the established players get to innovate. 
"We deserve to know when government accesses our digital life. Kudos to Microsoft suing over government gag orders:
There's still time to stop Congress from sabotaging net neutrality. 
"Microsoft sues DOJ over gag orders keeping tech
companies from telling users the government searched their data:
A new bill in Congress would keep patent trolls from interfering with imports. 
6th Circuit Court say Fourth Amendment doesn't protect 4 months of continuous cell phone location monitoring: 
Congress votes tomorrow. Tell lawmakers to stand up for net neutrality now. 
Leaked documents confirm Ecuador's Internet censorship machine: 
Still wondering if FBI has to tell Apple how they got into that phone? Read this FAQ 
Victory in California: we've defeated a bill attempting to undermine smartphone encryption. 
Matthew Keys was just sentenced to 24 months in prison under the CFAA. Here's what we said about the case before: 
"We think there's one only word for New York's proposed mobile phone 'textalyzer' bill: non-starter:
Keep the calls coming! Tell Congress not to sabotage net neutrality. 
If this dangerous anti-encryption legislation reaches the Senate floor, I will filibuster it. Period."
Europe's privacy regulators say the EU/US Privacy Shield fails to shield anyone from mass surveillance. 
"We'll fight the anti-encryption proposal in Congress and in the courts, if necessary: 
"We've added four more license plate reader policies to our index: Carlsbad, Coronado, Elk Grove, San Diego County 
Social media sites must resist Texas' new online censorship policy for inmates: 
"Whether H.R. 2666 is a well-intentioned failure or a direct attack on net neutrality, we need to stop it now. 
"Congress is about to vote on a bill that could undermine net neutrality, but we can stop it. 
"Good news: House Judiciary Committee votes 28-0 to advance The Email Privacy Act, as amended, to the full House. Thanks for following!"
.also supports advancing The Email Privacy Act
.laments deletion of notice by the government in The Email Privacy Act. We agree: 
".recognizes effort of Digital Due Process Coalition, of which EFF is a member"
.introduces his changes to The Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699)
.says that the House Judiciary Committee is committed to considering geolocation privacy and holding a hearing
.notes that The Email Privacy Act was the result of years of work
EFF and dozens of groups support the House Judiciary Committee advancing The Email Privacy Act: 
The House Judiciary Committee will consider a bill to protect your private online messages. Watch now: 
Breaking: Victory! The California bill to undermine smartphone encryption just died in committee. Thanks to everyone who spoke out.
Stop the Burr-Feinstein anti-encryption proposal: 
Youtube:  
Intel chief's call for agencies to reduce the amount of information that is classified could be a game changer: 
What's threat modeling? Glad you asked. Here are 5 questions to ask yourself to start protecting your data: 
"Let's Encrypt, the free and automated Certificate Authority, is out of beta:  
San Diego County Sheriff posts license plate reader policy after EFF reported it wasn't obeying a new state law: 
Organizations and tech companies across the country are calling on to reject the draft backdoor bill 
"Court lifts injunction blocking Mississippi AG from enforcing abusive Google subpoena. The ball's in his court now:
Uma carta aberta do aos legisladores brasileiros 
"Top U.S. intelligence official's call to fix broken
classification system is long overdue 
Here are 79 California license plate reader and cell-site simulator policies. But where are the other 90? YouTube Copyright Claim Strips Audio Out of Conference on Surveillance Overreach  via "From the archives: EFF's executive director Cindy Cohn presented the state of the ""Crypto Wars"" in 2014 
A new bill in Congress would prevent patent trolls from interfering with international trade. 
"Technological change has made news publishing more challenging, but new restrictions on linking are not the answer: 
"Federal court in PA narrows First Amendment right to record police, inviting unnecessary violence: 
"Over a year later, we're still trying to get patent court documents unsealed. That's not how it should work. 
Join EFF's in DC this Sunday to learn encryption tools for activists:  WhatsApp rolls out end-to-end encryption to its over one billion users. Our technical rundown: 
"EFF,  ACLU ask Illinois' top court to strike down unconstitutional sex offender law that impedes free speech rights:
"Links are not copyright infringement, says EU's top legal adviser. Important development in an ongoing ECJ case: 
New FCC rules could end the cable set-top box monopoly. We skewer Big Cable's phony copyright arguments. 
Dear we've been waiting for you to respond to our  petition for 163 days.
"Blizzard shuts down fan server running a ""classic"" World of Warcraft mode for 150k active players. 
California's smartphone encryption bill would force manufacturers to put a backdoor in every phone sold in the state 
We've fought for a federal open access law for three years. The finish line is in sight. Are FBI and DHS spy planes watching your city? We mapped 4+ months  data:  
"White House will not support proposed backdoor legislation, reports Reuters: 
Deep investigation into FBI and DHS domestic spy planes builds on cell surveillance docs from an EFF FOIA request: 
"Join and EFF in Baltimore today to learn how to stay safe; secure online: 
"Bricking this home automation device sets a scary precedent for the future of ""smart"" hardware: 
Who watches the watchers? You do! Sign up for our surveillance sweep this Saturday afternoon. 
A statement to Brazilian congress: Drop dangerous cybercrime bills 
Owners of this Hub home automation device will get a permanent downgrade next month. What happened to ownership? 
WhatsApp has enabled end-to-end encryption for all of its billion users: 
EFF's and the Library Freedom Project's talk about how to teach teens about digital privacy 
Register today for EFF's Surveillance Sweep. Help ensure accountability this Saturday from home or at our HQ:  
"Happy primary day, Wisconsin EFFers! Here are the questions we're asking the candidates. 
"When the law curbs innovation, it means that only the established players get to innovate. 
"Join for a discussion with EFF's about Apple, encryption, and your rights: 
"When Netflix first launched, established content companies hated it. DRM laws keep the next Netflix from starting: 
"When you pay for research through federal funding, you should be allowed to read it. 
Our friends at have launched a campaign to stop Internet shutdowns. Keep It On! Hacking the patent system: talks and patents 
We've liberated six years worth of data on abuse of California's law enforcement databases.  
"Despite astroturf groups' efforts to stop it, patent reform in Congress is still possible. 
"Last year, California passed a law requiring more transparency for surveillance tech. Help us enforce it on 4/9: 
"Despite astroturf groups' efforts to stop it, patent reform in Congress is still possible. 
Yet another patent on using a computer to carry out an everyday business practice. 
We've fought for a federal open access law for three years. The finish line is in sight. 
The arrest of two bloggers is a reminder that freedom of expression is under serious threat in Vietnam. 
Learn how political campaigns are tracking your personal data during the election season and beyond: 
7 steps to start protecting your electronic communications: 
Join us a week from today in our campaign to hunt down surveillance tech policies in California: 
"In New York? Come learn about security, privacy, and your rights at our workshop on Sunday: 
We're bringing transparency, accountability to social media companies engaged in censorship: 
We agree with crypto backdoors impact human rights. 
Just minutes left to get the Humble Indie Font Bundle! 
"We've filed new comments with the Copyright Office, explaining how takedowns can hurt free expression online. 
"Nobel Prize winning economist calls TPP the ""worst trade deal ever"" 
Ever wondered why so few video games have loading screen games? Blame software patents.  
Privacy Badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
Obama's latest move in the Crypto Wars is literally unbelievable.  First report from analyzes social media censorship incidents from 26 countries: 
"You can help us expose surveillance tech policies in California from the comfort of your home on Saturday, April 9: 
107 confirmed cases of California cops misusing official databases in 2015. 49 investigations still pending. 
It's no joke: pay what you want for the Humble Indie Font Bundle and all proceeds go to charities including EFF! 
Our friends at call on countries worldwide to support strong encryption Publicly Funded Research Should Be Publicly Available via 
"Big troll, bad patent: Intellectual Ventures sues florist for ""crew scheduling"" with a computer. 
EFF successfully pushed for greater transparency over California's police databases. Will better oversight follow? 
This Saturday 4/2 join EFF's at Tech Freedom conference at NYU: 
" our project with has released its first report  - follow the project California police must now publish privacy policies for ALPR and cell-site simulators. Help us index them on 4/9: 
We are disappointed in TPP endorsement. The future of the Internet can't be left to tech companies: 
Victory! Court orders that patent bully must pay EFF client's attorneys' fees. 
Patent lawsuits should not be shrouded in secrecy. 
"Worried about Google Chromebooks in schools? Take our survey, and ask other parents to do the same: 
"If you're in Berkeley this afternoon, don't miss a chance to see this lecture: 
Let's hold California police accountable. Join us on April 9 to crowdsource surveillance tech policies. 
"FBI refusing to say how it got into the San Bernardino iPhone runs against best security practices, writes Schneier: 
Want to learn surveillance self-defense? Join us in Brooklyn this Sunday 4/3: 
"Lift veil of secrecy in patent cases, EFF says in request to unseal files in serial patent litigant Blue Spike case:
"Sentencing of Vietnamese bloggers renews concerns over Vietnam's oppression of free speech, expression online:
"Security researchers, we need your help to tell the W3C how DRM laws can threaten your work. Get in touch! 
How we're letting robots censor the Web: Washington Post looks at important new research on DMCA takedowns 
The FBI announces it can break into the San Bernardino iPhone. We've got some questions. 
We've fought for a federal open access law for three years. The finish line is in sight. 
"BREAKING: FBI asks court to drop San Bernardino order against Apple, announcing it got into the phone without the company's help."
Skeptical judge gives bridal group a dressing down for its site-blocking tactics 
"Now that FBI has resigned its demands of Apple in court, what should Congress remember? 
Here are 7 tips for thinking about your own digital security: 
Bolivia insiste con regular las redes sociales: "Unless the US ratifies TPP, countries aren't obliged to implement its anti-user rules. Sadly, some already are. 
We've waited long enough for an open access law. Let's tell Congress: Move FASTR. 
Support the cause and pick up a Defending Your Rights member t-shirt before they're gone.  
Device and data theft “remain real problems. Encryption offers a real solution. It's worth fighting for.” 
Georgia's license plate reader bill died yesterday without a floor vote. We won't mourn its demise. 
There's growing consensus that transparency and participation are vital to trade deals that include Internet policy: 
Agora's report on Internet freedom in Russia (The Triumph of Censorship) is now available in English: 
Don't let politics get in the way of patent reform. 
"As TPP gets pummeled in the US presidential election, other countries press forward to approve it: 
Let's tell the Senate to make the VENUE Act a top priority. 
"The VENUE Act won't fix patents, but it will take away one of the trolls' most powerful weapons. 
9th Cir just sent Smith v Obama NSA spying case back to trial court. Here's where that and our other cases stand now 
"Last night EFF was honored to dedicate the Memorial Toilet to support online rights! Thanks, Craig! 
"Federal appeals court issued an order in Smith v. Obama, one of our NSA spying cases. Here's our analysis of it: 
"Canadians, use this platform to tell your representatives why you oppose the TPP: 
Dear Sen. Georgia's HB 93 is a fatally flawed bill. 
"Are you working to promote free expression, security, privacy, or access to knowledge? Join the Alliance: 
Did you do something clever this month to promote digital rights? Tell us how it went! 
Join us in telling to reject backdoors: 
"In a joint letter, members of Congress call NSA data sharing plan ""unconstitutional and dangerous"" 
Media monitoring service fights for its fair use right to index and archive media 
"26 years ago, sent out EFF's first-ever email blast: 
"Richard Clarke: FBI shouldn't try to recast the legal landscape to force companies to weaken their data security:
"Army also blocked Chelsea Manning from receiving posts from and 
Join thousands of people in telling no backdoors in our technology.  
"This Georgia license plate bill started with good intentions, then got bad, then got much worse. 
"Georgia's license plate reader bill: bad for the public, bad for police. 
Military prison officials allow to receive EFF blog posts it had previously censored. 
"We support digital freedom: free expression, security, privacy, creativity, and access to knowledge 
BuzzFeed is looking for the next generation of technologists to disrupt journalism. Become an fellow! 
Protesters took to the streets this weekend to push back against W3C plans to include DRM in Web standards. 
The problem with patent litigation is not a few unfair courts. It's a system that risks rewarding unfairness. 
Texas Examiner digs deep into the questionable use of license plate readers by local police: 
Huge news: court postpones hearing in Apple case. Here's what you need to know: 
Great news!  Feds are backing off attempts to strong-arm Apple into building a backdoor: 
Techno-Activism Third Monday is back at EFF's SF HQ. Tonight we'll discuss Stingrays and Tor-blocking: 
Strong security saves lives. Don't let the FBI undermine encryption.  
Applications close Friday to be a technologist. Learn more: 
"Four years after his arrest, we demand to know: Where is Bassel Khartabil? 
The problem with patent litigation isn't a few unfair courts, it's a broken system. Pass the VENUE Act. 
"Dear will you make security your legacy?  
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Now are calling on to defend encryption and reject backdoors: 
"La defensa de Apple y tus datos, por 
Why we're worried about the order to intentionally weaken the security of an iPhone: 
Cripto-Guerras: el turno de WhatsApp 
The Apple fight implicates all technology users. 
Our Pwning Tomorrow panel explores the interaction of authors and digital rights at the 
Dear encryption makes us more secure. 
2 pm at the join EFF members and superstar sci-fi authors at Pwning Tomorrow: Today! 
Thousands are tweeting at asking him to speak out on encryption. Join them: 
A new bill in Congress would close a loophole that patent trolls have exploited for years. 
"La violencia contra la prensa nos genera M.I.E.D.O.: Informe de
"EFF is hosting a free, star-studded science fiction author panel tomorrow at the in SF. 
Government secrecy getting you down? The Foilies will bring a wry smile to your face.   "NSA spying silences dissent online, says new study confirming concerns raised in our First Unitarian Church case:
Dear The facts aren't up for negotiation. Encryption makes us safer. 
EFF members gather this Saturday with authors of Pwning Tomorrow at the  
"Felicitaciones a por su nuevo libro ""Internet en"The court that heard our ""Dancing Baby"" case has made some interesting updates to its opinion. Our analysis: 
"From rural Kentucky to the English Parliament, these were the worst moments in government transparency in 2015: 
The FBI's demands threaten your security. EFF's, explain with 
"This Saturday:; at SF's Internet Archive! 
Techno-Activism Third Monday is back at EFF's SF HQ. On Monday 3/21 we'll discuss Stingrays and Tor-blocking: 
"The FBI can't force Apple to be a hypocrite about users' security, writes EFF's Cindy Cohn in 
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Now call on to reject backdoors:  
Former national security official Richard Clarke explains the fight between Apple and the FBI: 
"FBI demands of Apple would undermine national security, says EFF's on 
What “backdoor” means in the context of Apple v. FBI: A7: What is govt's “middle ground”? Change math so only good guys can use backdoors? "With anti-DRM protests outside, W3C mulls a covenant not to sue security researchers: AG in stresses importance of open WiFi for innovation! I and strongly agree!  
A2: Code is speech is well established law. But even if not, a digital signature is a personal endorsement. "Follow the hashtag for EFF Civil Liberties Director and other experts talking to Bloomberg Law, starting now."
This is the highest FOIA fee estimate we've ever seen!  
"Senate-passed FOIA reform is a good step forward, but real
change is needed to fix the ailing transparency law 
"Britain's will force tech companies to hack their own customers, write EFF's and NEW: Bassel Khartabil: Four years since arrest of Palestinian-Syrian online freedom activist   …
"We want to hear about your DRM ""gotcha"" stories. Have you ever bought something, only to find restrictions later? 
"Four years ago today, Syrian programmer Bassel Khartabil was unjustly imprisoned with no charges.  "Join librarians protecting ""Privacy in the Digital Age"" at an online conference with EFF's 
"Join us in welcoming EFF's new legislative counsel. 
Let's encrypt all the things! Google's new report tracks how well the world is doing on encrypting the Web: 
"Watch EFF's Cindy Cohn explain why encryption is the answer for both individual and national security:
Yeaah, I'm gonna need you to go ahead and read this  report. That'd be greeaat.  
In this week's censorship roundup: a German breast cancer campaign encourages breaking Facebook's nudity ban: 
We can't keep waiting for a federal open access law. Tell Congress: Move FASTR. 
"If you're in SF, come see EFF's discuss creativity, copyright; the public domain this Wednesday: 
"Former U.S. counterterrorism official says FBI is ""exaggerating the need"" in Apple case in order to set a precedent: 
A Pi Day throwback to when we baked the most litigious dessert in America:  
"In DC this week? Come hear EFF's debate the TPP and digital rights with the USTR, Disney, and others: 
Professor lays out dozens of reasons why ratifying the TPP is a bad idea for the Internet and our rights: 
John Oliver takes on the crypto debate in his trademark NSFW style: 
Want to spend your summer working with EFF? Applications for the 2016 Google Policy Fellowship are due March 25: 
The Foilies 2016: recognizing the most ridiculous government responses to public records requests  "In the FBI's battle to backdoor our encryption, WhatsApp may be the next target after Apple's iOS. 
The next battle in Crypto Wars 2.0: DOJ contemplates a nightmare court order forcing WhatsApp to break its crypto. 
"Steven Levy, who penned the definitive story on the first Crypto Wars: the war's back on as FBI takes aim at Apple:
NSA data will soon routinely be used for domestic policing that has nothing to do with terrorism. 
Leaving town? Check out our RFID-blocking passport holders and wallets courtesy of DIFRwear!  
"No ifs, ands, backdoors, or buts: help us defend security and encryption:  
We've waited long enough for an open access law. Let's tell Congress: Move FASTR. 
In California? Speak out against the misguided bill which would make your smartphone less secure: 
New posters are in! EFF members get one free at our Pwning Tomorrow event in San Francisco.  
"Two dozen authors speculate on the future of online rights in EFF's anthology, Pwning Tomorrow. Free download: 
Tell California lawmakers not to undermine smartphone encryption: "New documents confirm FBI used ""dirtboxes"" without a legal policy in place 
EFF is proud to support privacy and help Apple defend user security. We couldn't do it without our members! 
"VTech, maker of kids' digital toys, wants to get out of the responsibility to protect user data. EFF calls them out: 
EFF 25th Anniversary member t-shirts are back in stock. Ride with the freedom unicorn:  
A federal open access law is within reach. Tell Congress: It's time to move FASTR. 
"VTech, maker of children's toys, wants to get out of the responsibility to protect user data, EFF calls them out: 
"""Free flow"" rules slant Internet regulations towards business while doing little to prevent online censorship: 
Wondering about and the First Amendment? 
Come hear seven authors from EFF's sci-fi anthology Pwning Tomorrow speak at a free event in San Francisco on 3/19: On 3/9 join the Denver Cybersecurity Meetup to explore AppleVsFBI at 
"""Virtually limitless"" surveillance powers: NY judge warned of the stakes in the Apple case DOJ is now appealing 
You know what's cool? A million certificates is cool. 
"Your questions about Apple and the First Amendment, answered: 
Starting in 15 minutes: join EFF's Cindy Cohn to learn about government surveillance and your rights. 
"Your vote may be private, but here are some tips to reduce your digital footprint during the election: 
California prisons are twisting laws and regulations to claim inmates can't be on Facebook: 
Un fallo baja de los cielos a los globos de vigilancia en Chile: Draconian Internet censorship laws in Malaysia would impose grave penalties on users and ISPs alike: 
Remember the old online service Prodigy? It lives on in the form of software patent lawsuits. 
"If you're a YouTuber wanting to consult w/ an attorney about Fair Use, contact us and we'll try to hook you up 
VICTORY: Verizon will stop tagging users for tracking without consent:
"Today is the last day to support EFF and get nine cross-platform
DRM-free games in the Humble Indie Bundle 16:
"Malaysia drafts a law to legitimize and extend its censorship of online news portals, blogs, and political art: 
"We agree with Apple's top software engineer: the FBI wants to turn the clock back on security:
"We told Verizon its supercookies required consent. Verizon is now going to comply, thanks to today's FCC settlement: 
"Brief from 46 technology experts made one of the 'juiciest' arguments for Apple against the FBI, says: 
"Kazakhstan loses another round in court fight attacking EFF client Respublika:, anonymity are needed as enablers of rights to, privacy  
The Privacy Shield offers little hope for Europeans concerned about privacy when their data travels to the U.S. 
Worried about creating passwords and security questions? Check out our Surveillance Self-Defense guide: 
Former White House advisors urge Obama to finally bring long-due transparency and open debate to trade talks: 
EFF and are assembling an all-star panel of science fiction writers on March 19. And it's free! 
Want to work with EFF this summer? Apply for the 2016 Google Public Policy Fellowship: 
We caught the California prison system destroying records of social media censorship: 
Where do the 2016 presidential candidates stand on digital rights? 
We rely on member support to defend security and strong encryption whenever it is threatened. Can you help? 
Our amicus in explains that forcing Apple to sign code violates the First Amendment. Here's why: 
EFF and 46 technology experts ask court to throw out unconstitutional Apple order: 
"It's unclear what, if anything, the Privacy Shield is supposed to be shielding people from: 
"Defending Apple's stance on encryption, Rep says ""the government lies"" to Congress, courts 
EFF to court: law enforcement must get a warrant to use a video camera to watch your house 24/7. 
14 questions the 2016 presidential candidates need to answer about digital rights: 
Leader Pelosi taking a public stance against the TPP could defeat the agreement for good. Call her now: 
Brazil's courts shouldn't imprison Facebook execs for personal data they don't have: .files amicus brief in Apple case:  via htt…,,just filed a human rights amicus brief in the Apple case on behalf of and 
ATF put a camera on a utility pole to watch a house for 10 weeks. Here's why that should require a warrant: 
Come hear seven of the most innovative voices in speculative fiction speak at the Internet Archive on March 19. 
Congress needs to stand against the TPP. Call on Leader Pelosi to take the lead against this anti-user deal: 
"India gives a definitive ""No"" to software patents.  
"The 2016 presidential nomination races continue, and so does the candidates' battle for your data. 
The sides with Apple in the encryption debate, says Congressional action to outlaw crypto would be a mistake Thank you for your efforts on this. FOIA extremely important for transparency, accountability Pressed FBI about troubling photo ID requirement for eFOIA requests in Dec. Yesterday the requirement was dropped 
"Hear EFF's explain why every cryptographer says unlocking the iPhone endangers us all:
Doctorow. Rucker. Gunn. Newitz. Naam. Rajaniemi. Jewel. Seven authors LIVE at the Internet Archive on 3/19. 
Judge in New York Apple case warns of a total surveillance future under the Internet of Things: 
Meet the patent troll that's been suing everyone from from CVS to Credo Mobile. 
"Can we please just stop trying to ban software, once and for all? 
All eyes on All Writs: New York judge rejects government demands that Apple bypass an iPhone lock screen: 
Crypto pioneers Whit Diffie and Martin Hellman win the Turing Award: 
It's Super Tuesday! Here are some tips for protecting your data as you make the big decision. 
"Following criticism from EFF and Sen. FBI drops photo ID requirement for online FOIA requests: 
"The government can't force Apple to bypass iPhone lock screen, a New York judge has ruled. Our analysis: 
"Obama administration sides with EFF, will try to roll back Wassenaar export controls. changes to the Wassenaar Arrangement: 
The latest Stupid Patent of the Month winner has sued everyone from CVS to Credo Mobile.  
BREAKING: Judge in New York drug case denies government All Writs Act demand that Apple unlock seized iPhone: 
What you need to know about your digital privacy during the 2016 election: 
"Apple warns that FBI demands would undermine cybersecurity, not just privacy and human rights: 
"Broken and bloated classification system encourages unnecessary secrecy, random prosecutions: 
Ever been confused about why your video got a takedown notice? You're not alone.  
"EFF's Cindy Cohn at Apple with who noted FBI's legacy of abusing civil rights: ""We cannot go down this path again."""
"EFF's Cindy Cohn told Apple shareholders why EFF supports the iPhone maker's push back against the FBI:
Even ex-NSA chief Michael Hayden says encryption makes us safe: 
Automated copyright takedowns aren't just an annoyance, they can chill free speech.  "Int'l copyright law must be flexible to allow countries to pass strong user rights, like fair use:  Personal Audio appealed our successful challenge to its bogus podcasting patent. Today EFF responds. 
Three ways the UK's new spy bill would force Apple to break its own security: 
International law and fair use: how a vague copyright rule affects the world's use of creative works.  "Verizon's CEO weighs in on Apple vs. FBI, supports ""the availability of strong encryption with no backdoors"" 
Join us online to learn how you can support digital rights in your community: 
Texas Justice of the Peace questions Guadalupe County's license plate reader program.  
Soulseek's struggle with PayPal shows how law-abiding websites can still face censorship by payment providers: 
"The City of Kyle in Texas has cancelled its ""no cost"" license plate reader program following EFF report. 
"""Are we building a world in which there's no longer any room for keeping secrets?"" NYT's on FBI demands. 
"""Americans actually trust Apple a bit more than the government"" on FBI demands, reports 
Santa Clara County in CA considers reforms to increase surveillance transparency and oversight: 
"FBI's demands undermine security for Apple, the Internet, and you. Get the facts: 
The TPP would impose heavy financial penalties on users for circumventing DRM for personal purposes: 
"Harvard Prof Apple is fighting FBI demands because the government lost trust, legitimacy
We were glad to hear explain how encryption protects social movements and minority communities 
Background: The next Librarian of Congress should fight for users' rights across the country. 
"Obama has announced his pick for the next Librarian of Congress, Dr. Carla Hayden: 
"SF residents come out to support Apple's resistance to FBI's attack on privacy, security: 
Will President Obama turn his back on strong security for modern tech? 
"Bay Area activists demand privacy and security at rally supporting Apple. Hands off our iPhones, FBI. 
EFF's Shahid Buttar standing up for strong encryption in front of the Apple Store in SF. Rally starts at 5:30 pm. 
News crews gathering in San Francisco for the Apple rally tonight. 
Stand with EFF and in support of iPhone users' privacy. Find a rally happening near you: 
"In February 1996, this call to action inspired thousands of sites to go dark in protest. 
"Find out from EFF's Lee Tien why Apple's stand against the FBI has global consequences:
Writers and artists support Apple because FBI demands could threaten your free speech: 
"Decades before SOPA, the Web went dark in protest against a new censorship law. 
Mozilla, EFF and Creative Commons call for more openness in trade negotiations  by "EFF's explains why forcing Apple to undermine iPhone security would be devastating for human rights.
US and international library associations and institutions are among those demanding reforms to closed trade deals: 
The three worst copyright provisions in the TPP are explained in our new infographic:  RETWEET TO SPREAD THE WORD: Nationwide rallies to fight FBI attempt to backdoor the iPhone  "New declaration on trade and the Internet lays out a roadmap for countries to leave closed, anti-user deals behind: Trade agreements like need radical transparency and meaningful public participation  How ironic that the government is censoring info about prison censorship.(And making my article writing harder.) 
The reveals even more agencies using Vigilant Solutions license plate readers to collect court fines. 
EFF letter to Ft. Leavenworth: Don't use copyright to block Chelsea Manning from reading our blog posts. Raise your voice against FBI demands to undermine the security of your devices: For the first time a court has allowed discovery of factual evidence in a lawsuit vs NSA warrantless surveillance 
Everything you wanted to know about the FBI demands targeting Apple devices but were afraid to ask: 
"""Privacy is not dead, and only those who wish to kill it claim otherwise."" EFF's on Apple and the FBI: 
BREAKING: Judge grants discovery in EFF's lawsuit against the NSA. Vital step forward in our case against mass spying
"What's the TPP, how will it affect digital rights, and what can we do about it?  
EFF's was on to explain why Apple is right to challenge the FBI's demand to unlock an iPhone: 
LARPers refuse to quiver before archery company's attempt to silence them: The EFF shop now features RFID-blocking wallets and passport holders courtesy of DIFRwear!  
Check out and share our new infographic about the TPP and its heavy-handed copyright rules: 
What if large publishers spent less time suing people and more time improving their business models? 
EFF isn't playing when it comes to defending this LARPer's right to criticize a patent suit: Back-room revisions to criminalize copyright “grey zones” like fansubbing (fan-created alternate subtitles) 
Wikimedia and ACLU have filed their opening brief in the appeal of their case challenging NSA surveillance. 
"The Senate will consider two copyright treaties: one helps the blind, the other helps only the content industry. 
"Internet access for all should not come at the cost of competition, choice, innovation, free expression, or privacy. 
"If you're in the US, urge your lawmakers to follow in opposing TPP and reject its ratification: The TV set-top box has stagnated for decades. Now the FCC has proposed Unlock The Box rules to open things up. 
"Hey FBI, no backdoor opens only to good guys. explains why order against Apple puts everyone at risk:
T-Mobile does it. Verizon does it. Even Facebook does it. We explain what zero rating is and the risks it poses. 
Confused about why Apple is fighting the FBI?  breaks it down in the 
EFF staff attorney was on today discussing why FBI's order to Apple puts us all at risk. Growing group of folks at the SF Apple Store. Showing support of Apple's decision to protect encryption for users. 
The crowd is gathering in front of the SF Apple store to support encryption.  
One word changed in a footnote in the TPP would expand prison terms and seizures to harmless copyright infringements 
"If you're in SF today, join for an emergency rally to defend crypto at 4:45 at the Apple Store on Stockton"
In the Bay Area? Join for an emergency rally in defense of crypto. Meet tonight at 4:45 at the Apple Store on Stockton.
Encryption backdoors would harm us all. EFF is standing with Apple in its fight to keep its devices secure. 
"Just when you thought that the TPP couldn't get any worse, a sneaky change to the final text will toughen it further 
A new Whitney exhibit features documents from EFF's FOIA lawsuit on behalf of Laura Poitras. 
Florida's lawmakers are throwing shade at the state's Sunshine Law.  
Court orders Apple to backdoor iPhone. EFF pledges to fight precedent that engagers privacy, security of us all. 
"Patent owners can still keep you from selling or reusing the stuff you own, says the Federal Circuit: 
Want to help build the future of Web security? is hiring developers and sys admins: Last chance to send in your FOIA horror stories for The Foilies! 
"Ad networks helped company track Iowa caucas-goers via their mobile phones, explains 
"After a year of pressure from EFF,  the California Attorney General agrees to stop skirting open meeting rules. 
"70 years ago, these six women became programmers on the first ever electronic general-purpose computer: "Let's keep the pressure on Congress to vote no on the TPP. If you're in the US, take action: There's still time to stop the  
This week EFF members celebrate A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace.  
Strange story of how copyright abuse has gotten the popular account yanked from Twitter: Encryption is everywhere. EFF board member Bruce Schneier finds 865 encryption products from 55 countries: California Department of Justice agrees to greater transparency with the state's police databases. Amazing panel with and discussing 📽  
New interagency privacy council won't force honest answers on spying 
The White House asks the Senate to ratify the Marrakesh Treaty to expand access to published works for the blind: 
"MPAA may like Donuts, but it shouldn't be the Internet police. 
"UK's spy overseers slam the Investigatory Powers Bill: it ""fails to deliver the clarity that is so badly needed."" 
Gmail will now notify you if the person you're communicating with is on an insecure email service 
"Excellent House bill to halt dangerous, wrongheaded state anti-crypto laws backed by  Spy agencies make a habit of misleading Congress: 
Publisher finally gives up claims over world's most popular song in case highlighting broken copyright system: 
Don't brood over that rejected FOIA. Nominate the agency for the Foilies. Deadline 2/15: 
Copyright shouldn't gave manufacturers a de facto monopoly on repairing their products. 
"Join us tomorrow for a Reddit AMA on TPP and how to stop it, with; 
"White House announces new privacy council, but fails to restore credibility of officials briefing Congress: 
"Laura Poitras talks to the New Yorker podcast about her new show, which features FOIA docs we helped obtain. 
"A trademark shouldn't trump the Mormon Mental Health Association's right to use the word ""Mormon"" in its name. 
"Congress needs to hear from you about how bad the TPP will be for digital rights. If you're in the US, take action: 
"EFF co-founder John Perry Barlow looks back on the 20 years since ""A Declaration Of Independence of Cyberspace"" 
"The TPP isn't just about international trade, it would regulate what you can do on and off the Internet: 
Happy 20th Unlike some technologies, still just as important today as in 1996 *hums dial-up sound* 
EFF co-founder is doing an AMA to mark 20 years of a Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace. Join us! 
The battle for the Web: Five years after Egypt's uprising: 
"20 years ago, EFF co-founder answered the Communications Decency Act with a declaration of independence: 
Depende de los legisladores el rechazo al 
Laura Poitras and her EFF lawyers stand with previously classified surveillance docs now on display at the Whitney 
You consent to surveillance when you turn on your phone, says Maryland Attorney General  
Activists say Twitter is 'leaving them in the dark' over state-sponsored attack claims: 
How U.S. copyright law is being used to take down Rafael Correa's critics in Ecuador 
Computers are good at a lot of things. Recognizing fair use isn't one of them. 
"TPP was signed yesterday, but it's just as controversial as ever. There's still time for our lawmakers to stop it: 
"We represent filmmaker Laura Poitras in a FOIA suit, and records we freed so far appear in her new art show. 
 Hacking the patent system: talks and patents 
Wikipedia relies on a healthy and robust public domain. TPP is a serious threat to that. 
Are you in SF today and free for lunch? Come protest the TPP at noon in front of Sen. Dianne Feinstein's office:
Companies shouldn't try to silence their customers. It's time for lawmakers to shut this trend down. 
"Congratulations to the CTF Winners: PPP, Touf, and Play the CTF at 
The Atlantic explains why Vigilant Solutions' license plate database is “an unprecedented threat to privacy.” 
Russian ISPs take the Kremlin to court over online surveillance. 
"The TPP is getting signed right now. If you're in the US, you can urge Congress to vote no on the anti-user deal: 
Just 12 days left to nominate a government agency that stood in the way of transparency for The Foilies! 
"When students face years in prison for sharing research, it's time for something to change. 
"If you're in San Francisco tomorrow, come protest the TPP at noon in front of Sen. Dianne Feinstein's office: 
The UK's new spying bill is a backdoor wrapped in a loophole inside an enigma: 
Join EFF and digital rights enthusiasts in New York tomorrow for a special happy hour event: 
"Stay up-to-date on our battles against NSA spying, patent trolls, and more. Subscribe to the EFFector newsletter: 
There's a new bill in Maryland to fight the disturbing practice of companies hiding gag clauses in their fine print. 
Got questions about automated license plate readers? We've got answers on our Street Level Surveillance site: 
"Trade officials will sign the TPP today, but it's up to us to make sure our lawmakers reject its ratification: 
EFF and tackle the patent system tonight.  "The story of Eskinder Nega, and the tragedy of Ethiopia's Internet: 
"Together, we can make open access the standard for academic and scientific publishing worldwide. 
OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media: Gov'ts crafting online media laws should consider our Manila Principles 
Pwning Tomorrow is EFF's star-studded collection of forward-looking short fiction. And it's CC-licensed! 
"Hey San Francisco, join EFF and tonight for a discussion on how startups can beat the patent system. 
"Is that a bird, a plane, or a spying device? Join us in NYC on 2/4 to learn about Stingrays. RSVP: 
"When students face years in prison for sharing research, it's time for something to change.  "DHS-supported private network scanning lacks transparency, raising surveillance red flags: 
"The TPP overrides nations' homegrown copyright enforcement policies, forcing them to bend to U.S. demands: 
"Let's support open access worldwide 
"Surveillance expands through Internet of Things as FBI cries wolf about going dark: Harvard study via 
"Join us in NYC on 2/4 w/ and to see ""Truth And Power"" on Stingrays. RSVP: 
We're proud to have represented since its launch in 2012: 
We covered James Madison award winner transparency battle to obtain public records: 
We're helping and Public Resource free the law: 
Congratulations to the 2016 winners of James Madison awards. Very well deserved: 
"Commerce Dep't agrees parts of copyright need fixing, but their suggestions are weak. We need stronger medicine. 
"Thanks to Medium using  everywhere, Malaysia can't censor individual articles and hope nobody notices: 
Xerox just got a patent on something libraries have essentially done for decades. Our Stupid Patent of the Month: 
Why are universities fighting open education? 
Celebrate Data Privacy Day by taking charge of your children's privacy at school! 
Malaysian censors have blocked all of Medium: 
"We've added Orange, Texas to the list law enforcement agencies receiving “no cost” license plate readers. 
Brazilian lawmakers threaten to crack down on Internet freedom 
Ever wondered why so few video games have loading screen mini-games? Blame software patents.  
Common-sense education reform is getting tangled up in a debate over software patents. 
"EFF client Laura Poitras's Whitney show will include surveillance files from FOIA lawsuit we filed on her behalf:
"Dear Don't cut the public out of the debate over NSA spying. 
Sincerely, 
25 watchdog nonprofits 
Watch EFF's Cindy Cohn and this Friday on episode about government spyware: 
"Unless they're wearing jackets from the 1980s, Congress shouldn't hold “members only” hearings on NSA spying. 
License plate reader contracts prohibit cops from speaking to the press about surveillance tech. 
Tomorrow is Data Privacy Day! Celebrate by ensuring the privacy of students in your family: 
"Inspiring profile of Manon Ress and 2013 Pioneer Award winner Jamie Love, fighting for expanded access to medicine 
EFF's Surveillance Self-Defense guide is available in 11 languages. 
Send us your FOIA tales of aggravating rejections and absurd redactions for The Foilies. 
Surveillance contracts are turning Texas police into debt collectors: 
How a missing comma in FOIA lets law enforcement agencies withhold important public records:  The and MuckRock want to hear your horror stories  
We're unleashing our second-ever CTF hacking contest at tonight. Remote players welcome! 
Protect and Serve becomes Stop and Swipe when Texas cops combine credit card readers with license plate readers. 
"Today at EFF's fills you in on anonymizing your web browsing with help from Panopticlick. and explain how to protect high risk users from state sponsored actors 
Do you trust a computer to decide on your right to free speech? 
FOIA's problems are punctuated by the lack of a comma. Congress can fix this: 
Tech companies need to resist government pressure to turn into intelligence agencies: 
"Software patents are a mess, but innovators can fight back. Learn how in Hacking the Patent System. 
"""No cost"" license plate readers are turning Texas police into debt collectors and data miners. So what about those phone records now? EFF writes to secret FISA court: 
"Hey San Francisco, join EFF and next week for a discussion on how startups can hack the patent system. 
"EFF to court: Police who want people's cell phone location data must get a warrant first:
Great turnout for for activists event! breaking it down 
We're proud to present Capture the Flag on Tuesday with Remote players welcome! 
"Take a peek at the future of digital civil liberties with EFF's fiction collection, Pwning Tomorrow. 
We're hanging out with founder John Gilmore at Program schedule:  
At It's a good time to stop by our expo hall booth to join EFF or renew your membership! 
"End online tracking! EFF's helps you take control of your web browsing at 11:30 am, Room 103. 
Beware of copyright creep! An important warning from 
"Thanks for stopping by the office, 
The Free Software Foundation has updated its guide to email self-defense. Learn to send encrypted email today! 
TPP exemplifies how public participation is often missing from the copyright debate.  From Mario to Taylor Swift to cosplay, we have some great new posts for Check them all out here: 
Ecuador: El miedo de vigilar a los vigilantes 
thanks for your critical work with the EFF and a great keynote, you've been jerseyed! 
"Trying to hack the patent system? EFF's explains at today. 11:15 am, Room 212. 
The EFF crew is heading to Brussels! Join us for a Speakeasy meetup on Tuesday night. 
Friday keynote at fighting the war on general purpose computing with 
Copyright law creates a legal fence between you and ownership of your digital goods. for 
"Do you trust a computer to make the final call on your free speech? On fair use and filtering, for It turns out the government's use of zero days for hacking isn't so classified after all 
"The public domain grows by trickles, despite the dam of copyright term extension. for 
Join in LA this Saturday 1/23 to learn surveillance self-defense and connect with concerned neighbors 2016: The public domain as foundation for EU copyright law reform  
"Not only does TPP contain many extreme copyright rules, but it could also undermine user privacy. Take action: 
Share local reports on student or community organizing for digital rights this Friday 1/22 
"Officials pushing social media platforms to algorithmically detect ""terrorist content"" should know it isn't possible 
How can DRM laws be updated to make sense today? takes a look for 2016: The public domain is not lost  
"Who will control the hardware that you have in your home, in your pocket, in your own body?  Last week's podcast examines Aaron Swartz's place in the history of copyright in the U.S. 
FCC should ensure that prisoners and their families are treated fairly by inmate communication services. 
"While experts debate whether data localization can protect user privacy, the TPP slaps down a ban anyway: 
To we must remember what even our heroes have endured from still unaccountable intel agencies 
We'll probably never free Mickey. But that's beside the point. A new post from 
"It's that time again: All week, we'll join a conversation on making copyright work for the public. 
"EFF urges FCC to ensure prison communication services benefit inmates and families, not just contractors. 
"The White House claims the TPP upholds user privacy, but the rule it's referring to is so weak it'll be useless: 
"Join the fight for digital freedom: EFF has job openings on its activism, legal, and tech teams. 
House Oversight Committee cited The Foilies in its report on FOIA. Submit your 2015 public records horror stories: 
Customer choice requires transparency. T-Mobile needs to be more clear with its customers about how Binge On works. 
EFF forces government to lift redactions in official zero day hacking policy 
"What have you to fear, if you have nothing to hide? MLK learned the hard way: 
Schools shouldn't trade their students' privacy for free computers. Senator agrees 
"55 years ago today, a war hero in the warned us of what later revealed: 
"The EFF panel features and 5 pm! Member meetup to follow."
"Lawyers, policy analysts, and technologists, oh my. Ask the EFF panel at 5 pm today at 
Our FTC complaint about Google's data collection from students sparked interest in the Senate 
Wikipedia has made it easier for everyone to access the world's knowledge. Congratulations on 15 years.  "San Diego's checks on police compliance with SB 741, California's new Stingray transparency law. 
The House passed a FOIA reform bill. Here's how the Senate should improve it:  The Foilies are back for Sunshine Week 2016! Send us your FOIA horror stories by Feb. 15.  On January 15, 2001, a new kind of free encyclopedia first went online. Thank you for 15 years. 
Stop by our table next to Hack Fortress!  
The government shouldn't try to turn tech companies into intelligence agencies: 
Join a coalition with a simple message to politicians: no crypto bans, no backdoors, no weakening encryption. 
Concerned about police spying on your social movement? Join in LA to learn surveillance self-defense: 
Can someone face 25 years for a crime that essentially amounts to vandalism? They can under the CFAA: 
TPP prioritizes Hollywood's interests at the expense of our human rights. Tell Congress to vote it down: 
Final speech by overlooks campaign promises to fix NSA spying. One year left to do the right thing: 
Human Rights Watch says the TPP's digital regulations undermine free expression and privacy online: 
"Senator presses Google CEO Pichai: What exactly is Google doing with students' personal information?
Congress is concerned about NSA spying on congressional communications. What about the rest of us? 
Blind people should not have to fight for the right to read. 
The government should not apply pressure on tech companies to spy on their users: 
"C is for cookie, and found 16 of them on  Kyle Wiens of explains how farmers are affected when broken copyright rules take away our right to repair: 
We agree with copyright needs a broad exception for educational use. 
ATT shareholders ask company to come clean about sharing data with law enforcement and intelligence community: 
"Congress, EFF, and tech industry agree: Wassenaar export controls must be revised. But State Dept won't do it (yet). 
EFF to Department of Education: protecting the choice to speak anonymously is key to fighting online harassment 
One year left for to do what he promised: restore sensible limits on mass surveillance 
Obama just asked Congress to approve TPP in his Let's ask our lawmakers to defend the Internet and vote no: 
Here's our proposal for how the W3C could save the Web from DRM. New post from 
The House grilled State Department officials over Wassenaar Arrangement export controls at a hearing today. 
"Across Europe, outrageous copyright restrictions throw up obstacles for educators doing their jobs. 
"Cisco and companies that purposefully help governments commit human rights abuses must be held accountable:
"With 8 days to go till Matthew Keys' sentencing hearing, let's look at the facts and the law again: 
"More than 20 writers explore future threats to our freedom in EFF's free sci-fi anthology, “Pwning Tomorrow.” 
"It's the court's job to rule on a patent's validity, but one court seems reluctant. 
"In about an hour, we'll be live tweeting the House hearing on cybersecurity export controls over at 
"Every time Mickey Mouse has been set to enter the public domain, Congress has extended copyright terms. 
Internet users ultimately paid the steep price of entry for Canada's admission to the TPP negotiations: 
We'll be livetweeting the hearing on Wassenaar export controls starting tomorrow at 11am Pacific over at 
"Confused by the new changes to Twitter's rules? EFF breaks down the good, the bad, and the ugly: 
"A brief history of governments hacking human rights organizations, by and for 
"Today, we celebrate Aaron Swartz's life by reflecting on a few of his writings. 
"EFF's explains to CNBC how EFF is fighting for Internet users and customer choice: 
TPP fails Internet users in requiring all of its strict copyright enforcement without any of the user safeguards: 
Mobile users cut off for for using the wrong apps: China's crackdown shows what a backdoored Net looks like. Our ally and hero in the fight for human rights in the digital age. Already picked out my shirt for tomorrow. Hey inspires us all around the world to do their kind of work.   
Dear we are the people that operate your systems, educate your children, and subscribe to your service…"
Hey does the work to ensure that the internet stays open, encryption stays legal, and users remain in cont…"
Technology users worldwide help teach the CEO of T-Mobile US who EFF is:  "In guidance to states and cities on drones, DHS acknowledges the value of encryption: 
"T-Mobile's CEO is dying to know who EFF is. Friends, please tweet at with the hashtag to enlighten him.",,.Who pays for to keep watch on shady anti-net neutrality moves like this? People who know the net. 
The proposed update to the federal ethics policy for experiments on human subjects is full of loopholes. 
TPP contains a worse version of the U.S. DMCA takedown system. It does even less to protect our speech online: 
".Does Binge On alter the video stream in any way, or just limit its bandwidth? Ask for the truth about T-Mobile's new Binge On program.  We're deeply concerned about Binge On. Here are our questions for T-Mobile:  What do Neil Gaiman, Cory Doctorow and Elizabeth Bear have in common? They are in an anthology with !!! 
"The proposed federal protections for human subjects of scientific research should be much, much stronger: 
Sentencing for journalist Matthew Keys is January 20. His prosecution highlights the CFAA's many flaws: 
"DHS sees need for privacy, transparency, and accountability where state or local agencies use drones: 
"We can stop the TPP from getting congressional approval. If you're in the US, ask your lawmakers to reject it: 
After you download ""Pwning Tomorrow"", give them money. They fight for your privacy, security,; speech online 
"Under TPP, Canadians will be forced to swallow 20 yrs of copyright extension after rejecting it many times before. 
"Everyone's smartphone communications will be less secure if the FBI wins the battle over backdoors:
Come join our team! We're looking for two amazing writers interested in fighting for a better digital future: 
"As we get closer to Matthew Keys' sentencing hearing, let's again focus on prosecution's egregious abuse of CFAA 
From EFF's explores how social media companies are creating global morality standards. 
TPP locks countries to restrictive DRM rules that take away our right to control our own devices. From 
From EFF's GC on how governments are taking aim at encryption in the Crypto Wars Part II. 
"Did you resolve to use encrypted communications in 2016? Here's our guide to Signal, OTR, and more: 
Tomorrow is the comment deadline for proposed ethics regs for human experiments. Here's how it may impact privacy: 
"Under pre-1978 U.S. copyright law, Miles Davis' Kind of Blue would have entered the public domain this week. 
Donate to and get a free copy of the new scifi anthology PWNING TOMORROW, including a story from yours truly! 
The TPP's Intellectual Property chapter defines unbalanced objectives that fails the public interest says 
Tell Congress to hold hearings about TPP's anti-user rules and reject it when it comes up for a final vote: 
Mozilla features our privacy-enhancing browser extension  Everywhere as an add-on of the month. Woot! ""Class of 2016"" - Our top pick of people whose works entered the last week:  
"Will Facebook help prisons take down inmate profiles? Not as often, thanks to pressure from EFF: 
We're fighting to get more information into the hands of the public: 
"While you tweet today, remember the voices taken offline by government detention: 
"Save Crypto: We didn't start this “debate,” but we're hoping to end it. 
Equation Group? Botnet of Things? It has been an exciting and challenging time for digital security. 
Over 8 million digital devices were sold to schools this year. What privacy protections can students expect? 
The passage of CISA does not mean that these types of data breaches would be prevented in the future. 
EFF's Freedom of Information Act docket is uncovering more and more about secretive government surveillance: 
This is the year that many people worldwide began questioning why closed is the default in academic publishing. 
Many reasons you should be paranoid about security on your mobile phone and laptop: 
A summer of car hacks drove home the need for security research without copyright obstacles: 
"Small justice in 2015: the Zone 9 bloggers were freed in Ethiopia, but others still held in Iran, Syria, and Egypt 
"The FCC made the right calls in 2015: ""Yes"" to net neutrality, and ""No"" to further regulation of Internet tech. 
"We made it to 4,096 donors in our year-end membership drive! Many thanks and happy new year to supporters of digital rights worldwide!"
Celebrate the digital rights wins of 2015 and gear up for another fierce year of fighting for online freedom! Securing “the nation's best digital privacy law” and other 2015 digital rights victories in state legislatures: Love the Internet AND inventive science fiction? Support the Electronic Frontier Foundation and get Pwning Tomorrow 
Daily Dot named EFF's a 2015 Internet hero for holding companies accountable for how they treat our data: 
Today is the last day to donate to EFF in 2015! Join us for another year of fighting for digital civil liberties. 
"Who knew that in 2015 we'd still be ""debating"" encryption? 
"From photo hobbyists to podcasters, everyday creators are under threat from money-hungry patent trolls. 
Record numbers of lawsuits filed by patent trolls. When will Congress step in? 
"When it came to corporate privacy practices, 2015 was a downright scary year. 
"Today at social networks as morality police with Hall 2, 17:15. 
"Today at governments take aim at encryption in the Crypto Wars Part II with Hall 1, 12:45. Renew your EFF membership at and help support online freedom! Find our Safe Harbor near the Anarchist Village: 
Misguided crypto policy from the 1990s is still making us less secure in 2015. 
"Video from the panel about the Wassenaar Arrangement, a multi-national agreement with implications for infosec 
"Read story from Pwning Tomorrow, EFF's free SF anthology, over at 
"Detentions. Arrests. Prosecutions. In the Middle East, citizens exercising free expression face enormous risks: 
Federal health officials want to exempt intelligence agencies from medical experiment ethics rule: 
Microsoft's Stupid (design) Patent on a slider bar could mean it gets all the profits of any infringing software 
"Ripping a CD you own is illegal in the UK, and other horrifying developments in international copyright law: 
"In 2015, EFF fought for the digital rights of 2.2 million people in U.S. prisons: "Day 2 at Cyber All the Wassenaars—export controls and exploit regulations with Hall 1, 14:00 
A summer of car hacks drove home the need for security research without copyright obstacles: 
Officials pushing for security backdoors should take a hard look at this year's developments in cryptography: 
"You bought it, you own it: new DMCA exemptions safeguard users' rights to research their cars. 
Aloha! Visit EFF and Safe Harbor 2.0 at We're next to the Anarchist Village.  
"In the Middle East, it's been a hard year for those wishing to speak freely about their governments:
"We're still waiting for Aaron's Law, a way to undo some of the worst abuses of the Computer Fraud; Abuse Act: 
Join during the year end membership drive, unlock bonus grants for digital rights! 
"The CFAA is out of touch with modern technology usage, and people face decades in prison as a result. 
"In courts and on Capitol Hill, we demanded an end to mass surveillance in 2015. What's in store for 2016? 
A digital rights wish list for 2016 from 
2015 has been an interesting year for copyright law around the world. Mostly in a bad way. 
"For the first time in 39 years, Congress passed a law in 2015 to curtail domestic spying. What's next? 
"As we continue our TPP fight into the new year, let's take stock of the successes we had in 2015. 
"The Fast Track fight was pivotal in delaying the TPP, giving us a better chance to stop it in 2016. 
Creepy trackers can't keep up with Privacy Badger. 
What if you could evade online trackers with the click of a button? We're trying to make that a reality. 
"Meet Let's Encrypt: making the Web more secure, one certificate at a time. 
Join us in building a better digital future.  
Videos from Freedom to Innovate summit at explain legal threats to student innovation 
"In just the first two weeks of public availability, issued over 130,000 certificates: 
Hoping to read more EFF-y stuff in the new year? Got you covered. Some of our favorite books (and more) of 2015: 
The best and worst moments in the fight for digital rights this year: 
Hear explain how as a 19-year-old MIT sophomore she was nearly killed by state police 
Careless demand letters from the stock photo industry threaten fair use. We're helping a blogger respond: 
"Run out of time to get a gift for the geek in your life? Try EFF's donate-what-you-want SF ebook, “Pwning Tomorrow.” 
The year-end member challenge begins today. Join EFF and bring us to 2 donors (and beyond)! 
EFF tells Federal Circuit: victims of patent trolling should be allowed to use their local courts. 
"Wisconsin's lifetime GPS surveillance law is an unconstitutional
invasion of privacy. 
Proud to see and Richard Wiebe on this list! "Panopticlick 2.0 has helped 87,000 users discover how trackable their browsers are. Help us make it 100K! 
EFF tells Federal Circuit: patent troll targets should be allowed to use their local courts. What if large publishers spent less time in court and more time improving their business models? 
EFF to court: Lifetime GPS tracking violates the Fourth Amendment. 
"Appeals court buys into government stall tactics in Jewel v. NSA, but we'll keep fighting: 
Federal court strikes down overbroad permanent injunction on Internet speech 
What does EFF want to see happen in 2016? Here is our annual holiday wishlist: 
"With its changes to ""real names"", Facebook is trying to fix a fundamentally broken policy. Here's why: 
"Science fiction inoculates against dystopia. Download EFF's ebook, “Pwning Tomorrow,” today:  
"Code is speech, 2.0: EFF has weighed in on a case about 3-D design files that could be used to print gun parts. 
EFF to court: posting 3-D design files online is free speech - 
Because only Santa Claus should be watching you:  i'm happy to have a piece in this book of nerdy stories by nerds for nerds published by a nerdy advocacy org 
"Panopticlick 2.0 - how unique, and trackable, is your browser? 
A whistleblower sheds light on how police conduct mass surveillance of your mobile communications: 
Blackberry attacks Apple over strong encryption for iPhones. 
"Enhanced damages in patent suits were made to punish bad behavior, but they're often used to hurt small companies. 
"New report shows surveillance devices ""developed for military and intelligence"" but used by law enforcement 
We compare the TPP's rules on ISP liability with best practices agreed by EFF and others in the Manila Principles: 
EFF's newest tool helps you understand online tracking. Test your browser today: 
Washington state's cyberstalking statute criminalizes Internet posts that are intended to “embarrass” someone. "In principle, everyone in the world should have access to the same body of knowledge. The reality is a bit messier. 
"EFF's new fiction anthology, “Pwning Tomorrow,” features and 
The DMCA's notice and takedown system has had serious unintended consequences. Why are we exporting them in the TPP? 
Copyright lawsuits from publishers won't make people stop sharing scientific research. 
Today is the last day for U.S. recipients to get an EFF gift membership certificate by Christmas! 
Packrat: Seven years of a South American threat actor 
We had a chat with the White House about encryption. Here's everything you need to know about it: 
I was incredibly proud to be asked by to contribute to this anthology w/ more: htt…"
"""Privacy is like oxygen: You only notice when it's gone.” Excellent reporting on local surveillance from 
"We're proud to announce our new, CC-licensed SF anthology, “Pwning Tomorrow: Stories from the Electronic Frontier."" 
Matthew Keys' prosecution under the CFAA once again highlights how the law is being abused by prosecutors: 
Today is your last chance! Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Education that you support open licensing. 
Did the Dept of Justice quietly push back against FOIA reform in Congress? is suing for answers: 
"UN Special Rapporteur warns Pakistan's ""cybercrime"" Bill could lead to censorship: 
Let's keep the Grinch out of your holiday gadgets. 
"In a letter to the FBI, Sen. echoes our concerns about requiring photo proof of identity for online FOIAs: 
Boston Globe editorial board endorses a bill to ban employers/schools from demanding your social media passwords: 
Scanning private communications for copyright infringement is foolish at best and downright scary at worst. 
DEA admits that it has stopped mass collecting Americans' international call records and destroyed the database  will teach you how to appeal when social media networks suspend your accounts: 
"Sistemas de vigilancia en Colombia al descubierto, por 
"U.S. v. Warshak turns 5 today! Email is covered by the 4th Amendment. 
When will Congress pass ECPA reform? 
"Today, EFF and declare victory in our lawsuit over DEA mass surveillance: 
What do you get for that privacy, free speech supporter in your life? An EFF gift membership of course: 
"The Washington Post highlights four of the worst “Stupid Patents of the Month,” identified by EFF in 2015: 
Watch EFF legal fellow explain IP blocking and the CFAA before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals: 
Kazakhstan considers a plan to spy on all Internet traffic: 
Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the “Internet Day of Protest” against the Communications Decency Act. 
Disney doubles down on Star Wars action figure DMCA takedown: We are thrilled to announce Shari Steele as Tor's new Executive Director!  
"Answers to the 21 most frequently asked questions about cell-site simulators, like the Stingray and Dirt Box: 
"Prosecutions are falling apart because of illegal DEA wiretaps out of Riverside, CA, reports: 
Give the gift of security: walk your family through our Surveillance Self-Defense starter pack over the holidays. 
Haphazard censorship stifles an already-shaken Bangladesh: 
EFF and joined forces to launch Save Crypto. Now we need you to tell Obama why encryption matters: 
Rep Zoe Lofgren is asking DHS for more info about the agency pressuring a public library to shut down its Tor relay 
.and urge Syrian authorities to release free culture pioneer Bassel Khartabil. 
Cell-site simulators are a serious threat to privacy, security. Check out EFF's new resource page to learn more: 
"The FBI wants to undermine encryption in a way that would ""weaken online security for everyone."" 
Ever wondered why so few video games have loading screen mini-games? Blame software patents.  
Companies that offer end-to-end encryption shouldn't be told to change their “business models” 
FBI Director Comey says compromising encryption is just a “business model question.” He's wrong: 
"We all know TPP's bad for digital rights, but how would it impact you specifically? We've made a list: Amazing milestone: over a billion works openly licensed under licenses. "Weak encryption makes us all less secure. The White House responds to our petition, and needs to hear from you. 
Civil agencies are blocking email privacy reform says our own 
The TPP harms innovators and online business owners. Here are some of the ways: 
EFF argues in favor of strong limits on the overbroad CFAA in Facebook v. Power Ventures hearing this Wednesday. 
Could a left-field suggestion at the United Nations make it easier for innovators to offer content globally online? 
Our DMCA win for car repair is one small step. Support Apollo 1201: a mission to end DRM.  
The TPP locks down so many backward digital policies. Check out this list to see how they'll affect you: 
"So thinks spying on students without asking permission first is
OK. At least gets it 
We've met our match goal in the Power Up campaign! But you can still support EFF and get a member gift today: 
"A: This digital rights group is absolutely stoked to be an answer on Jeopardy tonight.
Q: What is EFF?"
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Education that you believe in open education. 
Watch the full panel from Def Con 23 featuring EFF's Peter Eckersley and 
Russian civil society asks US-based Internet companies not to move their user data into Russia: 
Did your kid bring home a school-issued Chromebook? Here's a step-by-step guide to adjusting the privacy settings: 
We need to defend hard-fought privacy safeguards in CISA. 
Learn how an obscure loophole helped patent trolls force defendants to settle out of court. 
Copyright takedowns are used to silence speech. See some of the worst of the worst in our Hall of Shame: 
Uruguay: Nos vemos este jueves 10 para hablar de Privacidad y Vigilancia en la era digital junto a from is giving a talk about digital privacy! 
.please stand strong on cyber. You're our last hope against attempts to undermine privacy: 
The patent that gave us 20 years of boring videogame loading screens just expired.  We shouldn't have to upload our photo IDs for faster FOIA processing from the Donate to Power Up to double your impact and qualify for the charity drive!  
Thanks to the 560 supporters of our Power Up fundraising campaign! Join them and get a match for donating to EFF: 
Power up your weekend! Become an EFF member and get a bonus match for your donation:  
"The patent on loading screen mini-games has finally expired, but why was it granted in the first place? 
The best way to eat an  cookie is to feed it to Hey Googlers! Get a 3X donation match to EFF today. Stop by Heritage Cafe in 1950 at MTV or go/givingweek to find out more.
Only in the world of patent litigation does an obscure government form take precedence over a Supreme Court ruling. Give today and power up your donation with a one-to-one match! 
Would you like to know your car's embedded software has been independently reviewed? The TPP could outlaw that: 
Wanted dead or alive: security vulnerabilities in the Client beta. Reward if found. Good news for cybersecurity! available to the public today  
"Court in 'cannibal cop' case agreed with EFF: it's not a federal crime to break your company's computer policy: 
TPP is a toxic deal. Tell Congress to oppose it and defend our digital rights: 
Seven steps to start protecting your online privacy: 
Here's our guide to tracking government projects using  
"Announcing EFF's Security Vulnerability Disclosure Program: find a security bug in our software, get a reward. 
We're in Costa Rica for the release of 4 papers on surveillance in Central America by Fundacion Acceso. Watch live: 
"Hey with FOIA, it's the public who gets to ask “papers please,” not the other way around. 
How the TPP would place your security and safety at risk by outlawing mandatory source code audits: 
"As of this morning, anyone can encrypt their website using Let's
Encrypt, a free, automated certificate authority: 
Learn how an obscure government form helped patent trolls force defendants to settle out of court. 
"Double the impact, double the fun! Donate to EFF's Power Up today, and your gift gets matched. 
We just hit the halfway mark in our Power Up drive! Donate to EFF today and your gift will get an automatic match: 
Learn how an obscure government form helped patent trolls force defendants to settle out of court. 
Let's Encrypt will enter Public Beta tomorrow morning. Encrypting your website will be quick and free: 
"Tell the U.S. Department of Education: when the public pays for materials, the public should be allowed to use them. 
It isn't just Chrome Sync, Google is building ad profiles on students' activity on non-educational Google services. 
Only in the world of patent litigation does a Microsoft Word template get precedence over a Supreme Court ruling. 
We're investigating school-issued digital devices. Please take our survey and send to parents you may know: 
Bodycams won't improve accountability if police are allowed to control access to footage of critical incidents: 
Is collecting too much data about your kid at school? Here's what you can do: 
"Our strategy against TPP:
1) Call on Congress to reject it
2) Turn it into a household name for bad digital policy
.explains why you can't fix education without fixing copyright. 
Federal appeals court rules that sheriff's threats against credit card companies violate the First Amendment 
Join EFF's Power Up Your Donation campaign for a one-to-one match today!  
The TPP negotiations have ended but the fight to stop it is far from over. Here's how we're going to defeat it: 
"First-ever complete unmasking of FBI national security letter shows scope of spying, need for NSL challenges:
Volume 4.0 of Digital Citizen features a discussion on refugees and technology:  
"South Africa's new proposed cybercrime law treats online offenses more seriously than those committed offline: 
"Google isn't a school official, so why does it have access to school records? 
"Censorship, surveillance, and data retention: Pakistan's terrible new cyber-crime bill has it all: 
"Google is data mining schoolchildren's personal information--a clear violation of its privacy commitments: 
Join the Power Up campaign for digital rights and get a match for your donation! 
South Africa is planning a cybercrime law that would endanger legitimate security researchers: 
"This give the cyber gift of cyber membership with the nonprofit dedicated to your cyber rights: 
Pakistan's new electronic crimes bill has been called the worst cyber-crime law in the world. Here's why: 
The USA Freedom Act's changes to NSA surveillance have gone into effect. Here's what that means so far: 
The Department of Education has extended its deadline. Sign our petition by Dec 16 to support open education. 
"Here's a fun argument that the history of DRM stretches back 3000 years. In our view, that's 3000 years too long. 
Hey Googlers! It's Giving Week and you can get a 3X donation match to EFF today. Stop by Go! at MTV or go/give to find out more.
HR 699 would update archaic rules about email privacy. Tomorrow it has a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee: An election season must-read: new paper on “Trends in Voter Surveillance in Western Societies.” 
 offers a guide to appealing content takedowns across six major social media sites: 
Today is your last chance! Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Education that you support open licensing. 
Backdoors have been discovered in Arris cable modems. This is why we need a security research exemption to the DMCA. 
"We're thankful that tools like Tor, Privacy Badger, and  Everywhere can help you reclaim your digital privacy."
We're thankful for the efforts of grassroots activists around the country challenging street level surveillance by police.
We're thankful for all our colleagues fighting for their digital rights around the world.
We're thankful for the thousands of friends who support technologists imprisoned for their work. 
"We're thankful for CalECPA, which requires a warrant before CA cops can access private electronic information. 
We're for the technology companies that stand up to unconstitutional surveillance demands and put users' privacy first.
"We're thankful for prolific FOIA-filers, like and everyone at We are thankful for the growing number of websites respecting our Do Not Track policy: 
".serves up so many cookies, barely has room for pumpkin pie.  
"Censorship powers, data retention, and vague hacking crimes: Pakistan's terrible cybercrime bill has it all: 
"While Bangladesh blocks social messaging apps, locals are turning to Tor and Twitter: 
"You've heard recent news about Securus, the prison phone service. It's also the proud owner of a very stupid patent. 
San Diego County has doubled the number of facial recognition devices officers use in the field since 2013: 
We are more secure when we have better locks. It's nonsense for FBI to suggest the opposite. 
"Free software on routers can be more powerful and secure. Fortunately, FCC has clarified this rule won't target it. "Dell is the new Lenovo, preinstalling a root certificate that makes  vulnerable to attacks: Walmart's global security team monitored social media for info about protests—with help from Lockheed Martin: 
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Education that open licensing matters. 
"New EFF Cadet Hats are here, and they're perfect for your big melon.  
Prison phone company Securus wins our Stupid Patent of the Month award with a patent on asking people to pay a bill. """I've come to see encryption as the natural extension a computer scientist can give a democracy"" says 
Pakistan's terrible cybercrime bill will be rushed through Parliament soon. Tell lawmakers just how bad it is: 
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Education that you believe in open education. 
"We agree, Senator weakening encryption won't make Americans safer. 
"From the archives: Two years ago, Twitter enabled forward secrecy 
The Consumer Review Freedom Act is ready for debate in the Senate. We think it's a good bill with a few bugs to fix. 
""The best winter I ever spent was a summer internship - Mark Twain. Apply now! 
Copyright takedown notices can be baffling. Watch this political ad and see if you can guess why it was taken down. 
"Hundreds protested TPP in the U.S. Capitol this week, urging Congress not to export our broken copyright system. 
We took it to the streets of Washington D.C. this week to protest the TPP:  
Europe's new data protection law has a hidden flaw: a takedown process that's worse than the DMCA: 
"Everyone agrees: The ""staggering concentration"" of patent cases in just a few courts is bad for the patent system 
"Europe will soon adopt a powerful new data protection regulation, but it could do unintended harm to free expression 
"Yesterday, we used public comment to hammer a CA police committee for ignoring database abuse. Read our report: 
Government officials should know better than to jump to conclusions before the facts are in. 
A deal signed by Israel and the Palestinian Authority finally allows Palestinians access to 3G: 
Reports of censorship on social media wanted! Check out new project  (
"Tell the U.S. Department of Education: when the public pays for materials, the public should be allowed to use them. The TPP rule that outlaws governments from demanding crypto keys won't do a thing to protect your right to encrypt. Movie studios back off of grab in the MovieTube case...a bit. 
Hollywood Reporter nominates a South Park fair use case as most influential copyright decision of the last 5 years 
The White House claims TPP protects companies' use of encryption and safeguards our free expression. Don't buy it. 
"The case for patent reform, by How a system meant to encourage innovation could instead stifle it: 
"He may not work here any more, but we still think is the best thing since sliced bread 
POW! New EFF Electric Fist Hoodies are available as member gifts and also in the shop:  
YouTube's new Fair Use Protection Program is a big step forward in platforms standing up for their users: 
"Cards Against Humanity is supporting EFF with sales of the ""World Wide Web Pack"" developed live in this reddit AMA: 
"YouTube's fair use defense funding for creators is welcome counterbalance to takedown intimidation:
"California's police databases have been abused 389 times since 2010, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. 
Scanning private communications for copyright infringement is foolish at best and downright scary at worst. 
"Today, EFF; launch  (a platform tracking censorship on social media platforms"
"Harvard's Jonathan Zittrain explains why regulating crypto will break the Internet. Hope John McCain is listening. 
"Baseless calls to expand surveillance fit a familiar, cynical pattern. 
".calls out ""gov officials exploiting tragedy for their own ends"" 
Intelligence failures in Paris show the limits of the mass surveillance Panopticon. 
New report rates Peruvian ISPs: Who defends your data?: 
New comments from EFF and Public Knowledge lay out fixes the Patent Office should make: 
In Lima? Join us and tonight as we launch the Peruvian version of our Who Has Your Back report: 
The Department of Education is considering a rule to make education a lot more accessible. Tell them you support it. 
Misuse of California's law enforcement database network has doubled since 2010. Where's the oversight? "Tomorrow, 7 activists will be put on trial in Morocco. The charges must be dropped 
A shameful copyright move could keep Anne Frank's diary out of the public domain. explains: 
"Email trackers dogging you? has tips and tricks to lose them from EFF's 
"Two years ago today, EFF finally obtained FISA Court opinions on NSA bulk collection of Internet metadata: 
"Calls for more surveillance a ""wretched yet predictable ritual after each new terrorist attack"" says 
Today is 34th birthday. He's spending it in prison. Learn more about his case:  Why did this political ad disappear a week before the election? 
Scanning private communications for copyright infringement is foolish at best and downright scary at worst. "Tell the U.S. Department of Education: when the public pays for materials, the public should be allowed to use them. EFF is looking for a legal secretary to help manage our nationwide legal battles for privacy and civil liberties: 
EFF tells the California Supreme Court that collecting DNA from arrestees violates the state constitution: 
Facebook's new copyright filter could make private sharing more difficult. 
"Backdoors won't protect us from terrorism suspects:
"Law students: spend your summer at EFF, working on the most interesting legal issues on the Internet! Apply now: 
Protest TPP in front of the Chamber of Commerce at 4:30. Make sure to ask for a sign! 
"What can videogame players, museums do under new rules? What's still broken? explains. 
"From Adversary to Zero Day, here's your Surveillance Self-Defense glossary: 
"Our San Francisco Techno-Activism meetup is an anti-TPP hackathon this month, 3-7pm Tuesday at 
"Our hearts are with those hurt and killed in Paris and Beirut, and with the families grieving."
"If you hate the TPP's backward copyright policies as much as we do, come march with us on Monday in DC: 
"12 years ago today, a judge ruled that a universal garage door opener didn't violate DMCA: 
"Between tracking cookies and Flash, you're better off watching tomorrow's presidential debate at your local bar. 
Privacy advocates at warn about new tech that uses ultrasonic frequencies to track users across devices 
"Facebook's transparency reports fail to answer big questions on spike in government requests, says EFF's 
Read what EFF's had to say about hypothetical future digital rights cases at Fusion's Real Future Fair: Join EFF at the San Francisco Public Library on Tuesday for an advanced workshop on end-to-end encrypted email: 
"The FCC's decision not to regulate websites in order to enforce Do Not Track is the right call, for now. 
"Birds of a feather hang out together, tonight at Come to EFF's BoF in Lincoln 3 starting at 8:30pm. 
"The Government of Kazakhstan cannot censor critical articles, Judge rules 
EFF at See at 4 PM (Dynamic Coalitions) in the Main Meeting Room Federal prosecutors in LA repeatedly told DEA they wouldn't take cases from questionable wiretaps in Riverside: 
Chat and check out some EFF swag at We're in the expo hall until 2 pm today. 
Why is Palestine still waiting for 3G? We explain: 
"EFF is at See on Hate Speech (Rm 10) and Encryption (Rm 1), and on Cybersecurity (Main)
"At we're hosting our second annual BoF session, a great chance to hang out with like-minded folks! 
"USA Today has a huge scoop on DEA's massive number of questionable wiretaps out of Riverside, CA: 
"We're at with a booth in the expo hall. Come by to talk digital rights with our team! 
"When it comes to police body cameras, ""accountability is not automatic."" scores body cam policies: 
4 takeaways from the Congressional copyright reform committee's visit to Silicon Valley: 
"How police use mobile biometric tech in Los Angeles, Marin, Orange, Santa Clara, and San Diego counties: 
Here's the latest chapter in our litigative saga to reveal how and when the NSA discloses zero-day vulnerabilities: 
"If you're in DC on Monday, join us to protest the TPP and other toxic anti-user trade deals: 
Kayak lawyer explains how patent trolls slow innovation and job creation. 
"RIM founder argues TPP is the ""worst public policy decision"" in Canada's history and has failed future innovators: 
"Four years ago today, journalist Eskinder Nega was charged under Ethiopia's anti-terror laws. Read about his case: 
"Whether you're on Windows, Mac, or Linux, we've got tips for securing your digital communications: 
Shopping for the holidays? Don't browse without to block marketers from tracking you: 
A win for the open Internet: the Federal Circuit just ruled that an obscure trade court can't regulate data. Today's Google doodle honors Hedy Lamarr. Here's the press release from when we gave her a Pioneer Award in 1997: 
We're not letting Google off the hook for the Android vulnerabilities introduced by Baidu: 
"Today, a federal judge ruled that 20 days of NSA's unconstitutional phone records surveillance is 20 days too long:"When it comes to exploiting zero days, the government is still playing games: 
EFF's Cindy Cohn speaks with journalist about the future of privacy at the Real Future Fair. 
"Amicus brief from says pressure on
intermediaries from sheriff = censorship 
"Facebook's changes to its name policy are progress, not perfection. EFF's take: Follow along with EFF and as we track 100s of public records requests about mobile biometric technology 
Here's how is different from other online ad blockers: 
Law professor explains why fair use should be a global standard: 
Should celebrities have veto power over creative works about them? EFF: Hack for a better world this weekend!  "TPP's final text confirms it. An undemocratic process leads to rotten rules that trample our rights:
Our San Francisco Speakeasy is tonight!  
EFF to Supreme Court: celebrities shouldn't be able to veto creative works about them. 
Ridiculous copyright terms threaten to wipe out a century of journalistic history. in Techdirt: 
What's scariest about the final TPP text? It empowers companies to sue nations for passing new user protections: 
"Come for the robot petting zoo, stay for EFF's talks on privacy this weekend at the Real Future Fair in SF "From threat modeling to encryption, here are 10 lessons in security for journalism students: 
"Monday in Los Angeles, join EFF attorney for a panel on 1984 and modern surveillance: 
That cellphone a cop is carrying might actually be a biometric identification device. 
"This weekend, hack for a better world at the annual Aaron Swartz Day hackathon. In SF and around the world: 
Complete official text of the TPP is finally released after 5 years of secret talks. It's worse than we thought: 
What is LTE-U and how will it affect Wi-Fi? That's something we'd all like to know: 
Can a click-through agreement take away your freedom of speech? 
US Department of Education proposes a new rule requiring an open license on all grant-funded materials. 
Complete finalized text of the TPP was finally released by New Zealand. Stay tuned for our analysis. 
"Find out which CA agencies use biometric tech to match fingerprints, faces, and tattoos, and want irises next. 
"Batten down the hatches, Wi-Fi fans. Telcos want to bring LTE to the unlicensed spectrum and may not play nice: 
Good news in an update to our post about the .xyz registry's proposal to block domains for the Chinese government: 
Justice enthusiasts unite! EFF's Bay Area member Speakeasy is tomorrow night. 
EFF, filed records requests across California for police use of biometric tech. Here's what we learned: 
"Nice move, Now Firefox users can have even more privacy when using private browsing mode: 
"Here are the biometric gadgets California cops are using to scan your face, fingerprints, and more: 
Privacy win! ships Tracking Protection for Firefox in private browsing mode. 
How well do global Net companies protect their users? launches their first accountability index: 
In DC during the week of November 16? Join us and take action against secret anti-user deals like the TPP: 
Join EFF at Real Future Fair in San Francisco this Friday and Saturday for panels and practical security tips. 
This Thursday: Bay Area member meetup. Now with bonus DMCA exemptions! 
"Can you sign away your freedom of speech by clicking ""I agree""? We think not. 
Appeals court refuses request to immediately halt NSA's telephone records program EFF's discusses Facebook and censorship on latest podcast: 
Voting tomorrow in San Francisco? Here's why EFF supports Proposition E: 
"Is true digital privacy possible? Dragnet Nation author says EFF's Privacy Badger helps: 
EFF client speaks out for victims of illegal wiretapping by governments: 
Transparency guru Terry Francke of explains why San Franciscans should support Prop. E tomorrow: 
"Our founding fathers were early users of encryption. Let's save cryptography, a tool for everyone: We think crypto is for everyone. The founders of the USA agreed. That's why they used 18th century encryption: 
Happy Halloween! Think wearing a mask is enough to keep you safe from surveillance? Not anymore: 
Going out in costume tonight? You're still visible. Here are 6 spooky ways law enforcement is watching you. 
Crypto is for everyone. American history proves it. 
Surveillance is online and offline. From the moment you leave your house you're being spied on. Here's how: 
Unfair procedural rules make one jurisdiction in Texas a haven for patent trolls. It's time to put an end to it. 
TPP's 20 year copyright term extension is an unconstitutional limit on Canadians' right to free expression: 
"Facebook announces enforcement changes to its ""real names"" policy in response to the Nameless Coalition: 
"Even in costume, you're never completely hidden. Here are 6 spooky ways law enforcement is watching you. 
Is storing fishing data on a computer a patentable invention? Go fish. 
The Tanzanian cybercrime bill is being used to stifle free expression leading up to presidential elections: 
We joined and 31 other organizations in calling on Turkey to respect free expression online 
Victory: State Department decides not to classify “cyber products” as “munitions.” 
Unfair procedural rules make one jurisdiction in Texas a haven for patent trolls. It's time to shut it down. 
Our Bay Area member meetup is next week! Check your inbox for details: 
What happens when patent trolls can decide what jurisdiction to sue in? The Eastern District of Texas happens. 
Remember the first Crypto Wars? Here's a from our graphics archives: 
The European Parliament  is calling on EU member states to drop all criminal charges against Edward 
"Watch yesterday's oral argument in Jewel v. NSA, our long-running lawsuit against mass surveillance 
"“Privacy policies” are often misnomers, says. They're explanations of the privacy you don't have. 
"Court decisions in Australia and Brazil, and legislative moves in Europe, bear bad tidings for Internet users: 
"Latest podcast covers Computer Fraud; Abuse Act, which “makes totally mundane online behavior illegal."" 
"The EFF legal team argued against the government's delay tactics today in Jewel v. NSA, our flagship NSA spying case "Today we're urging the 9th Cir. to allow Jewel v. NSA to go forward. Hearing starting now, and streaming online: 
Making a Halloween costume? TPP could muddy the already murky copyright waters around fan art and cosplay in Canada 
"Yesterday, we changed our profile photo to one of Here's why:  "The Library of Congress granted many of EFF's DRM-circumvention requests, for car research, jailbreaking, and more 
EFF identified dozens of license plate readers with insufficient security (and many with no protection at all) 
"White House: the clock is ticking for you to respond to the petition to save crypto: 
Civil society asked the USTR to commit to release texts of trade agreements. They decided to ignore us: 
"EFF investigation finds that license plate readers in CA, LA, and FL were openly accessible online: 
"Today's debate will include one of the activists working with to fight this unfair policy.  
"The latest U.S. commitments on trade transparency aren't really new, and don't address the critical problems:"Your move,  
Wondering if your senator was among the 74 to vote against privacy and security today? CISA vote online here: 
"The passage of CISA today by 74-21 shows just how badly Congress misunderstands technology, security, and privacy: 
BREAKING: Cyberspying bill CISA passes Senate by a vote of 74-21. Next, it goes to a conference committee between the House an…"
"Even this good news on new DRM exemptions highlights ""the absurdity of the process,"" explains 
Senate has resumed debate on CISA and a final vote could happen at any moment. Follow for updates. 
"Net neutrality is now set to be EU law, but today's vote missed the opportunity to make it clearer and better: .on today's exemption rulings, the broken process  
New exemptions to the DMCA's DRM rules were granted today. Here's a deeper dive into what EFF got: 
Debate on the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act has resumed in the Senate. Watch live: "EFF wins petition to allow tinkering with car software, phone and tablet jailbreaking, DVD ripping, and more: 
"We did it! 100,000 people standing against compelled backdoors. 
"""Hope, like despair, is treason."" - Alaa, and Ahmed Abdelrahman have spent one year in Egypt's Tora prison 
"""No justice, no peace..."" - Alaa has fought tirelessly for Egypt's freedom for years 
"The Zone 9 bloggers are free, but Ethiopia is still arresting people just for learning about digital security: "Los Angeles license plate reader data should be available for public scrutiny, EFF tells court: 
Add the IRS to the list of federal agencies using Stingrays to monitor mobile phone data. 
Have a few minutes, going to hop onto CISA AMA and answer a few Qs  Today marks one year since Egyptian activist Alaa Abd El Fattah was imprisoned. Learn more about Alaa:  """Even security giant Symantec refuses to support"" CISA. The 83 Senators who voted to advance it need to reconsider: 
researchers. The original:  
Big win for open access: University of California expands its open access policy to cover all UC staff's research. "EFF to court: Californians' prescription drug records are private, off-limits to police without judge's OK:
"Join and for a AMA on the cyberspying bill CISA: 
"Stand up for your right to strong encryption. We have three more days to collect 100,000 signatures. 
"At 10am PT, join EFF,; special guests for a AMA on the cyberspying bill CISA."
Today at 1:30 EFF's Noah Swartz tells how our plucky Privacy Badger thwarts online tracking:  Don't settle for Net Neutrality Lite in Europe. Tell your MEP: amend Europe's Net Neutrality regulation. New EULA harm: the government says Apple's software licenses mean it can be compelled to unlock an iPhone 
Tune into right now to hear Robyn Greene on the the awful cybersurveillance bill CISA. 
"90,000 people have spoken out against compelled backdoors. Help us get to 100,000: 
"Help us, You're our only hope…to block  tracking cookies 
EFF Cadet Hats are back: bigger and better than ever for the cranially gifted!  
Surveillance trade show in Mexico raises concerns about Latin America's unenforced privacy protections: 
UN free speech watchdog calls upon governments to encourage public exposure of wrongdoing: 
"Shame on Mayor Kevin Johnson for suing because they ""stubbornly refused"" to drop a records request. 
"If you work in law enforcement oversight, you should watch for how police are using these five technologies: 
"Tell Congress: when taxpayers pay for research, everyone should have access to it.  Don't let Privacy Badger's adorable little face fool you: the critter's ferocious when it comes to online tracking 
"Do you want to protect yourself online, but don't know where to start? We've got a tutorial for you: 
Machine readability has a human side: Thanks to OA, there's a braille version of Little Brother by ht…"
EFF's joins an all-star team to think through the tough problem of online harassment for 
MIT Media Lab says it has a research position waiting for missing Syrian technologist Bassel Khartabil: 
Open access isn't just an academic issue. It's a human rights issue.  Requiring judicial approval for digital searches by police prevents recurring abuses before they happen: 
"Buzzfeed is tracking how you share links over social media, but you can opt out with a single click: 
Librarian looks for research on inequality in education, most of the results are behind paywalls.  "Through a FOIA request, EFF found that seven inmates received a combined 19.5 years in solitary over a music video 
Registry plans to allow China to preemptively censor thousands of potential domain names: 
BREAKING: Senate advances terrible CISA cyber surveillance bill. 83 yes to 14 no.
"By allowing governments to block phrases from use in domains, ICANN opened the floodgates to Chinese censorship: 
"Despite rejecting a role as the Internet content police, ICANN has extended a fast-track method to suspend domains: 
"Bassel is still missing in military jail, while his open data projects are saving Syria's history from ISIS: 
Tonight the San Francisco Police Commission considers public comments on a draft bodycam policy for SFPD. Our take: 
Join at next Wednesday to learn about the fight to end mass surveillance 
".complains about ""masters of the universe"" removing his horrible CFAA amendment to CISA:  "Happy 10th birthday to the UK's digital rights defenders, Here's to your next decade of victories! 
"Apple and Google among 22 top tech companies opposed
to CISA cyber ""security"" bill, reports:
Want to see Back to the Future Part II enter the public domain? Set your flux capacitor. Seven South Carolina inmates received long solitary confinement sentences for posting a rap video online 
Shouldn't cybersecurity legislation actually make ordinary users more secure? CISA doesn't. Tell the Senate: 
EFF asks appeals court to ensure Internet users get real protection from takedown abuse. 
"The IP lobby is pushing hard for registrars to ""voluntarily"" censor domains that host allegedly infringing content: 
The secret TPP and TISA trade agreements are bad news for open access and open source.  Tell Congress: Publicly funded research should be publicly shared research.  .Please, for the sake of don't veto the amendments on 
Is the United States' expressed support for the multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance just hot air? 
Users' victory on domain privacy is dashed by conflicting rules pushed by the U.S. into the TPP and at the OECD: 
EFF asks appeals court to ensure Internet users get real protection from takedown abuse. 
"Apple, reddit, Twitter, Salesforce, and Yelp are standing up for their users' privacy and opposing CISA. Join them 
"Apple opposes CISA: ""We don't believe security should come at the expense of [our customers'] privacy."" 
The Senate is talking cybersecurity this week. Help us defeat the cyberspying bill CISA: 
It's Open Access Week! Join on Reddit tomorrow to discuss why open access is important.  "Tell Congress: when taxpayers pay for research, everyone should have access to it.  "Now is reminding the Senate of all the companies and organizations that have come out against CISA: Salesforce, Yelp, CCIA,; more"
BREAKING: Senator Wyden on floor discussing why CISA is no good for privacy or security. Watch here: 
BREAKING: Debate on cybersecurity surveillance bill CISA begins in the Senate. Watch here: 
"At Black Hat 2013, the NSA asked for ideas to protect privacy. Vice's got all 14 through FOIA: 
Twitter is the latest tech company to oppose CISA. Thanks for standing up for your users. 
The history of Eskimo Pie says a lot about how software patents can get in the way of innovation.  via 20 civil liberties orgs including warn against amdt. 
I stand with them 
"In a huge leap forward for encrypting the web, Let's Encrypt certificates are now trusted by all major browsers. 
"EFF is at this week, speaking out against anti-user policies driven by LEA and IP lobbyists: 
"84,437 people have taken a stand for strong crypto. Help us get to 100,000: 
"FYI, EFF's elevator is broken: if you're coming to our Tor talk at 6PM, its true location will be obscured behind three flights of stairs."
Celebrate open access in your city. Over 200 Access Week Events all over the world.  "Whether it's scientific research or lawmaking, working in the open is good for society.  ICANN claims domain registrars must publish your personal data even if doing so is illegal: 
"Tonight in San Francisco, join us for a conversation with Roger Dingledine of the 
Facebook now alerts users if it thinks their accounts are being targeted by governments: 
"Yelp, Salesforce, Computer; Communications Industry Association, and Business Software Alliance all oppose CISA: Privatizing censorship in fight against extremism is risk to | by  
We believe in fighting for our users privacy and security. That's why we oppose a bill that endangers both. htt…"
"The conditions that led to mass spying on Muslims by NYPD are ""not new. We have been down similar roads before.""  
Stick it to the man with an EFF logo or NSA Spying Eagle temporary tattoo.  Google Books decision is a victory for fair use and the public interest:  
Defend your computer against NSA attacks on cryptography 
"Facebook's ""authentic name"" policy is discriminatory and unfair. Tell Facebook it's time to get rid of it. 
"Google Books ruled ""highly transformative"" in major fair use decision 
Breaking news: big win for fair use in Author's Guild v. Google: Facebook is under extra surveillance in Tunisia these days...read more in the latest 
"They faced terrorism charges for blogging and using crypto. Today, Ethiopia's Zone 9 bloggers are finally free. 
.urges the FCC to protect low-income Americans' data. 
"Mass surveillance doesn't only happen online. Just ask the Muslims who were spied on by NYPD's ""Demographics Unit."" 
Research shows how NSA can use its computing power to read encrypted communications instead of securing the Internet 
New, renewing EFF members can expect a new bumper sticker in the mail! Also available here:  
The U.S. surveillance state goes back further than you think: check out the secret history from 
A new paper shows that the NSA spied on encrypted communications. Tell President Obama to stand up for crypto. 
Props to now police need a warrant for your data and must disclose info about surveillance tech 
It's not just EFF saying CISA isn't the solution for cybersecurity problems. statement against the bill: 
Why do patent trolls love Texas? Companies should obtain consent before tracking their users. Opt-out is not enough. 
"How EFF's Let's Encrypt project will make Web browsing safer, from and 
EFF will host the Tor Project's Roger Dingledine at the next Techno-Activism Third Monday: 
"Sen. Wyden agrees with EFF that U.S. Copyright Office shouldn't have veto power over your freedom to tinker:"Four new laws, one veto—all victories for privacy and transparency in California 
We spent hours trying to figure out what Google does with students' browsing data. It shouldn't be that hard. 
"PL215: the censoring, snooping bill that would shred Brazil's Internet Bill of Rights  "Once again, asks a court to order the entire world to block; filter an app they don't like.  The JPEG Committee is considering ways to improve image privacy and security. Adding DRM to JPEG would do neither. 
These 21 tech companies have come out unequivocally against crypto back doors. Obama should join them. Celebrate Lovelace day by applying for a paid EFF internship—because we need more diverse technologists everywhere 
"The JPEG format succeeded because it was free, open, and interoperable. Why ruin a good thing with DRM? 
"Join us in celebrating women's achievements in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics: 
"Listen to EFF researcher discuss newly signed California privacy laws on live at 12:20pm PT 
EFF is attending ICANN 54 to protect the interests of users. Our take on privacy and domain name registration: 
Your voice can make a difference. Tell to stand up for your right to security. 
Why are nearly half of U.S. patent lawsuits filed in the Eastern District of Texas? 
"If you haven't yet, take 30 seconds to sign a petition asking to come out against encryption backdoors 
How are smartphone apps collecting our data? Let's find out. 
Australia's data retention policy goes into effect today. Check out tips for dodging surveillance: 
Only a few sizes of our DEF CON Crypto Noir shirt left! Choose one when you join or renew:  
Hundreds of relays from last year's Tor Challenge are still active: 
How are US intel agencies spending your money (beyond spying on you)? 2013 infographic:  "Don't take our word for it, though! You should still manually verify fingerprints and use GPG's web of trust. 
A keyring of EFF staff GPG keys. SHA-256: 33d25f28ab0d00b0d0510f12ec59e30f9d817b2636b07d9b13780e8e3468b487 
EFF's explains why compelled backdoors in our digital communications leave us vulnerable: 
Apple v. Samsung demonstrates why the patent system needs change. White Hat hackers and tinkerers could have their devices destroyed under TPP's DRM rules. From Motherboard: 
Not all writs: Judge says DOJ can't force Apple to unlock device 
"Video: EFF's Executive Director Cindy Cohn explains how NSA spying is a ""serious encroachment of our liberty"" 
Leaks to NYTimes aren't enough. Obama should reject laws or informal agreements that undermine digital security: 
NYTimes reports that Obama is backing off attempts to force companies to build backdoors: 
At conference recounts how it took a movement to open access to publicly funded health research
"""Industry lobbying has shut down...consumer protection laws"" says on facial recognition Look out weekend! Check out the cross-platform video games in Humble Indie Bundle 15, support EFF's work: 
The leaked TPP IP chapter reveals how negotiators have caved to Hollywood demands and betrayed Internet users. "Ninth Circuit decision holding yoga uncopyrightable also shows why Oracle v. Google was wrong
Our analysis of today's leaked TPP IP chapter confirms our worst fears. It's a bad deal through and through. 
Don't wait to improve your security. Learn how to create strong passwords today.  
CFAA keeps getting abused by overzealous prosecutors. Tell Congress not to make it even worse: 
It's not about something to hide. It's about something to lose. It's time to fight, internet.  "Leaked TPP text shows trade officials caved to Hollywood, agreeing to a 20-year copyright term extension and weak user protections."
"The CFAA is broken. The dubious ""damage"" calculation in prosecution of journalist Matthew Keys shows how: 
Wikileaks has released the current version of the TPP Intellectual Property chapter. We're analyzing it now: 
"Facebook's name policy isn't just unfair, it's ""akin to profiling, a social media equivalent of stop-and-frisk."" Hey these 21 tech companies came out unequivocally against crypto back doors. So should you. 
"BREAKING: Obama rejects laws mandating backdoors in our communications, but doesn't go nearly far enough: 
"The final TPP text is still secret, but based on what we know so far it's a terrible deal for digital rights: "BREAKING: Victory! signs CalECPA, guaranteeing warrant protection for digital records in California Down to the wire: has until Sunday to sign SB 178 to require a warrant for data. Email him now: "Un mensaje para Siria: Revelen el paradero de Bassel Khartabil"50,000 people have taken a stand for strong crypto. Help us get to 100,000: 
"We're half way there! 50,000 people have taken a stand for strong crypto. Help us get to 100,000: 
Yikes. Verizon plans to start sharing user data with the AOL advertising network. 
"Hillary Clinton has come out against TPP. This is a big blow to Obama, and puts pressure on Congress to reject it. 
"We've had our differences with ex-NSA director Hayden, but even he thinks encryption back doors are a bad idea:
 We just delivered 48k messages from supporters urging to bring CA privacy law to digital age 
Here's how the return of Twitter CEO could help the company return to its free expression roots 
Apollo 1201: we have lift-off! Support EFF and in our fight against DRM.  "Dear if you only personally read one item about CalECPA, this should be it: 
Teledildonics patent troll backs down from lawsuit against Kickstarter  via "Former NSA chief strongly disagrees with current NSA chief on encryption, Motherboard reports: 
"Op-ed from EFF's if your business model depends on fooling customers, it deserves to fail 
"Facebook's name policy harms human rights activists, LGBTQ people, domestic violence survivors, and more. 
New Zealand confirms half the TPP countries will be forced to extend copyright term by 20 years. We have to stop it. 
Attending a protest anywhere in the U.S.? Know your rights and protect your data: 
EFF urges the California Supreme Court to review a decision that could criminalize artistic speech 
"Las negociaciones por el TPP concluyeron, pero comienza
la lucha para sepultarlo de una buena vez. [ES] 
Are you angry about the secret TPP forcing bad copyright policy on the world? Give us your protest slogan ideas: 
"How EU privacy activist won a giant victory against NSA surveillance, from 
"Do you think Facebook should get to decide whether your name is ""authentic"" enough? Neither do we: 
The FCC is proposing rules that could wipe out free software on wireless devices.  
Civilian oversight bodies should investigate police technology. Here's our primer for No Safe Harbor: How NSA surveillance undermined U.S. tech and Europeans' privacy "TPP negotiations are over, and we're stepping up the fight to stop it once and for all: San Francisco: join EFF's this Thursday for a discussion on public broadband in SF. 
Time is running out: has a week to sign a bill to end warrantless searches of data. Speak out now: 
The battle to defeat the now-final TPP begins. We want your ideas for slogans to put on our protest signs: "EFF and a broad global coalition told Facebook today that it needs to fix its ""authentic names"" policy. Join us: 
"TPP deal reached today following years of secret, corporate-captured talks. Let's get ready to kill it, ACTA-style. "¿En Guatemala? Hoy en nuestra charla ""El retorno de la guerra contra el cifrado""  via BREAKING: jailed Syrian technologist Bassel Khatabil moved to unknown location.to show the world is watching 
Tearing down CDA 230 won't help solve harassment. It will silence those fighting against it: 
Warrantless searches of electronic devices at the border violate the Fourth Amendment. Here's our brief: 
Stockton mayor's electronic devices were seized at SF airport without a warrant when returning from China 
EFF urges the California Supreme Court to review a decision that could criminalize artistic speech East Texas judge throws out 168 patent infringement cases  via Speak out in defense of strong security. Tell no backdoors in our technology.  
"Tomorrow, join EFF Exec. Dir. Cindy Cohn for ""Cyber Privacy: Who owns your information?"" at the New Yorker Festival  
Argentina's 100-year-plus copyright extension of photos would erase thousands of images from the Internet: 
"Sentenced to death for writing web software, Saeed Malekpour is Offline: Have you signed the petition telling the White House to stand up for your right to encrypt yet? There's still time: htt…
We're excited to welcome writer and activist to EFF. He'll be working to help defend innovators' rights.
Bruce Schneier: Volkswagen cheat shows a need for transparency and oversight of the software in our devices 
DHS missed something in its “Cyber Security Awareness Month” tip list: no crypto backdoors.  
Apple yanks from the App Store after the company posted a teardown of its Apple TV dev unit: 
"On Saturday join EFF'er for a panel at the San Jose Museum of Art on privacy, security,; surveillance 
"News flash (or not): mobile news site data is mostly ads, reports 
"Notorious 'Athens Affairs' shows why FBI push for backdoors in communications systems is wrong, dangerous:"Ad blockers slash load times, improve iPhone battery life, reports in 
"To defend against overreaching surveillance in Ethiopia, Surveillance Self-Defense is now available in Amharic: France's government is rushing through parliament its plans to legalize global mass surveillance: 
Prosecutors said their knowledge of encryption proved they were terrorists and took them Offline Update: will challenge redactions in government's zero day policy. Briefing schedule: 
Join EFF Attorney at the University of San Francisco Symposium on Cybersecurity on October 14! 
Society of American Archivists opposes TPP's over-restrictive copyright provisions: "Over 5,000 people have joined forces to fight against compelled backdoors in our technology. Add your voice: 
"Why we need strong encryption, from 
Grrr… found 27 potential trackers on the Interactive Advertising Bureau's home page. 
Just a friendly reminder of which companies have your back when the government comes knocking: 
"Online ad company Adzerk joins the Do Not Track coalition, enabling websites to show ads that respect DNT 
Speak out in defense of strong security. Tell no backdoors in our technology.  
The SEC is trying to undermine a long overdue update to our digital privacy laws. 
You can boost the donation EFF receives from with a vote on their ballot. Tomorrow's the final day! 
He ran Linux installfests and worked for the Arab Spring. Now Alaa is in prison and Offline:  Great to see you on Twitter We need your voice. (BTW Your QA at last week's Pioneer Awards raised the roof)
If you're a Californian who cares an iota about privacy tell to sign CalECPA 
"States push back at Stingray-loving cops, demand they come back with a warrant, reports: 
Massachusetts edges closer to requiring a warrant for cell tracking in all cases 
Canadian artists rally against bill C-51 fearing direct attacks on creative arts and free expression: “Isn't biometric authentication wonderful?” - Sarcasm from EFF's Lee Tien on using selfies to confirm taxpayer ID 
"An ""Enhanced Driver License"" puts insecure technology in your wallet. Tell to veto SB 249 
"When we covered Ecuador's DMCA abuse last year, we could only speculate that state officials were to blame: 
Too many technologists, bloggers are being taken offline by repressive governments:  
Massachusetts court requires a warrant for cell tracking but leaves a loophole 
Watch and talk about Surveillance Self-Defense for kids at 
Join EFF Executive Director Cindy Cohn for an all-star panel on privacy at the New Yorker Festival this Saturday: 
Last day of Say hi to EFF in the Maker Pavilion and talk about the latest in the fight for online rights. 
"It's here! We're at at the NY Hall of Science. Find us in the Maker Pavilion, Zone 3.  
Edward Snowden spoke to journalist for our annual Pioneer Awards. Here's their conversation: 
EFF: Fighting Dystopia Since 1990.  
The Librarian of Congress just announced he's stepping down next week. Here's what we hope to see in his successor: 
"Hey Google, Facebook, Apple, Adobe, LinkedIn workers! You gotta email about warrants for data ASAP: 
"That wraps up tonight's program. Thanks so much for following along, and for helping EFF support pioneers every day.""""is an enduring collective. Everyone who is in it, emotionally invests in it, leaves its mark on it."" """Open access was core. introduced online services to hundreds of thousands of people."" The next of the goes to Anriette Esterhuysen and organization pioneering tech issues for 25 years now.
"""I want to ask everybody here to keep these people's names in mind. Speak of them when you can."" 
The pioneer award given to received by and myself. Honored. 
"EFF's Danny O'Brien shows a project to recognize imprisoned and censored voices globally.  Eva Galperin presents with their 
"EFF's Eva Galperin: ""What Citizen Lab provided us with were the facts. They gave us the data. The whole data."" "Caspar's wife Sandi: ""Privacy was his cause… his mission. I encourage everyone here to continue the fight that he started."" "Tor's Roger Dingledine notes Caspar Bowden recognized ""human rights shouldn't be about what country you're from."" 
"Cindy Cohn: ""For a long time, I thought of Caspar as the guy who yelled at me for not being bold enough on EFF's positions."" "EFF's Cindy Cohn: ""Caspar was without parallel as a privacy advocate…He started out, like me, in the Crypto Wars of the 90s."" "Snowden: ""I've been working every day on the cause of privacy and digital rights, the broader goal of a free, open Internet."" "Snowden: ""Whistleblowers are elected by circumstance. More critical than who you are is what you see."" "Q from ""What advice do you have for would-be whistleblowers?"" A from Snowden: ""Think it through."" "Snowden: ""What we do have on our side is truth. We work with people who understand how this impacts their lives."" "Snowden: ""People who really care about the measure of liberty … are starting to get a little bit stronger."" """…of self-immolation that only comes every few years."" 2/2"
"Snowden: We must ""put forth strong and reliable whistleblowing protections, so that you don't have to hope it's this extraordinary act…"" 1/2"
"Snowden: ""Internet companies are beginning to go, 'How do we make sure we're working *for* our customers, not against them?'""'Industry is both an ally and an adversary' addressing the 24th 
"Snowden: ""When the press puts pressure on the government… the government has to respond."" Now we turn to a QA video with and whistleblower Edward Snowden. "Journalist ""When Snowden came on the scene…NSA was impenetrable. Snowden showed us…and it was such a brave act."" "Our next few tweets will be from the our annual celebration of leaders on the electronic frontier. 
Tonight we're honoring the work of some amazing pioneers on the digital frontier!  "A leaked Obama administration memo calls widespread availability of strong crypto a ""challenge."" 
We call it a win. 
"Tonight we're excited to celebrate Internet champs, privacy advocates,; malware hunters, with help from Ed Snowden: 
North Carolina's anti-bullying law violates the First Amendment "The ""Happy Birthday"" case is a big win for our common culture—but also highlights a broken system that needs fixing. "Is your patent troll smarter than a 5th grader? This one disputes the definition of ""integers"": 
"Technologists and bloggers face arrest, detention and torture: their stories are Offline  
Care about digital privacy in California? Tell to sign CalECPA today: Eben Moglen: If source code was available to read, they wouldn't consider the cheat. 
Latest NSA FOIA disclosure shows national security classification misused to protect reputations not security 
Do you know a student tinkerer or hacker concerned about legal threats? Invite them to join us at 
"What can we learn from the ""Happy Birthday"" case? For one thing: copyright terms are way, way, way too long. 
"Read on shady deals between the USTR and big tech in the TISA trade negotiations, exposed in EFF FOIA docs: 
EFF tells North Carolina Supreme Court to throw out state anti-bullying law for violating the First Amendment. 
The shape of the internet, according to patent drawings:  
"If listens to his own advice from 1982, he'll sign CalECPA into law: 
Thanks to all the Internet engineers who helped us explain that openness is key to how the Internet works 
"Eight decades later, the bogus copyright claim to ""Happy Birthday"" has been busted. 
Don't let your employer force you to put a chip in your pocket. Tell to veto SB 249: 
"Tomorrow night! Salute digital pioneers Citizen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen and APC, Kathy Sierra, and Caspar Bowden. 
"The government shouldn't collect biometric info for non-criminal purposes, then use it for criminal purposes. 
The first Digital Rights Campaign launched in Palestine in an effort to promote digital rights in the country: 
An open letter to privacy can be your legacy: EFF Urges State Appeals Court to Protect Twitter Parodies 
The 13 heroes and villains of the 13 Necessary and Proportionate Principles on surveillance: 
"Sorry South Africa, but ""cybercrime"" should not include a kid who shares a copyrighted video on social media: 
Want to know if cops use biometrics like iris recognition in your town? File a public records act request today: 
"Parodies are protected by the First Amendment, regardless of whether they're on Twitter: 
EFF Executive Director Cindy Cohn discusses US vs. EU privacy protections with 
"The war against sharing marches on in South Africa, where even uploading even a single file could become a crime: 
"EFF to state court of appeals: Twitter parodies are due the same
protection as parodies anywhere else. 
EFF urges court to OK net neutrality rules that protect online speech: "In a first, Certificate Transparency catches Symantec forging EV cert for Google 
Say hi to EFF at World Maker Faire! is this weekend at the New York Hall of Science in Queens: 
"Soldiers from Burkina Faso's coup are destroying its Internet infrastructure, says US Embassy: 
We call on trade officials to put strong user safeguards into TPP to counteract harms from strict copyright rules: 
SEC is staging a power grab in negotiations over the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. Speak out now: 
EFF will discuss our 13 Principles to restrict unchecked surveillance tomorrow at the meeting. 
"This week: EFF celebrates internet champs, privacy advocates, malware hunters,; Ed Snowden:  
Are you an academic researcher? Learn the best ways to minimize harm in the conduct of your research: 
Attending report on FBI biometrics is a must read:  and also 
New FOIA documents from New York Times show twisted legal justifications for mass spying.  
FBI plans to collect face images and fingerprints in the field revealed in part 2 of our FBI biometrics report 
LAPD has shown it can't manage body cameras responsibly. shouldn't fund one more lens. 
FBI merges civil and criminal fingerprints into a searchable database. Part 1 of our deep dive into FBI biometrics: 
Posting to social media continues to be risky business in the Middle East. Read more in the latest 
CPJ signs on to on Intermediary Liability, an important due process pledge.  ht…"
We're glad the Court of Appeals didn't throw out an important shield for patent defendants: 
In San Francisco? Hear talk on sockpuppets and security at Techno-Activism Third Monday: 
Iranian technologist Arash Zad has been missing for over a month after his arrest at Tehran airport: 
"A new law would give France's intelligence services carte blanche to spy on the world, NSA-style: 
EFF to DOJ: no taxpayer money for LAPD to hide bodycam footage from the public: 
Brasil: Querem acesso a todos os seus dados sem ordem judicial. Reaja! 
Know any student hackers concerned about legal threats to tinkering? Join us at MIT on 10/10: "Personal Audio will appeal the decision invalidating its infamous ""Podcasting Patent"" 
EFF Pioneer Kathy Sierra has devoted 20 years to urging others to create more humane software and online services. 
Good news from a federal appeals court: one of the long-recognized defenses against patent lawsuits lives on. 
"Happy Constitution Day from From protecting free speech to fighting mass spying, we've got your back."
Court rejects the effort by a part-owner of the Miami Heat to use copyright to censor a critic: 
"59 law professors sign letter supporting bill to protect Americans
from lawsuits that suppress speech 
Available now: limited supply of DEF CON 23 Crypto Noir puzzle t-shirts. Join or renew today!  
"Tinkering isn't a crime, but it's not only officials in Irving who act like it is: 
"Next week's Pioneer Awards event features Internet champs, privacy advocates, malware hunters, and Ed Snowden: 
"Why no love for SSL, 
Good to see praise innovation instead of stifling it:  How about fixing the law? 
Read and explain how a small-town public library managed to take on DHS and run a Tor node: 
We're one step closer to encrypting the entire Web: 
Hey Utah requires a warrant for emails and locational data. It's time for California to catch up: 
Ecuador: Carta de organizaciones internacionales contra la vigilancia sin controles 
On 9/24 we honor Pioneers for exposing the role surveillance, malware play in int'l human rights abuse. 
Making clocks is not a crime: 
Big news: the Kilton Library will bring its Tor node back online! Thanks to everybody who supported this effort. 
Tor supporters are taking part in the meeting tonight. Background: 
We honor Pioneers Anriette Esterhuysen, for bringing communications tech to social justice activists. 
Let's end warrantless searches of digital records in California! Tell to sign S.B. 178 (CalECPA) 
"More on yesterday's ""Dancing Baby"" court win. Big day for fair use: 
Think you have nothing to hide? You're wrong. Here's why: 
Time to celebrate: issued its first certificate. "Big fair use win in ""dancing baby"" lawsuit! Thanks to the EFF members who make it possible.  
Going to So is EFF! Join us Saturday to learn about surveillance and get practical privacy tips. "Celebrate the 2015 Pioneers with drinks, bytes, and a special presentation with Ed Snowden.  
The TPP's tough language on trade secrets just won't work in countries without a First Amendment: 
TPP's conclusion looms as trade negotiators furiously work behind the scenes to finish off the deal. 
One day left to sign a statement of support for the small-town library facing DHS intimidation for its Tor node: 
California drivers: don't let the DMV put a chip in your wallet. Tell to veto SB 249 
Important win for fair use in 'Dancing Baby' lawsuit: 
This week the European Union considers tough new trade secret laws that could ensnare whistleblowers and journalists 
EFF's explores mass surveillance through art at the Pacific Felt Factory.  
"When it comes to basic security practices, is dragging its feet: 
EFF asks courts to end government charade of denying major telephone companies' involvement in NSA spying 
Today's Stop Urban Shield day of action opposes unfettered law enforcement militarization, surveillance: 
EFF will host a conversation with and Edward Snowden at the Sept. 24th Pioneer Awards in San Francisco. 
EFF is fighting a dangerous expansion of copyright law. 
Tell It's time for real security on the site. Support  Clock's ticking for to sign CalECPA. Tell him Californians deserve warrant protection for their data: 
The Department of Homeland Security is trying to shake one library's plan to run a Tor relay: 
EFF pushes back against a state law music copyright expansion in California: 
California's computer privacy laws require a critical update. Tell to sign S.B. 178: 
Stop Urban Shield coalition to lawmakers: stop hosting a surveillance, military tech showcase in our community.  
"EFF to court: Make feds get a warrant to search smartphones, laptops at borders: 
Join us in honoring privacy rights visionary Caspar Bowden with a posthumous Pioneer Award.  
EFF asks NJ Supreme Court to uphold the state's commitment to privacy and require warrants for phone billing records Libraries should be free to protect privacy and run Tor nodes. Stand up to government pressure against Tor. 
Libraries should be free to protect privacy and run Tor nodes. Stand up to government pressure against Tor: 
"New Hampshire library Tor node, the first in a national Tor-in-libraries project, goes offline after DHS contact: These anti-surveillance cosplayers are the best ever  "Meet our new Director of Grassroots Advocacy. We're happy to welcome him to the EFF family."Apple's admirable stand on iMessage shows why tech companies are key players in the encryption “debate” "A Moroccan paper fined for publishing ""false"" news, and more in the latest Digital Citizen (
Government to Apple: backdoor iMessage. Apple to Government: No can do. Here's our take: 
Copyright term extension doesn't depend on economics or even logic. Its only purpose is to appease a greedy industry 
The CA Assembly will be voting on CalECPA any second. It's not too late to let them know they need to vote yes. 
"The most uncanny, astonishing, fantastic cosplayers from Project Secret Identity   
"Congrats to 2015 Pioneer Award winners Citizen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen and APC, Kathy Sierra, and Caspar Bowden! "If Apple is forced to backdoor iMessage, people interested in privacy will simply switch to something like OTR. 
"Big story this weekend: DoJ ordered Apple to break iMessage encryption, but backed off when the company pushed back 
"Thanks to EFF's FOIA suit, the government has released some of its once-secret policy on zero-days 
Urgent CA alert: your employer could force you to carry a trackable RFID in your pocket w/ SB 249. Speak out now. 
"Time to revisit our analyses of the TPP's Copyright Trap from Japan, Malaysia, Canada, and New Zealand: 
CalECPA creates a warrant requirement for your digital information. The Assembly votes tomorrow. Take action today: 
More than 120 cosplayers have posed for Project Secret Identity.  
"Internet champions, privacy advocates, and malware hunters win this year's Pioneer Awards. Join us in SF on Sept 24! 
The San Diego Police Officers Association supports CalECPA.  Act now to make sure your Assemblymember does too:  Not a single CA Senator voted against CalECPA. Tell the Assembly to vote for due process and privacy too: 
Doctor Who? Doctor None of Your Business.  
Anger and Disgust are perfectly normal reactions to mass surveillance.  
We've posted pics from the summer hacker conferences! Thanks to all who supported our work!  
"Check out “Weird Al,” Ant-Man and dozens more cosplayers fighting for privacy at 
The terrible trade agreement called the TPP shouldn't mess with orphan works. Here's why: 
"Californians, help defend the privacy of your digital devices. Tell law enforcement to get a warrant: 
FTC Commissioner is right. Consumers need strong encryption: 
A win: EFF has gotten access to the government's policy on zero-days 
Human rights groups rail against Twitter's Politwoops ban: 
"Transparency ftw! After public pressure and major press attention, DOJ will now require a warrant to use Stingrays. 
"Hello Stop by the; table,; take a picture of your fabulous costume for 
EFF joins other rights groups in calling on Twitter to restore API access to Politwoops 
"Good news! In major policy shift, DOJ tells law enforcement agents: Want to use a Stingray? Get a warrant. 
"DOJ saw the writing on the wall, will require a warrant to use 'Stingray' cellphone trackers: 
Libraries and booksellers band together to support Wikimedia's lawsuit against NSA. Read our brief: 
"Los Angeles Times endorses CalECPA: ""These safeguards are overdue in an increasingly interconnected world…”  
A dark corner of the TPP threatens to exacerbate the orphan works crisis. Op-ed in the Washington Post: 
Going to Here are four types of surveillance tech that police are using in the Atlanta area. 
"Federal Judge: NSA spying violated the constitutional rights of ""tens of millions of people every single day.”   
EFF, Bitcoin startups went to Sacramento to tell lawmakers: No on AB 1326. Join us!  
Here's why law enforcement should support a California bill to require a warrant for your data: 
New Zealand needs to resist TPP's copyright term extension and defend Kiwi artists and culture. 
Does the content of your emails have a nationality? Microsoft Ireland case may decide: 
Economist warns against the TPP's Copyright Trap and its threats to New Zealand's artists and culture: 
An important PSA from our Director of Copyright Activism. 
How many times has tweeted? It's over 9000! Thanks for following.
"""Internet drink mixer vs. everyone."" Ars Technica covers our selection for Stupid Patent of the Month: 
"Whether you're wearing tights, a mask, or a furry suit, come defend online freedom with us at 
The TPP proposal could block needed orphan works reforms. We join civil society groups to speak out: 
The Chinese government now appears to be pressuring developers of open source censorship circumvention tools: 
"Congress's cyber 'sharing' bill? More like cyber spying:
"Yes, it's still legal to film the police. Know your rights before you start recording: 
You might need a drink after reading about August's Stupid Patent of the Month attacking the Internet of Things: 
New story from the People are filming the cops more often. They're also getting arrested for it more often. 
"Excessive copyright terms led to an orphan works crisis. don't let the TPP undermine critical fixes. 
Check out what's new on Surveillance Self-Defense: 
"Justice against FBI gag orders delayed: lawsuits challenging National Security Letters sent back to lower court:
CA Senate offices are now open. The first thing they should hear is your opposition to the Bitcoin license 
Calling all cosplayers: Project Secret Identity returns to over Labor Day weekend 
Privacy is a human right: Data retention violates that right |  
Court buys government's shell game blocking Klayman case plaintiffs from challenging NSA spying:  
How China is strong-arming coders to abandon their open source projects: 
Introducing a powerful new tool to help stop the California virtual currency license: 
 encryption may have gotten the better of Russian censors trying to block a Wikipedia article: 
Digital rights groups team up with tech companies to fight California's misguided virtual currency license: We protested and defeated an Internet power grab in 2012. It's happening again—why aren't we talking about it? 
"As thousands of Malaysians prepare a massive rally against corruption, the government decides to censor the Web: 
Tech companies should not validate secret trade agreements like TISA as a way to decide new rules for the Internet: 
Malaysian PM cracks down on peaceful anti-corruption protest by censoring organizer's website and news reports: "New spear phishing campaign masquerades as EFF, serves custom malware 
CalECPA just passed out of committee! Next stop Assembly floor. Californians: demand a warrant for your data: This is your wake-up call on phishing scams: beware of attachments from strangers: 
More than 26 international NGOs call upon the Peruvian government to protect its citizens' privacy:  Almost all tech experts oppose crypto backdoors. description of three epic failures helps explain why: Think the cybersecurity bill in Congress couldn't get any worse? Think again: New FOIA-released emails show how closely trade officials work with lobbyists to hammer out digital rules in TISA: 
Most courts are efficiently invalidating abstract patents after last year's SCOTUS decision. Except East Texas. 
Do tweets about Ashley Madison infringe copyright? Extremely unlikely: 
"ATT ended its tracking header program last December, but it's editing user data again. This time to insert ads: 
TVEyes wide shut: ruling on broadcast archiving service undermines fair use 
New Copyright Reform for a Digital Economy paper, focused on policies that accommodate innovation + provide certainty ht…"
"EFF announces 2015 Pioneer Award winners: Caspar Bowden, Citizen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen and APC, and Kathy Sierra We got USTR's cozy emails with tech lobbyists about the secret TISA trade deal. They're appalling. 
Twitter has cut off transparency orgs from tracking tweets that politicians delete. Here's why that's disappointing: 
"Here's what you need to know about AB 1326, California's virtual currency license: 
EFF's investigation into Facebook censorship of prisoner profiles discussed on with Hey Californians! You know that DM you just sent? Let's make sure police need a warrant to read it. Support SB 178 
Chile: Dos comunas instalaron la vigilancia invasiva desde el aire 
"You can get cross-platform, DRM-free games for desktop; Android and support EFF in the latest from The Tor Project has a brand new mission statement! 
Chronicle of Higher Education's explain why academics should install Privacy Badger 
"Two years ago, introduced a new word into our NSA spying vocabulary: LOVEINT 
Ashley Madison's abuse of copyright law to try to put the genie back in the bottle is both doomed and dangerous. 
"Once again, EFF asks a court to let a Megaupload user have his files back. 
"Google ordered to remove links to stories about Google being ordered to remove links under ""right to be forgotten"" 
"The comes out in support of CalECPA, requiring a warrant before police can access your data  
"California bill to rein in spying TVs requires user notification, but
may fall short on consent: 
Data retention in Peru: A poor copy of a bad idea by from Access:  
Live in California? Then tell the Assembly to pass S.B. 178 to protect digital records from warrantless searches 
Want to know what's happening with digital rights in the Arab world? Check out with a fresh update: 
Latin American leaders have a chance to take a stand against data retention mandates:   via "In 1999, only 14 patent cases were filed in Eastern Texas. In 2013, that number was 1,495. EFF client is an inspiring `hackers' hacker.' Check out a profile of him by 
EFF case forces DEA to say under oath what it did with illegally collected phone records: *
Californians: let's make sure police need a warrant to access your data. Tell your legislator to support CalECPA 
The people who brought you SOPA won't give up. explains the various backdoor pushes for Privacy is a human right: Data retention violates that right |  
"Peru's President used a holiday to ram through data retention, but Peruvians can still fight back  Hollywood whines to US trade officials for even considering pro-user tweaks to TPP's copyright rules. 
"Red flag: security companies touting unbreakable wares and
hiding from peer review: 
"From Spain to China, telcos are sneaking their own supercookies into global web traffic, shows: "New docs confirm what whistleblower Mark Klein knew in 2003: ATT was ""tying into the main Internet data stream."" Almost 150 requests have already been filed as part of the audit with  
Movie studios withdraw their request for one order to bind the entire Internet...for now.  "NSA: you can't dodge responsibility for spying by outsourcing it to ATT:Nearly half of all patent cases are heard in this one Texas district court. Patent reform needs to fix that: 
"Canadian filmmaker to party leaders: don't let TPP extend our copyright, it's detrimental to artists and the public. 
"NYTimes and ProPublic reports confirm ATT's role in NSA's backbone spying; facade of secrecy falls apart: 
"Webvertisers who hate ad blocking: blame yourselves, users are fed up: 
Protect your privacy. Fend off online trackers. Install Privacy Badger today: 
In California? Speak out now to stop the virtual currency license: 
You thought copyright for life plus 70 years was too long? South Africa is considering making it life plus forever: 
"If you're at join at 10:00 pm at camp! Starting soon 
Gov't officials want laws giving them access to all encrypted communications. Too bad that would be unconstitutional 
"Are you at Join us tonight at village for an ""Ask EFF"" session: 
South Africa's current copyright law review has some very good intentions. And some aspects that are plain absurd. 
"A law mandating ""exceptional access"" to all encrypted communications would be unconstitutional 
"Meet author of The Internet of Garbage, at Techno-Activism Third Monday SF: 
Our friends are looking for a communications specialist. Apply today: 
The 23 Soundtrack is out now! Stream it live or buy a copy. Proceeds benefit EFF's Internet freedom work. 
EFF takes on the DEA in court Monday over the agency's spying on Americans' phone records 
"EFF and new project reveals how police use biometric tech, like the program reported today by 
Law enforcement officials' anti-encryption op-ed: Fear mongering to further anti-security agenda. 
Why is Japan ganging up with the USTR on TPP rules that would hurt its own creative sector? 
A new anti-discrimination proposal in Argentina threatens to make online censorship a reality: 
"Congratulations to; who solved EFF's 23 member t-shirt puzzle: 
Update: the government can't delay EFF's landmark appeals court case considering NSA's Upstream surveillance 
California's virtual currency bill shows lawmakers don't understand how Bitcoin works: 
"Netzpolitik investigation dropped. Blog now demands deletion of its surveillance records, tells EFF: 
How yesterday's anti-encryption op-ed shows law enforcement is untethered from reality: 
"Cosplay, comics, and even Japanese theater are threatened if Japan falls into the TPP's Copyright Trap: Did you use our fax tool to send a joke involving a unicorn mask? We received a subpoena. Contact us to fight it: hArgentina: Decile No a la Censura de Internet 
"Brace yourself: orthodontics company's patent strategy threatens the
Open Internet 
"Germany drops investigation of Netzpolitik, but chilling investigation of whistleblowers still ongoing. 
"We're looking forward to new book on Russia's ""digital dictators"" and ""online revolutionaries"" 
Webvertisers: reports 1/3 of users run adblockers like Privacy Badger. Time to heed Do Not Track: 
"Victory for the free press: German investigation into dropped after public outcry. In California? Speak out now to stop the virtual currency licensing proposal: 
"EFF has fought warrantless cell phone tracking for years. It's finally working its way to the Supreme Court:
"NYTimes editorial in support of free flow of information, against dangerous ruling on excluding data at the border: "San Francisco's Prop. E will pull public comment periods into the 21st century 
"Congrats to our Badge Hack Pageant winners! And cheers to judges Zoz,; See you next year! 
Here's the back of our Crypto Noir shirt. See it in person to solve the puzzle.  
No one at has solved EFF's Crypto Noir t-shirt puzzle yet. Let's get cracking.  
Our Badge Hack Pageant Wild Card Category Winner: Mike, Mikey with exquisite counterfeit black badges. 
Whoops!
Our Badge Hack Pageant Analog Category Winner: Rainbow Unicorns Byte with this knit cozy. 
Our Badge Hack Pageant was great! Digital Category Winner: with this DC22 badge quadcopter. 
Wall of Sheep is running an auction for EFF in the Contests room right now! 
Our badge judging starts soon at our contest area booth!  "Today, 5 pm at EFF's Contests table: and judge your best vintage badge hack/mod/art project. 
How EFF's new Do Not Track policy + Privacy Badger work together to fight online tracking: Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto would never have qualified for a license under California's virtual currency bill: 
"USA Freedom, small but important step, debated at Black Hat:
"Hawk these heads! DEF CON Mohawkcon donation thresholds:
$1000 Parker
"There's a bounty on our heads (of hair)! At DEF CON's Mohawkcon, hit donation thresholds to get Max, Parker, and Daniel 'hawked."Countdown is on, the DEF CON Beard and Moustache contest is Friday at 3pm in the Contest and Events room. Sign up at ht…"
"Stingrays, outdated laws, online tracking: EFF activist explains why your secrets aren't safe via 
Filmmaker says the TPP's copyright provisions threaten his ability to make documentaries. 
Many thanks to for their maple-flavored support for digital freedom at 
The documentary web series Do Not Track provides a dystopian glimpse into the tracking universe: 
Sign up for the EFF badge event at our Contest booth at And BTW we have a turntable.  California's virtual currency license proposal is bad news for innovation and consumers: 
It's never too late to begin protecting yourself online. Here's where to start: 
Judging for the EFF badge hack event at is Saturday at 5 in Contests!  
Looking for the best guides to digital security? Check out project Ononymous: 
"NSA's post-Snowden admissions of mass data collection are a boon for next round in EFF's court case over spying:
"TPP's copyright provisions would create severe barriers to making films, says Canadian documentary filmmaker. "The advertising industry is finding sneaky new ways to track you. Privacy Badger 1.0 is here to outsmart them... 
CISA won't fix lack of basic precautions against cyber threats: 
More than 200 people asked EFF and to file local record requests over police biometric tech. You can too: 
"Attention automakers: car hacking on deck at Defcon:
TPP Copyright leak reveals potential overhaul of Cdn law: site blocking, new criminal rules; extend term "Under TPP's copyright term extension, Malaysians would lose years of their early post-independence cultural works: New leaked TPP text shows US is still strong-arming nations to adopt extreme copyright rules—and they're succeeding. 
US trade officials claim longer copyright enables innovation. This Malaysian entrepreneur explains why that's wrong: Come to the booth and help make get a Mohawk for charity. 
EFF opposes unconstitutional bill that would force Internet companies to spy on their users for 'terrorist activity' 
"TPP talks may be stalling, but trade officials are determined to finish it and give Hollywood exactly what it wants. 
Got 30 seconds? Help EFF and expose police use of mobile biometric technology with a local FOIA request 
"Our analysis of the new leaked TPP text: countries push back against some extreme provisions, but cave to others. 
Introducing the new Do Not Track policy: a roadmap for respecting user privacy online 
Kazakhstan's authoritarian government is misusing U.S. law to silence and spy on its online critics: 
"TPP talks ended in deadlock last week, but officials are as determined as ever to conclude this anti-user deal: 
A milestone in EFF's case: The Ninth Circuit will consider whether NSA's “Upstream” spying violates the Constitution 
Obama admin should require federally funded educational resources to be shared under licenses: 
MPAA wants to make websites invisible with one court order to bind them all.   Germany's Justice Minister says he'll fire the prosecutor behind  treason accusations: 
Mass surveillance didn't start with 9/11. Amazing history of Echelon reporting by  Packing your bags for DEF CON? Don't forget your old con badges!  
We're in Las Vegas for some of the world's most renowned computer security events. Check out what we're doing: 
MPAA seeks website blocking with one court order to bind every Internet company.  BREAKING: Sen. McConnell just filed cloture on CISA. That means he wants to move it this week. Take action now  
"EFF to Appeals Court: Mississippi AG's subpoena to Google threatens
online speech and innovation 
Help EFF and figure out where and how police are using mobile biometric tech. File a records request here: China pushes to rewrite rules of the global Internet: 
Hacking Team Leaks Confirm What Arab Privacy Advocates Already Knew: 
India blocks access to 857 porn sites: 
"Google challenges French authority on Right to be Forgotten, setting crucial precedent: 
Listen to EFF Civil Liberties Director talk free speech and surveillance at the convention Coalition announces new Do Not Track standard for web browsing: Human rights activist Nabeel Rajab (Bahrain) was released from prison under a royal pardon: 
Israel's 972mag exposes the double standards of Israeli authorities with respect to online speech: 
Algeria's cybercrime units are cracking down, 27 were arrested for Facebook posts this month: 
"Breaking: No TPP deal reached in Hawaii, announce trade ministers.""This badge is best reused as a A) breathalyzer, B) ceremonial headdress, or C) flux capacitor.  
Does your Android phone suffer from StageFright? Here's how you can protect yourself. 
An appeals court ruled against apartheid victims who sued IBM, Ford. Here's our analysis of the terrible opinion: 
"Berliners, fight for your digital rights tomorrow and stand up for Netzpolitik:  
Surveillance defender wants a CISA vote next week.  Take action now at  UK plans to expand surveillance and limit encryption will have serious consequences for privacy: 
What's the most amazing thing that you can do with a con badge? Find out at DEF CON next week:  
New Dutch surveillance law may allow bulk interception of encrypted communication: 
Netzpolitik confirms that German authorities are investigating its journalists for reporting on mass surveillance: 
I never thought I'd be citing Howard Stern as prior art to invalidate a patent, but there it is. "Canada's copyright term should be decided by Canadians, not the U.S. and Hollywood. Stop the TPP Copyright Trap: 
"This month's Stupid Patent may cover teledildonics, but don't laugh: it's a real indicator of a patent problem. 
How have the Hacking Team leaks impacted the Arab World? Find out in the latest edition of Digital Citizen: Don't take it from me that we must Take it from cybersecurity experts 
Digital Citizen looks at the impact of the Hacking Team leaks on the MENA region  Follow for more!Big win for transparency: the California Supreme Court has agreed to hear EFF and ACLU's license plate reader case: 
"Getting to the heart of the NSA double-speak about data deletion, from and 
Australia's long copyright terms are exacerbated by a lack of fair use. TPP's investor-state rules may compound it. 
27 grad students from 17 universities around the world at the first ever EFF Security Research Colloquium 
EFF is looking for volunteer translators! Find out how you can get involved: 
Australian laws could mean that even teaching crypto runs afoul of export controls: "TPP negotiators are now meeting at a luxury hotel in Hawaii, trying to finalize the toxic anti-user deal: 
Hacking Team: Hackeando o Brasil via 
No wizard? Not sure what this ""fair use"" thing even is?Well, there's an app for that!  h…"
Canadian officials have long resisted Hollywood demands to extend copyright terms. TPP threatens to make them cave: 
"We're answering questions about cyber spying legislation on Reddit with and now: 
"In five minutes, join and for a Reddit AMA on the ""cybersecurity"" bill CISA and privacy."
Happening now: TPP negotiators trading away our digital rights in the backrooms of a luxury hotel in Maui. 
We're calling on the Copyright Office to ask USTR to re-think its copyright term proposals in TPP. Join us: 
"Ethiopian PM Desalegn promised reform, but the country has a long way to go on civil liberties: 
A cool new initiative from the Library Freedom Project will install Tor exit nodes in libraries: 
The Library of Congress could be the public's best ally in Washington. But we need someone great for the 
Tell your lawmakers: it's time to Support public access to publicly funded research today. 
The public deserves access to the research it funds. Read on why -now- is the time to 
"Over 1,000 users support our campaign to stop ridiculous copyright extensions in TPP. Sign on now: 
"The Crypto Wars have gone global - encryption under threat in the UK, Australia and Netherlands: Digital accessibility requires the ability of people to modify their own devices. TPP threatens this right: 
Peru adopts data retention decree: Declares location data no longer protected.  cc: "Syrian activist and blogger Hussein Ghrer has been freed
The jailing of journalists in Ethiopia violates international human rights law. 
Congress seems confused by modern technology. That's why is helping people say faxes  
Global Voices' Netizen Report looks at the effects of the Hacking Team leak in Morocco and Ethiopia 
"Arab Spring bloggers, social media posters jailed, silenced as governments squelch free press 4 years after revolt: EFF's case against Ethiopia for invasive spying on a political opponent shadows Obama's first visit to the country: 
Surveillance isn't security. But the government doesn't seem to get that. That's why we have to 
Break out that conference badge collection! We want to see your best mods at our Badge Hack Pageant. 
"no, thank you!"
"Georgia brings a copyright lawsuit against Carl Malamud for publishing state laws, reports 
Kudos to on moving over to  The copyright office belongs in a library. Here's why  by "Jamaica adopts the world's third-longest copyright term, sacrificing 45 years of culture all for Hollywood's benefit Lobbyists trick Jamaica into passing copyright term extension before libraries or users even know what's happening: 
EFF will be joining again this year at . Check out the schedule of fantastic speakers: The top librarian spot in the US is opening for the first time in 28 years. What can we hope for?  US trade negotiators are trying to use TPP to extend copyright terms and hurt the public domain. That's bad: 
EFF to Commerce Dept: Keeping surveillance tools from oppressive regimes shouldn't chill important security research 
It's our last day at expo hall! Learn about EFF and even become a member:  
Russian government threatens to block YouTube over alleged copyright violations 
"A quarter of a billion people are about to lose access to 20 years of the public domain, unless we can stop the TPP: 
Here's our corrected piece on the Netzpolitik affair: DMCA's arcane rules chill security research. Car hacking is latest example of where we'd benefit from more research. 
"Tell the White House: don't lock us in to excessive copyright terms, or export these terms around the world: Germany's treason charges against for publishing leaked documents are an attack on the free press 
"Join and for a Reddit AMA on the ""cybersecurity"" bill CISA and privacy at 10am ET Wed, July 29"
"A quarter of a billion people are about to lose access to 20 years of the public domain, unless we can stop the TPP: 
Malaysian authorities are increasingly finding extralegal online censorship to be in their comfort zone: 
One major reason security vulnerabilities in cars don't get reported or fixed: the DMCA. We're trying to fix that. 
EFF has submitted comments on the overbroad Wassenaar implementation proposal: 
"A ""golden key"" that unlocks crypto backdoors for law enforcement and nobody else is nonsense, argues Stop by the EFF booth at this week! Free expo passes are available:  
Ethiopian courts just postponed a decision on whether attending Internet security training is a crime: 
"We're looking for a part-time data curator. 10 hours a week, entry-level programming skills: 
"Blocking the Sarawak Report isn't Malaysia's first act of political censorship, just the first it's owned up to: 
Who needs a razor? We hope to see you in Las Vegas next week!  
"Patent trolls can try to change their names, but we'll remind you who they are. 
EFF wants a DMCA exemption to allow security researchers to audit cars and make them safer. Automakers don't. 
This remote takeover vulnerability is a scary reminder: the DMCA shouldn't be an obstacle to car security research We're doing a fundraiser for the with the best comedians in Chicago! 
"Use our new, free tool to tell the U.S. Congress what you think about tech policy, surveillance law; copyright: 
The crypto backdoor debate? We've had it before. covers its history: Free the streaming: federal court rules that online service FilmOn can use a cable license to stream broadcast TV. Encryption and anonymity shouldn't be treated like a crime—but the Ethiopian government is doing exactly that. 
European lawmaker Julia Reda works on copyright reform for the EU. Join her for a discussion at EFF this Tuesday: 
What should we hope for in the next Librarian of Congress? provides a librarian's perspective:  It's your last day to nominate a 2015 EFF Pioneer Award winner! Who has advanced the fight for digital freedom? 
We told you so: OPM data breach reveals poor data security and weak legal protections. It's time to revisit: 
We need the voices of Internet users to be heard by lawmakers. 
EFF will be joining tonight after for drinks. Come by and say hello to and FSF's  
Here are 7 steps to help safeguard your digital security: 
At At 1:30 EFF'er moderates a panel on the tech being used to terrorize communities of color: 
We all had a great time. This was the EFF kitchen fridge this morning... 
Thank you to everyone who made our 25th anniversary celebration such a success! Here's a recap and some photos: 
Who advanced freedom and accessibility in the digital world this year? Nominate the next EFF Pioneer Award winner! 
"Join the Pirate Party MEP working on EU copyright reform, for a discussion at EFF next Tuesday:  "Congratulations to and for a great UK court victory against data retention: 
Democracy thrives when people's voices are heard in the halls of Congress. 
EFF defends What's Her Face? from Facebook's bogus trademark claims: It's EFF's 25th and, crushed it.  
Just a few hundred to go! Join EFF's member drive and celebrate 25 years of digital rights: 
Let's face the next 25 years of the digital rights fight with a strong foundation:   Tweeting some of the highlights of the anniversary party! Webcast of the stage here: 
"Just a few more hours in the EFF25 member drive! Support the fight for privacy, innovation, and free expression: 
Thank you to for these sweet 25th anniversary images! Help us celebrate:  
EFF is celebrating 25 years of work today. Will you help us fight for years to come?  
EFF's 25th anniversary digital freedom conference streaming live from San Francisco:  
"Hackers; activists, give it up for leading an EFF minicon panel as his last duty before law school 
Congress could put patent reform on back burner while trolls run rampant. Speak up to support reform: 
"Under 12 hours to go for EFF's 25th anniversary member drive! Members power our work, so please give what you can: Live from 25th anniversary minicon: Buenos Aires censors and raids the technologists trying to fix its flawed e-voting system: 
Busting myths and countering misinformation being spread by opponents of much-needed patent reform: 
Soooo close! Can you help EFF reach our 25th anniversary member drive goal by tonight?  
"Toast 0.25 centuries of pro-user zealotry today! Panels, a CTF, digital defense, and dancing:  
EFF is representing award-winning documentary filmmaker Laura Poitras to uncover why she's been detained 50+ times. 
Domain privacy is at risk at the OECD as well as ICANN. 
24 hours left in EFF's 25th anniversary member drive! Can you help us defend digital rights?  
"A country with widespread Internet cafe use, Kenya may require users of public WiFi to register personal info. 
Thank you to our supporters! Your donations enable us to maintain our independence. Join:  "Buenos Aires should fix its e-voting system, not raid and censor the researchers who demonstrated its flaws: EFF's 25th anniversary member drive ends tomorrow! Will you help us defend digital rights?  
You gotta fight for your rights. Then parrrrtay.  
Win for Judge says Internet service doesn't have to be record labels' trademark police. 
"In a blow to user privacy, public Wi-Fi users in Kenya may be required to register before gaining access: 
We want to make it easy for you to influence lawmakers. So we created this tool and gave it to the world for free: 
The powerful IP lobby is trying to strip privacy from domain registrants by any means necessary: 
"48 hours left in EFF's 25th anniversary member drive. Donors power our work, so please give!  
Stand for justice! Stand for liberty! Stand with the EFF Freedom Unicorn!  
"right back at you, Julie!",,New Request: Files on the  h/t 
The recent attacks on domain privacy at ICANN are just part of a bigger plan stretching back 15 years: 
"""To do what the Yes Men do requires parody ... and parody requires using someone else's name to mock them.""  
"Website domain privacy is crucial to free speech online, but it's at risk. Show your support today: 
Happy birthday to the Have fun at the party...Just two days left in EFF's 25th anniversary membership drive! Halfway to our goal:  
"In sweeping effort to spy on civil society, Macedonia broke its own privacy laws: Nominate your Internet heroes for the 2015 EFF Pioneer Awards  
"""We caught the Ethiopian government red-handed."" Al Jazeera covers our work on a government spyware case: 
EFF joins crypto researchers who want Australia to fix its broken export control laws: 
"Ethiopians react to bloggers' release with compassion, criticism  "How New Zealand's Harmful Digital Communications Act took the DMCA takedown process, and made it even worse: 
"An interesting look at Facebook, from Australia's ABC: 
"The gov't needs to fix its own cybersecurity before proposing bad ""solutions"" like CISA.  
Ethiopia claims the right to wiretap Americans at home. EFF goes to court tomorrow to fight back: We thought Microsoft Bing was done forcing censorship on the Middle East. We were wrong. 
"When it comes to nudity, Facebook is little different than Victorian
England: 
Ruff Monday morning? Brighten it up by getting your paws on EFF's sweet new tee:  
Hacking Team y Ecuador: Pronunciamiento en defensa de la privacidad 
Are you coming to our 25th Anniversary Minicon this week? It's a can't-miss line-up: 
Heading to Join EFFer for a panel on the use of surveillance tech by local law enforcement: 
The House is voting to stop patent trolls in a couple weeks. Tell your representative to support the Innovation Act: 
"FBI Director James Comey wants a backdoor into encrypted communications, no matter what security experts say: 
How often does encryption actually foil law enforcement? No one seems to know: 
We're working on it! Watch for an announcement next week.
EFF's 25th anniversary party and digital rights conference: be there or be quadrilateral. 
Manila Principles on Intermediary Liability translated into eight new languages so we can act on threats worldwide: 
"Wall Street Journal talks to Moxie Marlinspike, a cryptographer working on secure communications tech: 
"25 years ago, 3 tech pioneers founded a little org called the Electronic Frontier Foundation:  
Ars Technica and our fearless leader Cindy Cohn look back on 25 years of EFF and the digital rights fight. 
Patent troll lawsuits at all time high with 2 winners of EFF's Stupid Patent of the Month among most prolific filers 
An EFF case established code as speech back in 1996. Celebrate 25 years of digital freedom:  
Activists use the Manila Principles to seek reform to Korean laws that make Web hosts liable for user content: 
Here is a nice summary of the past and current Crypto Wars featuring many EFF voices and friends: 
"Are you a grad student in computer security, privacy, or crypto? Check out EFF's grad student colloquium on July 28. 
"Remembering Caspar Bowden, global defender of privacy and encryption rights: 
"Just one week left to add 2,500 donors for our 25th anniversary membership drive!  
"Europeans just closely escaped bad copyright proposals, including a continent-wide link tax for news aggregators: 
EFF welcomes the European Parliament's resolution on the need for copyright reform and rejection of bad proposals: 
Five, reporter Reeyot Alemu are now free. We call on the Ethiopian govt to 
"We're sad to hear of passing. A true believer in the fight for privacy, for everyone everywhere. 
"EFF welcomes the United Nations' new privacy watchdog, Joseph Cannataci: 
The Harmful Digital Communications Act was meant to stop New Zealand's bullies. It gives them a weapon instead: 
FBI Dir Comey insists law enforcement access to encrypted data that doesn't weaken security is possible. He's wrong. 
We cannot let officials buy into Big Tech's claims that secret trade deals like the TPP promote Internet freedom. 
The NSA is piggybacking on advertising cookies to follow you around the Web:  
Space is limited in our first-ever CTF competition next week. Sign up today: 
Come party with us, and to celebrate 25 years of the 
The Hacking Team leaks show the iceberg of the state spyware trade goes far deeper than previously known: 
EFF will hold its first CTF on July 16th. *throws gauntlet* 
We're thrilled to hear three of Ethiopia's bloggers have been released:  Only two days left to submit your crypto-themed flash fiction to the 
Reminder: We're livetweeting the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on encryption right now from "Since Big Tech joined trade talks, officials claim the deals bolster Internet freedom. They couldn't be more wrong. 
EFF fought for email to have the same 4th Amendment protections as a letter. Join:  
"""You can save the future!"" - Cory on why you should apply to work at EFF.  
"Watch us bust the FBI's ""going dark"" myths in real time: follow and watch the Senate Judiciary hearing at 
"We'll also be live-tweeting the hearings starting at 7am PDT to stop the FUD before it spreads, so set your alarm and follow "FBI Director Comey will testify tomorrow before Congress about ""going dark."" We've preemptively busted all his myths. 
We're hiring an activist. Here's why you should apply to this dream job: 
WIPO continues to edge closer to a disastrous treaty that would hand new copyright-like rights to broadcasters: 
New report from prominent security experts explains exactly why security backdoors are bad for everyone: 
"Come to EFF HQ tomorrow for a book talk with author of ""Geek Heresy: Rescuing Social Change from the Cult of Tech"" "Libraries and educators are only asking WIPO for an ""effective solution"" to their copyright woes. Europe says no: 
EFF's Lenz v. Universal team went to court today to fight DMCA takedown abuse  I'm SO excited to be in SF to accompany my phenomenal team to the oral arguments on Lenz V. Universal. "After the Hacking Team leaks, EFF and Latin American civil society groups call for oversight of surveillance tech 
New leak shows TPP countries are getting closer to agreement on flawed copyright takedown rules: 
An all-star cast of computer security experts say putting backdoors in encryption will weaken security. 
"EFF, and the have all called on ICANN to preserve domain privacy. You can too: 
California lawmakers want to appoint a “Chief Data Officer.” Here's why that's a great idea: 
EFF will speak at Black Hat Briefings on both government surveillance and export controls.  "And if you find yourself in San Francisco next week, you're a welcome guest at our party!"
EFF's 25th anniversary minicon schedule and speaker lineup is available now:  
Happy Birthday to a friend of digital freedom!
Massive leak of Hacking Team docs exposes the firm selling spyware to authoritarian governments: 
Newest leak of TPP's IP chapter reveals how countries are converging on anti-user copyright takedown rules: 
MasterCard and Visa are shutting down payments to Backpage. Here's why that's bad for free speech online: 
EFF announces our DEF CON 23 badge hack contest! Judges, decide your fate.  
"Open-data roadmap? Local data catalogs? Yes, please! CA is very close to passing two key transparency bills 
The deadline to comment on the ICANN proposal that would destroy privacy for many domain registrants is tomorrow. 
"If you're in the Bay Area, come to EFF HQ this week for a book talk with on tech and social change: 
We're seeking a designer to help EFF promote civil liberties online: 
"EFF's 'dancing baby' case is back in court tomorrow, and the issues could not be more timely 
Tomorrow's Lenz v. Universal hearing will be streamed by the court. Tune in to San Francisco CR3 at 9am: 
Check out what's new on Surveillance Self-Defense: 
Visa and Mastercard shouldn't decide what type of speech is allowed online. 
"Tomorrow in San Francisco: a public court hearing in our ""dancing baby"" case challenging DMCA takedown abuse. 
Members fund EFF's three ongoing cases against the US government to curb mass spying. Join:  
We're looking for a superhero in the fight for digital rights. Apply today: 
Celebrate the 4th by giving to EFF! We're fighting to stop mass surveillance in the US and worldwide. "An essay worth reading every Fourth of July: ""How the Founding Fathers Fought ... Illegal Domestic Spying"" 
Amnesty International's calls for an independent inquiry into UK surveillance programs 
We're having a birthday party and you're invited: 
"A deep dive into XKEYSCORE, one of the NSA's creepiest spying tools: launching a 23  Badge Hack Pageant!  
"Come to EFF HQ on July 8 for a book talk with author of ""Geek Heresy: Rescuing Social Change from the Cult of Tech"" "After 28 years, the US is getting a new Librarian. lays out what to look for in the 
EFF is turning 00011001! Celebrate at our conference-crypto-CTF-party-palooza on July 16:  
EFF Technologist Noah Swartz has some handy tips for recognizing pre-paid debit card scams 
Academic research shouldn't be locked up or cost a fortune. Tell your lawmakers to support open access: 
“Broadening copyright law harms free speech in many cases by creating a mechanism for censorship.” -  
We're hiring. Come defend digital rights as an activist at EFF:  
A new ICANN proposal to force more domain registration info to be public would endanger targets of harassment: 
Are you a developer facing legal threats based on Oracle v. Google? We want to hear from you: 
UK admits it illegally spied on Amnesty International 
"In the FISA Court, the more things change, the more they stay the same: 
We're searching for a top-notch writer who loves tech policy to come work full-time at EFF. Apply today: "Politico has a newly leaked draft of TPP's secret IP chapter, and it's found some serious problems. 
New research shows a link between Internet shutdowns and state violence in Syria: 
The FISA Court reauthorized bulk surveillance of phone records for 6 more months. Here's what you need to know: 
Join us for EFF's 25th Anniversary Party on July 16 in San Francisco!  
Calling all bloggers: wants you to apply to our new activist position. 
This week's podcast explores the shocking levels of secrecy around trade deals like TPP 
Secret FISA Court gives the NSA a temporary extension on spying on our phone records: 
UPDATE: Diego's hearing has been postponed until October. Thanks to everyone who helped us raise awareness today. Here's how Computerworld covered EFF's birth 25 years ago 
Copyright should not be used to turn students into criminals for sharing a research paper online.  EFF helped build the blackout that killed SOPA. Celebrate 25 years of awesome work:  
"As Diego stands trial for sharing research, show your support for open access  
Are you an amazing writer looking to defend the future of civil liberties? We have the perfect job for you: 
"Illinois drone task force would have 22 members, mostly cops and industry reps, but not a single privacy advocate 
The Supreme Court's refusal to hear the API copyright case Oracle v. Google could be bad news for interoperability 
Do you want to fight for the user? EFF has a position open on our activism team: 
"Trial starts tomorrow for Diego Gomez, who faces prison time for sharing an article online:  
"What's wrong with Congress' multiple cybersecurity proposals? For starters, they won't work.  
Ride with EFF's Freedom Unicorn for digital rights! We have new member shirts:  
BBC publishes list of stories hidden from Google search results due to EU court's “Right to Be Forgotten” ruling 
"June's Stupid Patent of the Month on firewalls is trash, but its owner is still suing the network security industry: 
This is why the California Attorney General shouldn't be the state's sole authority on transparency 
Member support is crucial to EFF's work. Celebrate 25 years of fighting for digital rights by giving today: 
"Vietnamese blogger Le Quoc Quan is about to be released, but the government's crackdown on bloggers isn't over: 
Check out, talking threat modeling at the Digital Rights in Libraries Conference next week: 
25 years of fighting for digital rights! Will you help EFF reach many birthdays to come?  There were about 10 dogs in the headquarters last time I visited. 
"Even today, LGBTQ youth face threats accessing online information and resources. Our SSD guide can help: New: Read the NSA's top secret memo about the 2005 New York Times story that first exposed warrantless wiretapping. 
"Use for searches? Add ""!eff"" to any query to automatically search our site."
Iran is still imprisoning netizens and blocking sites after two years of 'reform': 
Great news for California Attorney General reverses “locked PDF” policy for data 
Censorship and surveillance aren't the only fearsome beasts EFF faces. Here we are in the office. 
"The U.S. got strong net neutrality rules banning blocking, throttling, and paid fast lanes in 2015. Europe is next: 
"EFF is representing an online news publisher facing a censorship
campaign from the Kazakhstan government 
"Domain name privacy is under threat, thanks to content industry pressure on ICANN. Ars Technica reports: 
"Will the European Parliament stand its ground on net neutrality, or cave in and accept a loophole-ridden compromise? 
Congress passed Fast Track yesterday but we did not fight in vain. We can still stop the TPP train wreck. 
We have a new patent demand letter up on Trolling Effects. This one is from WebXchange, Inc. 
An ICANN proposal to roll back domain name privacy would be terrible for vulnerable users 
BREAKING: Fast Track passes the Senate in a 60 to 38 vote. We lost this battle but we can still defeat the TPP: Vulnerable users will suffer if entertainment industry succeeds in pushing ICANN to roll back privacy for domains: 
You'll cringe when you read what Australian politicians said before passing Australia's copyright censorship law: 
Australia joined a less than illustrious club of censors yesterday as its copyright censorship law passed the Senate 
How the NSA, GCHQ target Kaspersky and other anti-virus software for exploitation: 
We're at today. Come say hello! 
"On EFF's 25th b-day bucket list:✔sue NSA☐add 2,500 donors
 We successfully defended a photo hobbyist from a nuisance patent suit. We've asked the court to make the bully pay. Wondering how USA Freedom affects EFF's cases? Wonder no more: 
"Breaking: Senate advances TPP Fast Track, so it may pass in a simple majority vote tomorrow. Act now to stop it: 
"Canadians urge its Conservative party to repeal Bill C-51, a law that threatens their fundamental freedoms: 
Today's Supreme Court decision in the Patel case is a victory for the Fourth Amendment 
"If we can stop Fast Track, we can block TPP and other secret anti-user trade deals. The vote is tomorrow, act now: 
"No, you can't use patent law to prevent people from reusing printer cartridges, EFF argues in a new brief: 
UK High Court: European copyright law supports industry's agenda to prohibit private copying without payment: CC Global Summit call for participation and proposals now open. Join us in Seoul 15-17 October. 
"The Senate is going to vote on Fast Track tomorrow. Tell your lawmakers to block Obama's secret, anti-user agenda: 
European copyright madness: Court strikes down law allowing users to rip their own CDs: 
"Congratulations to EFF's 2015 Cyberlaw Trivia 1st place winners, Alice in 101 der land!  
"Former EFF executive director Shari Steele, alongside her terracotta soldier, still fighting for your digital rights 
"A new Librarian of Congress could push for stronger fair use and help shape DMCA exemptions, reports The Atlantic: 
Having trouble wrapping your head around the concept of Stingrays? Check out this week's podcast 
RELEASE THE FREEDOM UNICORN! (EFF has new t-shirts.) 
Three things lawmakers should do about drones: 
Web service companies like CloudFlare shouldn't be forced to police music labels' trademarks. 
"If Facebook won't disclose U.S. prisoner takedown requests, what other government censorship is it hiding? 
"After 10 years, theSummit at is over. Thanks for bringing the digital rights community together. Why Facebook failed our censorship test 
"Strong encryption and anonymity are critical to free expression, says UN free speech watchdog  "What do Wikimedia, Bing, reddit, and the FBI have in common? They're all switching (or have switched) to  
"Australia's new copyright censorship law is being debated in the Senate today, as opposition falls on deaf ears: 
"Heat wave blues? Come visit cool SF and celebrate EFF's 25th anniversary with us! EFF party and minicon, July 16: 
This week's terrible European court decision against web publishers threatens critical speech online: 
The House will be voting again tomorrow to give the White House the power to Fast Track the TPP. Speak out now: 
"Meanwhile, in Mexico: investigates which Mexican ISPs have your back:   
Australia's Web censorship legislation gathers speed in the never-ending quest to appease copyright lobbyists: 
"Get oodles of DRM-free ebooks and support digital rights in the ""School's Out"" bundle from and 
"When the government comes knocking, which companies and services have your back? Our 2015 report is out now: 
Here's why we quit the NTIA discussions on face recognition (TLDR: companies aren't taking privacy seriously) 
"Let's Encrypt, our plan to freely and automatically encrypt the Web, has a launch date: mid-September of 2015 EFF Legal Director Corynne McSherry telling members about recent digital rights victories at our Oakland Speakeasy. 
A big step towards encrypting the whole web: Let's Encrypt launches the week of September 14. 
Brief in NY. Brief in Cali. We're fighting on both coasts to protect you from warrantless cell phone tracking. 
Software patents are often way too broad. A ruling by the Federal Circuit today might help put a stop to that: 
Tonight in Oakland: Join EFF for a drink at our Members-Only Speakeasy with Legal Director 
"EFF turns 25 in 25 days! Member support drives all our work, so please celebrate by joining:  
EFF and other privacy groups quit face recognition meetings after companies refuse to commit to protecting privacy 
Mystery-solver proves license plates are not just anonymous strings of numbers and letters "Today,; are launching Quien Defiende tus Datos?, rating Mexican telecoms on how well they protect users Twitter makes a move in the right direction to help users combat harassment: 
"European Parliamentarians to vote tomorrow on a copyright report that addresses Europe's crazy ""copywrongs"": 
"Friday's victory over Fast Track was a powerful signal that we can defeat Obama's secret, anti-user trade agenda: 
"EFF joined 32 organizations in supporting the SPEAK FREE Act, a federal anti-SLAPP bill that protects free speech. 
"This week's podcast inadvertently debunks ALPR company's ""myth"" of license plate privacy  [spoilers]"
Tomorrow's committee vote on a key European copyright reform report could stave off moves to limit freedom to link: 
House deals major blow to TPP and Obama's secret anti-user trade agenda. Here's what happened today: 
"U.S. Department of Commerce's FAQ on proposed Wassenaar implementation gives answers, but raises more questions: 
Navy posts and then deletes offer to buy zero-days 
"Fast Track did not pass the House today because a piece of the Senate bill, called TAA, failed by a landslide vote. 
"BREAKING: Senate's TPP Fast Track bill fails in the House. If Obama still want to pass it, he will have to start from square one.""The House is now voting on some critical trade bills, including the TPP Fast Track. Watch it live on CSPAN here: The House is now debating the TPP Fast Track bill and the vote could happen soon after. Call your rep to vote NO: 
Tomorrow's House vote on the TPP Fast Track bill is dangerously close. Call your rep now and tell them to vote no: 
Fast Track would rush through deals that criminalize whistleblowing and investigative journalism. Take action: 
"Police in Victoria, Australia propose banning Internet access for people deemed ""potential jihadists"": 
"The latest looks at Egypt's new cybercrime bill, repression in Oman, and more: BREAKING: Senate votes against cyberspying bill CISA. Tell your Senator to keep the bad bill on the shelf: 
.is on the floor forcing a vote to advance the cyberspying bill called CISA. Watch here: 
Is the BIS proposed Wassenaar implementation a good idea? Cindy Cohn says no!  
The House vote to approve the TPP Fast Track could happen TOMORROW. Take action now and tell your reps to vote NO: 
Victory: Belgian Constitutional Court rules data retention law illegal.   [fr] via Oakland now has a privacy policy for its new surveillance center. of ACLUNC explains how it happened: 
"Judges in the notorious Eastern District of Texas just imposed new, unfair requirements on patent defendants. 
Jordanian organization is working to preserve free speech online 
"Pressing, building, and fighting for privacy, two years after Snowden's challenge to the people of the world: 
tag team: got revealing emails between TPP negotiators and lobbyists. We made them searchable. 
"Librarians have been on the front line to protect privacy, reports the Guardian: 
It's been 225 years since the first US Copyright Act. Do new laws threaten our First Amendment values? 
"225 years ago, the first US Copyright Act was signed. Are newer laws too strict to foster creativity? 
"Two years after his leaks prompted a global debate, Edward Snowden argues the world has said no to surveillance: 
The first US Copyright Act was signed 225 years ago this week. Has it lost sight of its goals? 
U.N. free speech watchdog calls upon States around the world to protect encryption and anonymity online: 
"Following the USTR's lead, Korea plays bad cop in Asian trade talks and promotes the worst rules we've seen yet: 
"Leader we urge you to defend the Internet and users' rights and oppose the TPP Fast Track bill: 
Does your country share data with the NSA? Explore and map and find out!  California prison officials were not happy to learn about Facebook's new procedures for inmate account takedowns. 
Facebook has reformed how it handles takedown requests from prisons. What hasn't changed: the lack of transparency. 
Turning the tide against online mass spying in Paraguay:  
We call on Leader to stand for Internet users and come out strong against the TPP Fast Track bill: 
USA Freedom was just the beginning: EFF asks appeals court to rule NSA's Section 702 surveillance unconstitutional More countries are using Internet shutdowns to control online speech—even in places with limited access: More than 64 international organizations say no to bill in Paraguay:  
Leaked TISA text reveals another secret treaty that negotiators could use to regulate the Internet: 
"BREAKING: CalECPA (SB 178), which requires police get a warrant for digital data, just passed unanimously out of the California Senate."
EU antitrust complaint calls for restoration of censored privacy apps to the Google Play store 
"Ten UN experts condemn how secret trade agreements like TPP, TTIP and TISA are placing human rights at risk: 
"Our analysis of the speech-friendly Supreme Court decision in Elonis v. U.S., the Facebook threats case: 
"New Yorkers, go see Cory explain why ""Information Doesn't Want to Be Free"" this Saturday: Criticism of secret trade deals that pander to investors and copyright lobbyists grows as UN experts weigh in: 
"EFF sued for defamation by patent lawyer behind April's Stupid Patent of the Month, Scott Horstemeyer. 
"The response to has been tremendous. The canary is the 50th, and they just keep coming: Europeans' right to leave their Wi-FI networks open to the public hangs on a pending court decision: 
Ex-Mozilla engineer calls on Firefox to make beneficial Tracking Protection technology available to all users: The passage of USA Freedom today marks the first time in 30 years Congress has placed real restrictions on the NSA. 
"BREAKING: USA Freedom has passed, without any amendments. The final vote in the Senate was 67-32."
"EFF sued for defamation by April's Stupid Patent of the Month inventor, Scott Horstemeyer. We will not be silenced. 
Copyright industry wants to shut down open wireless networks in Europe. A coalition of concerned activists responds: 
The amendments proposed to USA Freedom by NSA defenders must be killed. Here's why: 
It's not just the NSA to worry about - the FBI is behind mysterious surveillance aircraft seen over US cities 
".should listen to his constituents, not the intelligence community: 
Law professor demolishes McConnell amendment removing FISA Court amicus reform: 
"Today's schedule is unpredictable. We'll tweet details of Senate floor proceedings from but we'll share major updates here."Paraguay: you have 48 hours to stop data retention  
"The Senate is currently debating USA Freedom, and a vote is expected today. Watch live: 
Tienes 48 horas para frenar en Paraguay: 
"What is Wassenaar, why is it a problem, and what is EFF doing about it?  
The Senate is reconvening at 10:30 am EDT tomorrow and is expected to consider USA Freedom. Stay tuned for updates. 
The TPP Fast Track bill could go to the House floor as early as next week. Help us keep the pressure on our reps: 
Right now on the Sen floor defending reform to secretive intelligence court. Reform is sorely needed: 
"The Senate has reconvened and is discussing amendments to HR 2048, the USA Freedom Act: 
"In a post-215 world, the government still has lots of surveillance powers The Senate isn't expected to vote on anything further tonight. EFF statement coming shortly.
"BREAKING: The Senate has officially advanced USA Freedom, 77-17."
The Senate has reconvened. Watch live:  More regular updates on "ICYMI, the Senate is on recess right now. We'll tweet out when it starts again."
"If 215 sunsets, the government still has lots of tools in its surveillance toolbox 
The Senate has convened to debate USA Freedom and the Patriot Act. Watch live on C-span:  
The Senate is expected to convene to discuss USA Freedom and Patriot Act reauthorization in 6 minutes. Follow for updates.
We need better incentives for companies who store our data to keep it secure. 
"Tomorrow at in San Francisco, join EFF for ""Edward Snowden Revelations and the Public Right to Know."" 
May's Stupid Patent of the Month goes to all of Patent Class 705. TL,DR: Patents in this category are HORRIBLE. 
"The British are coming!  One, if by land, two, if by a mandated backdoor in end-to-end crypto. 
EFF strongly objects to the US proposed Wassenaar implementation. We're drafting comments and you should too! 
"There's just 3 days, 9 hours, and 45 minutes until Section 215 of the Patriot Act sunsets. Time to call Congress: 
Excellent piece by Prof. on why third-party patent challenges are important for the public interest 
A report by on how unaccountable telecom practices and policies threaten Canadians: 
"Heard of TPP or TTIP? TISA is another trade agreement making rules for the Internet, just as secretive but bigger: 
In San Francisco? Join EFF Saturday for a panel on art, surveillance as part of the SF International Arts Festival. 
There's just four days left to end mass surveillance under the Patriot Act. Have you called Congress yet? 
Today's weakened crypto is tomorrow's mass spying. How Logjam should inform our current backdoor debates: 
Volume 3.0 of is now live in three languages!  Subscribe today: 
"Leaked TISA text reveals plans to ban FOSS mandates, globalize anti-spam laws, and limit protection of personal data 
"Why the Internet is broken again: part 1 of our explainer on the ""Logjam"" security flaw 
The White House wants almost unilateral power to enact extreme digital rules in secret. We cannot let that happen: 
A declassified Justice Department report on the FBI's use of the Patriot Act highlights the need for reform: 
EFF joins, in asking Congress to strengthen our ability to challenge bad patents 
A recent court opinion highlights how copyright law gets made through undemocratic international agreements: 
The opposite of open government: uses DRM to lock down public data about wiretaps 
"Scalia's use of the term ""patent trolls"" in his Commil v. Cisco dissent is the first ever by the Supreme Court 
"The Supreme Court's ruling on the latest patent case, Commil v. Cisco, has some good and some bad. Senate's late-night rejection of Patriot Act spying last week proved how wrong is about NSA reform: 
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wrong: 
What does Friday's Senate vote mean? reports the gov't already winding down NSA's bulk phone records collection: 
"The clock is ticking on Section 215 sunset, but the Senate is in stalemate on NSA spying powers: 
"BREAKING: At the behest of the Senate will meet Sunday, May 31st in the afternoon, mere hours before Section 215 expires."
McConnell tries to push the deadline back to the 8th, then the 5th, then the 3rd, then the 2nd. All blocked"
BREAKING: Senator Rand Paul objecting to even one more day of extending Section 215.
"BREAKING: After blocking USA Freedom, the Senate has blocked McConnell's two-month reauthorization too."
BREAKING: Now Senator McConnell has proposed his two-month reauthorization.
BREAKING: USA Freedom fails to advance in the Senate by a vote of 57 to 42.
Breaking: Senate begins vote to advance USA Freedom Act. Watch here: 
BREAKING: says the next vote in the Senate will be on NSA bills at 1 am EDT. Follow for updates on the debate then.
Breaking: The Senate has just passed its TPP Fast Track bill. The fight now moves to the House. Speak out: 
Report on FBI's use of the Patriot Act shows years of foot-dragging and failed oversight 
"Today, open source advocate Bassel Khartabil spends his 34th birthday in jail. Syria must 
"If you're in the SF Bay Area, join us tomorrow in Oakland for a privacy and security workshop: 
The Great Firewall is now blocking access to all of Chinese Wikipedia: 
Using the middle-finger emoji in the UAE could land you in jail: 
Sen. Majority Leader McConnell thinks he's living in a world where the Snowden leaks never happened: 
Diverse groups stand united against any short-term reauthorization of Section 215: 
The Garcia v. Google dissent may give a scary glimpse of the future of undemocratic copyright policy laundering: 
"Today, the Senate is discussing TPP and NSA throughout the day. To follow the discussion as it happens, follow Right now is on the Senate floor defending unconstitutional NSA surveillance. 
ICYMI: Major security research published this week. Read about the Logjam vulnerability and see if you're affected: 
"Patent bully abandons lawsuit against online photo hobbyist, avoiding courtroom showdown with EFF 
Right now: speaking out against government overreach and the perils of too much surveillance: 
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wrong: 
Open data fail: locks down wiretap and other criminal justice data in unwieldy format  Estamos presentando junto a y el informe de vigilancia en Colombia:  
"Computer crime and copyright laws silence helpful hackers, making us all less safe, explains 
Diverse groups stand united against any short-term reauthorization of Section 215: 
Proposed South African Internet censorship regulation would require video bloggers to obtain a license: 
Hundreds of tech companies tell Congress to oppose the TPP Fast Track for threatening digital innovation and users. 
Edward Snowden and ACLU's are doing a Reddit AMA right now: 
"South Africa's Internet censorship proposal allows bureaucrats to take any content offline as ""potentially harmful"": 
"After Sen. epic 10+ hours on the Senate floor, a vote on NSA spying could happen on Saturday: Senate now rushes vote to close debate on TPP Fast Track despite 200 proposed amendments by 46 Senators. Watch live: 
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wrong: 
Opposition to overbroad NSA spying is bipartisan. Senator has been joined by both Democrats and Republicans today.
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wrong: 
"Facebook's ""authentic name"" policy exposes domestic violence survivors to former abusers. Survivors describe how: 
Sen. read a constituent email opposing Sec. 215 on the Senate floor. Have you contacted Congress yet? 
"In response to Sen. question about 4th amendment in the modern world, Sen. says it must cover digital records."
"Sen. and We might not agree on USA Freedom, but we agree that bulk collection on ordinary people must end.""Colombian Users to ISPs: ""Where Is My Data?"" Read the new report from EFF and 
"Sen has now joined Sen on the Senate floor, talking about ending bulk phone records collection. "Sen. points out: ""We don't need indiscriminate collection. We don't need the haystack to be so big we can't find the terrorist."""
Los colombianos merecen transparencia por eso preguntamos:  
ICYMI: Sen. speaking on the Senate floor right now about unconstitutional NSA surveillance. 
EFF and join forces to tell Colombian ISPs to protect their users' data. Read:  
Diverse groups stand united against any short-term reauthorization of Section 215: 
Make sure Congress knows. Take action today:  
North Carolina's should listen to his constituents: Say no to a short-term extension of Section 215: 
250+ tech companies to Congress: the TPP Fast Track threatens innovation and our users. Please oppose it now. 
"Want to learn more about digital rights in the Arab world? Now you can in En, Ar, and Fr, with 
"Senators seek to patch the TPP Fast Track to improve transparency and block ISDS, but it's too little, too late: 
New study shows that Americans oppose reauthorization of the Patriot Act without reform by a nearly a 2:1 margin: 
Second free speech victory of the week! Fourth Circuit blocks the use of trademark for censorship. 
"EFF joins huge coalition of privacy, technology, and security experts urging to support strong encryption. 
None of the proposed amendments to the TPP Fast Track would truly fix the secrecy of negotiations. Take action now: 
North Carolina's should listen to his constituents: Say no to a short-term extension of Section 215: 
Diverse groups stand united against any short-term reauthorization of Section 215: "Some access to the Internet may be better than none, but Facebook's  is not the Internet: 
In San Francisco today? Come to EFF HQ at 6PM and hear speak at Techno-Activism Third Monday: 
"Victory for free speech in Garcia v. Google, where the Ninth Circuit has rescinded a controversial injunction: 
EFF fights DRM before the U.S. Copyright Office this week: 
"""Internet companies shouldn't be censors,"" writes 
"Digital Citizen (is now live in English, Arabic, and French! 
"Before Snowden, there was the Citizens Commission to Investigate the FBI. Learn more from tonight on PBS: 
Ninth Circuit reverses unconstitutional copyright-as-censorship decision in Garcia v. Google  
Join or renew your EFF membership at The booth is in the Expo Hall near the beignet stand. 
Say hi to at We're in the Expo Hall Games section near the west doors.  The TPP Fast Track bill advances in the Senate. The next few weeks are crucial to stop it in the House: 
EFF and 33 other civil rights groups support principles of transparency and accountability for police body cams Two months is two months too long 
California lawmakers want to create a “High Technology Crimes Task Force.” Guess who's not invited to the table. 
The Americas' top human rights watchdog tells US to fix the NSA metadata programs as they violate international law: 
The Senate reverses course and advances the TPP Fast Track bill. It's time to turn our attention to the House: 
Breaking: McConnell has introduced short-term reauthorization of Section 215 of the Patriot Act. 
Breaking: Senate reverses course and votes to consider TPP Fast Track. More important than ever to speak out: 
The fight continues against Canadian anti-terrorism Bill C-51 as the unpopular legislation moves on to the Senate: 
"Thought DNS-level censorship proposals died with SOPA? Read up on this Congressional hearing, and think again: 
It's not a crime to violate the terms of use. EFF urges the Oregon Supreme Court to review a dangerous decision: 
EFF has urged the Oregon Supreme Court to review a dangerous misuse of the state's computer crime law: 
"Breaking: In landslide vote, House overwhelmingly passes the USA Freedom Act Senate rushes to hold another vote tomorrow on TPP Fast Track following some concessions on the bill. Stay tuned for updates.
A Senate vote yesterday moved us one major step closer to stopping TPP in its tracks: 
Breaking: Rules Committee just sent USA Freedom Act to the House Floor for a vote. No amendments will be allowed: 
Major victory in our fight against the TPP with today's Senate vote to block the Fast Track trade bill: 
The House Rules committee is discussing an amendment to stop Section 702 backdoor search loophole. Watch live: 
"In half an hour, the House Rules Committee will be considering USA Freedom. Watch live here: 
It's time for the NSA's defenders to put to rest the lie that bulk phone records collection would've stopped 9/11: 
Today's Senate vote blocking Fast Track is a big win but the fight isn't over. TPP supporters are working to get another version through.
BREAKING: Senate votes to block advance of TPP Fast Track bill amidst growing opposition to secretive anti-user trade deals.
Live now:,  discussing surveillance reform in a Google Hangout.  
Starting in 10 minutes: join EFF Activism Director to discuss NSA surveillance reform: 
What better way to start your week than by blocking invasive online trackers? Install Privacy Badger today: 
Senate votes tomorrow to advance the TPP Fast Track bill and rush anti-user deals through Congress. Take action now: NSA's illegal spying is (still) illegal. Our analysis of the Second Circuit ruling in ACLU v. Clapper. 
"""Your cyberpunk games are dangerous"": the card games, BBSes; FBI raids that ushered into existence 
"Saturday night legal geekery: a big win against the
NSA's phone records program 
It's time to join the digital freedom movement! Become an EFF member or renew at our booth. 
The latest in fight to publish full transparency reports: gov't tries to weasel its way out of court. 
Join the Digital Privacy discussion with and at 5 PM in SB 134. 
We joined and in asking the Patent Office to protect the public from awful patents 
Victory for inmates and families: will no longer claim IP rights over email and video correspondence 
"If supports a free and open Internet, she needs to come out against Fast Track for the TPP: 
In Rio? Join for a discussion about the politics of surveillance in Latin America at next week: 
Miami Heat co-owner is trying to use copyright to silence a critic. No way was EFF going to sit on the sidelines. 
A tip: FBO is one of the richest sources of gov't information. Our how-to here: 
The Second Circuit  got metadata right yesterday:  The Eleventh Circuit gets it wrong: 
"TPP's secret negotiations and extreme and unbalanced copyright rules threaten human rights, say UN experts: EFF urges the Eleventh Circuit to shut down a blatant attempt to use copyright to censor unwanted criticism: 
UN experts say TPP and Fast Track threaten human rights through secret negotiations and unbalanced copyright: 
The 2nd Circuit has ruled that the NSA's bulk collection of phone records is illegal in ACLU v. Clapper. EFF's take: 
"This morning at EFF Activist ""Control, Privacy, and Technology"" keynote. 
Breaking news: the Second Circuit just ruled against phone record surveillance by the NSA. We're one step closer to ending mass spying.
"EFF ""Stupid Patent"" Buster explains how we saved podcasting from a patent troll on 
Good news: Virginia now requires warrants for drones. Bad news: vetoed license plate reader limits. 
Libraries and  go together like 323.445 Freedom of information and 005.8 Data security. 
How John Deere and a bunch of major car manufacturers use DRM laws to undermine the idea of ownership  "In December, a NY judge ruled that pointing out DRM-breaking software isn't copyright infringement  A librarian on the lies created by copyright law and the clash between DRM and intellectual freedom  It's International Day Against DRM! EFF calls for an end to unfair laws that lock down your stuff.  "As EU politicians debate proposals to limit the free use of hyperlinks, digital rights groups stand up and say no: 
EFF and 50 other groups strongly oppose plan to continue Section 215 mass spying through 2020. 
Jail email service ToS says it owns intellectual property rights over inmate-family correspondence  "With ""automated speech recognition, the NSA has entered the era of bulk listening,"" reports 
Canada poised to pass anti-terror legislation despite widespread outrage: 
France's National Assembly votes on a sweeping surveillance bill. Will they stand for freedom or for fear? 
"Big content remains in denial about the defeat of SOPA, and is trying to resuscitate it by stealth: 
Lawmakers promised to tackle Section 702 reform next during USA Freedom markup. We'll remind them of those promises: 
"Heck no, Businesses shouldn't get to secretly record our calls. rings the alarm on AB 925: 
"Mayweather or Pacquiao? Regardless of who wins, Internet intermediaries are the losers: 
How private DNA data led Idaho cops on a wild goose chase and linked an innocent man to a 20-year-old murder case 
We think that YouTube should celebrate its 10-year anniversary by fixing ContentID 
Our Special 404 Report puts a human face on the victims of defective copyright policy:  
Come join at the Internet Archive in San Francisco today and help free PACER  
"Arbitrary demands in the annual 301 Report are recycled every year. But this year, we answer back: 
Our Special 404 Report exposes alternative views on copyright the USTR fails to represent:  
Location is your most critical data and everyone's watching - EFF's weighs in for this article: 
"April's Stupid Patent of the Month: Notorious troll Eclipse IP's ""method"" of updating delivery information 
"Our breakdown of today's report that demands other countries revise their copyright laws to mirror ours The released its annual IP-maximalist report today—We share the stories you won't find in it: 
"When the military collects evidence through illegal surveillance of civilians, it shouldn't be used in court: 
"EFF's Surveillance Self-Defense: now in French, Thai, Vietnamese, and Urdu, with great new animations c/o 
Canada's reckless Bill C-51 would allow its spy agencies to violate the Charter of Rights and Freedoms: 
Breaking: USA Freedom has passed out of the House Judiciary Committee unchanged. Read EFF's take on the bill: 
Understanding the new USA Freedom Act: 
"Despite low Internet use in the country, Burundi blocks Viber and WhatsApp amidst protests 
The Senate gets serious about patent reform with today's introduction of the PATENT Act: 
Public interest voices line up against the copyright juggernaut to defend speech from Australian censorship plans: 
Cory notes that FBI's crypto backdoor proposal really means breaking general purpose computing: 
Automakers have told the Copyright Office you don't really own your car. Help EFF fight back: 
Come help free PACER at events this Friday in San Francisco and New York: 
Slovak Constitutional Court just proclaimed data retention law unconstitutional and canceled its mass surveillance: 
Australian copyright censorship Bill could block VPNs and circumvention information: 
"A bipartisan group of senators just introduced PATENT Act, a comprehensive set of reforms to stop trolls. Our take is coming soon."
Help EFF defend your right to tinker with your car by telling the Copyright Office your story: 
"Hours left to support EFF and in the ebook bundle of fiery, DRM-free underground art; comix: 
"Nice work by the recognizing the importance of fair use by publishing a great new case database: 
"Welcome to a broad new coalition dedicated to getting copyright right. 
Brasil: Lo que nos dejo el CryptoRave 2015: 
Egypt's draft cybercrime law undermines freedom of expression: 
EFF tells the Federal Circuit: Don't reward patent trolls that lie in wait before filing lawsuits. 
We've updated our  configuration and now have an A+ rating from SSL Labs. Here's how we did it: 
"A fascinating look at how Eritrea, the world's least connected country, censors information 
Snowden's legacy grows in South America: Brazil's crypto movement marches on. 
"After 8 years, our dancing baby case is dancing to court: oral arguments in Lenz v. Universal scheduled for July 7 in San Francisco."Come ask us questions and upvote our reddit AMA on how Fast Track and TPP threaten users and the public interest: 
EFF has deployed a new SSL certificate signed with SHA-2 for long-term security. 
We're doing a reddit AMA in an hour on the threats of TPP and Fast Track. Join us and 3 other public interest groups 
Here's a new word to add to your police surveillance vocabulary: “Automated Vehicle Occupancy Detection” 
EFF to Massachusetts high court: require warrants for tracking cell phones for any length of time. 
"Happy Monday, How about starting the week right by signing surveillance reform into law? 
2009 Inspector General report on NSA program Stellarwind  demonstrates the inefficacy of mass surveillance: 
"Check out EFF and friends at in Sao Paolo, Brazil. 
"Brasil: Hoje continua a pela privacidade e liberdade na internet. Ao vivo aqui "Time is running out. Tell the FAA to allow innovative uses of drones for education, journalism, and art today! 
Tell his weekend will be so much brighter if he signs the surveillance reform bills before clocking out 
Check out our tips on how to use congressional recesses to ask your representatives where they stand on NSA spying. 
We're disappointed with Sen. claim that the TPP is good for Internet users. Here's what he gets wrong: 
"Hey Congress, stop trying to limit EFF's ability to challenge bad patents. 
"Canada's copyright notice system was designed to improve upon the DMCA, yet it's still abused to threaten users: 
"Be careful what you post: A Singaporean teenager has been arrested for posting an ""offensive"" video 
.McConnell wants to extend mass phone records surveillance to 2020. Let's not let that happen. Thanks to for supporting EFF in their pay-what-you-want comics, art bundle:  
"What are the world's most censored countries? According to Eritrea and North Korea top the list 
"Our friends at see ""a spring of cybercrime laws"" - in Egypt, Pakistan, and Tanzania Digital rights groups call for a solution to the rightsholder loophole in Canada's copyright notice system: 
"New York has the chance to pass the country's first Fair Repair bill. If you're in NY, check it out: 
Copyright handout to Canadian performers comes at a heavy cost to the public domain: 
We're talking BBQ, Internet freedom at the party tonight. 
These journalists want to use drones. Don't let the FAA keep them on the ground.  
Canada's copyright handout to performers comes without public consultation and opens the door for even worse changes And the Pulitzer goes to… investigative reporting on the political tool MPAA is using to bring SOPA back. 
"Unfortunately, Sen. Kirk's amendment to S.178 just passed, bringing us one step closer to making websites police user-generated content."
"Hey did you hear? San Francisco voted to oppose Fast Track for TPP over its anti-user provisions. .and are working together to fight cyber surveillance. Join us at  
Virginia could soon lead the nation in surveillance reform. Tell to sign these bills. 
Tell the FAA: don't ground good drones! 
"Warrants for drones, storage limits for ALPR. Tell to sign these protections into law today. 
Sen. Kirk's amendment to S. 178 would put websites on the hook for user content. Thanks for opposing. 
"San Francisco votes to oppose Fast Track for TPP, citing threats to free speech, privacy, and whistleblowers. 
Virginia is for Privacy-Lovers. Tell to sign surveillance reform into law. 
We spent 3 years researching how bad software patents stifle innovation. Then we took our findings to Capitol Hill: 
Virginia is two signatures away from sweeping surveillance reform. Tell to sign the bills today. 
Ending phone records collection is a  step towards reining in the NSA's surveillance abuses.  Congress is pushing for more surveillance—under the guise of cybersecurity proposals: 
"We can't wait to see you this week in NYC! We'll be joining DEF CON at as part of New bill from and takes aim at some of the worst parts of DMCA Sec. 1201. 
"Friends of Chris Roberts declare ""I am Sidragon"" on t-shirts sold at  
The new Fast Track bill will legitimize the White House's secrecy over TPP and rush the anti-user deal to approval. 
In Brazil? CryptoRave 2015 is right around the corner:   Check out what is planning next week.,,Ask the panel at with 
What's happening in the fight for online rights? Ask the EFF at 2 PM at  
.stops researcher who tweeted about airplane network security from boarding flight to security conferences. 
We hope to see you this weekend at Registration fees benefit online freedom defense. "In the late 90s, an EFF case helped establish code as speech and change strict US regulations on encryption. 
Annual donors sustain EFF's fight for user rights. Remember to renew (or start!) your membership this year: 
"The White House is asking Congress to rush secret, anti-user deals like the TPP through to approval. Alabama law makes it a crime to help state inmates post to social media. 
The new Fast Track bill would legitimize White House secrecy and clear the way for anti-user trade deals like TPP: 
"This week in 1996, an EFF case led to the first US court ruling to say code is speech  
"Today in 1993 we met the backdoored Clipper Chip. Even now, the government still hasn't learned from its failures. 
The Fast Track bill will do nothing to fix anti-user provisions in TPP. Help us tweet at lawmakers to oppose it: 
Three Paths to Better Open Wireless Routers BREAKING: Senate and House introduce Fast Track bill to rush congressional approval for TPP. Take action now: 
"PSA: It is legal to record the cops. Since they don't always seem to know that, you should know your rights: 
"Bad patents stifle innovation, so sent a delegation to DC to explain the problem to policymakers: 2pmEST to discuss data privacy 
What if Martin Luther King Jr.'s “Letter from Birmingham Jail” had been a Facebook post? Curious about new certificate authority Learn more with EFF's Seth Schoen this weekend at 
Jailbreaking is not a crime. Speak out now to defend your rights: "As war rages in Yemen, the Internet too becomes a battlefield. More in Volume 2.7 of Digital Citizen: 
Check out the new playlist we've added to Surveillance Self-Defense for LGBTQ youth: 
Help us tweet at Sen. and call on him to stand strong for users and oppose Fast Track for the TPP: 
Groups from across the political spectrum are joining forces to fight mass surveillance under the Patriot Act: 
Tomorrow at the Virginia statehouse: a moment of truth in mass surveillance reform 
The House Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing on patent trolls and the Innovation Act. Watch live now: 
Canada's Week of Education is underway! Here's how you can help stop this reckless bill in its tracks: 
"The White House keeps TPP texts classified, to allow Hollywood to get anti-user policies passed in secret. 
"If you're in San Francisco, we hope to see you at this Sunday. Join us for an ""Ask EFF"" panel at 2 pm 
"Why does push to extend copyright terms in TPP, despite domestic concerns? Good question, IP Watch: 
EFF supports the London Manifesto in which libraries and archives call for across Europe: 
"EFF signs on to joint letter urging Canada to dismiss anti-terror legislation, Bill C-51: Virginia lawmakers passed strong surveillance reform. Now they just need to block the governor's amendments. 
"EFF is excited to join DEF CON as part of Crypto; Privacy Village at with special guest Calling all IT security pros--want to sign a letter telling congress CISA is a terrible idea? Contact me! 
Las violaciones de la neutralidad de la red ponen en peligro la libertad de los usuarios: Get some new DRM-free video games for the weekend—and support EFF's digital rights work—with Humble Indie Bundle 14: 
You've got until April 14 to submit public comments on the .gov  Standard: 
Thousands of Canadians set to rally against secret police Bill C-51. Here's how you can help We're excited to announce that will be at Tribeca Film Festival this year: 
Encrypt the feds! OMB wants public comments on a new  Standard: Live in Virginia? Tell your lawmakers to hold the line on surveillance reform 
This is it. This is when we when we stop mass surveillance. Stand with us to 
"How hard is it to make a truly anonymous phone call? One artist has devised a way, but it's not easy. 
"Cutting edge topics; exciting speakers at Southwestern Law School privacy conference, Friday April 17 in LA: "The law shouldn't be behind a paywall—and that includes patent law, Federal Circuit. 
"EFF, Human Rights Watch launch court challenge over DEA's bulk collection of phone records 
34 civil liberties organizations and tech companies have joined forces to end the Patriot Act's mass surveillance: 
Why and sued the DEA: mass surveillance is illegal no matter which 3-letter agency is responsible. 
Copyright bots once again stifling political speech: YouTube auto-blocks Rand Paul's presidential announcement 
Security researchers whose work benefits us all shouldn't have to worry about being subject to sanctions: 
"Australia has passed a mandatory data retention law, but the fight for privacy isn't over. 
Lawmakers are poised to introduce a bill to fast track the TPP through Congress this month. Act now: 
We made a few edits to mission statement (such as including the Constitution) 
"New South Wales attacks researchers who found Internet voting vulnerabilities. Next time, don't shoot the messenger. 
EFF really,3s those digital rights 
"We think car owners should have the right to repair and tinker with their cars. Turns out, car makers don't. 
"Great to see another federal agency get on the public access to research bandwagon. This week, it's NIST: 
"EFF is hiring. Writers and web developers, please join the fight for digital rights: 
John Oliver sits down with Edward Snowden. Watch here:  Then speak out against NSA spying: 
"Thailand, with a long and ongoing history of net censorship, has passed an oddly positive copyright safe harbor law: 
Need help picking more secure tools? Our Surveillance Self-Defense guide outlines some factors to consider:  In the Bay Area? We're hosting an Open Wireless router hackathon on April 18 with Riscure and 
2000 people support our petition for your right to repair and tinker with your car. Join them? 
Our friends explain why surveillance reform must not include mandatory data retention: 
"There's value in letting prisoners post their ideas to social media via friends. Just see Chelsea Manning's new Twitter account, "Next Friday, join us at the Goethe-Institut SF for a panel discussion on tech design, data collection, and privacy: 
"We think car owners should have the right to repair and tinker with their cars. Turns out, car makers don't. 
Have you updated to the latest version of  Everywhere? Thousands of new rules for more secure browsing: 
The Georgia Supreme Court has overturned an order that threatened an online forum discussing copyright trolls: 
"Fair use and other user safeguards in copyright face a serious threat from the TPP's ""investor-state"" provisions: SpaceX photos are now in the public domain. Yours can be too: "Tor Project Director says: ""Tor might not exist today if Shari hadn't helped us."" 
"Reflections on Shari Steele's lasting legacy of digital rights from friends, colleagues, and former EFF staff 
Leaked TPP text reveals provisions that enable companies to sue countries over pro-user rights in copyright law: 
China hijacks browsers and attacks GitHub in attempt to censor critical content. 
One day only: pay what you want for classic games like stickball and ball-in-cup and support EFF! 
"""War Games"" reportedly prompted bad US hacking laws. What's the next movie plot to scare lawmakers about crypto? 
"Awesome: SpaceX has dedicated its photos to the public domain. Even better: Everybody else can now, too. 
"Digital Citizen has the latest news, policy, and research on human rights and technology in the Arab World: 
"What if the Director of National Intelligence's mission was to serve the public, rather than the spy community? 
Companies could sue governments for building user protections into copyright rules? This new TPP leak is no joke: 
Ictory-Vay! EFF wins legal battle to have Pig Latin approved for civilian use: 
Exclusive news in today's EFFector: Is your sysadmin vulnerable to PANIC? 
What's happening in the Arab world? Check out Digital Citizen  and subscribe for updates 
"Subway and McDonald's were sued for infringing March's Stupid Patent of the Month on... GPS tracking, or something 
"Happy 5th birthday to our  hosting partner; provider of encrypted services. 
"Thank you for your years of leadership, Shari. Good luck on your next adventure!"
"After 15 years as our Executive Director, Shari Steele shares some final reflections on EFF: 
"Despite stubborn public defense of the program, NSA considered ending phone records collection before Snowden leaks. 
"Federal judge shuts down Mississippi AG's ""bad faith"" abuse of power in high-profile case against Google. 
"The US claims it has a thorough policy on whether to stockpile zero-days. After our FOIA suit, we're not so sure 
Are you a writer with a passion for technology and civil liberties? We've got the perfect job for you: 
"A Friday haiku:
Let's install it everywhere
Encrypt all the things!"
"EFF to New York: The revised BitLicense proposal is better, but it's still not great. 
Check out the changes and additions we've recently made to Surveillance Self-Defense: 
At We're having office hours at the booth and speaking tomorrow at 12:30: 
Check out podcasting champion and other fellow comedians in a humble bundle benefiting and EFF: 
"Remember the 90s, when the FBI was making, um, exactly the same backwards arguments for crypto backdoors? 
UN Human Rights Council Appoints Special Rapporteur on the Right to Privacy 
"Australian Federal Parliament passes contentious data
retention bill: 
"Even if the FBI won't tell you how to keep your cell phone data safe, we still will: 
The FBI has quietly removed its mobile crypto tips now that it demands backdoors that make everybody less safe: 
California law enforcement committee finally takes “No” for an answer on DMV photo sharing and facial recognition 
"Congress sure makes things confusing. To be clear:
NO to Fast Track: 
YES to FASTR: 
Our friends at the Wikimedia Foundation have released a strong open access policy for research they support: 
"We've previously analyzed the TPP ""investor-state"" provisions and the threat they pose to user protections in law: Open Access is back on the agenda in Congress. Tell your lawmaker to support FASTR today: 
CryptoRave 2015 is right around the corner!  Check out what is planning this year.
"BREAKING: After 1,500 concerned emails from Californians, DMV photo-sharing and face recognition has been removed from CLETS strategic plan"
Are you an Amazon shopper? Use eligible purchases to support EFF with  Major tech companies join EFF in demanding Congress end mass spying: 
"Indian court, echoing the rules Internet platforms can't be forced to censor without court order: 
Indian court victory bears out the need for the on Intermediary Liability: 
The White House confirms it wouldn't continue bulk phone records collection if Section 215 expires on June 1. Sen. and are pressing the DOJ for answers on Stingrays: 
The Senate Intelligence Committee passed a surveillance bill in disguise last week: 
"Announcing the promoting rights and innovation by limiting intermediaries' liability for content 
"Instead of just clarifying its policies, Facebook should be making them fairer: 
EFF joins a multi-sectoral coalition to oppose a proposed EU directive that would expand trade secrets. 
"Florida's got an unconstitutional plan to crack down on anonymous online speech. FL residents, stop this thing now: .I don't understand why this isn't the official logo for  already 
 will make setting up a website certificate so easy even a presidential candidate could do it! 
Nerdcore hiphop and animation unite in a benefit auction for EFF:  
The Senate Intelligence Committee passed a surveillance bill in disguise last week: "In Oakland? Join this Sunday for Don't Spy on Us, a concert promoting opposition to mass spying 
"In blocking websites, France abandons role as guardian of free speech 
"When does an online fantasy cross the line into criminal conspiracy? EFF weighs in on the ""cannibal cop"" case 
"Handmade stingray trophy from The Foilies ""awards"" ceremony w/and  
"When FOIA offices attack! Here's the final round of The Foilies, our Sunshine Week ""awards"" 
"The Senate Intelligence Committee advances ""cybersecurity"" bill to Senate Floor: 
NSA: Internet backbone surveillance is constitutional. Wikimedia: [citation needed] 
The Senate Intelligence Committee passed a surveillance bill in disguise this week: 
EFF tells PTO not to duck new Supreme Court law against abstract software patents: 
Reforms to the Freedom of Information Act could close some of the loopholes agencies exploit to avoid accountability 
"Happy Sunshine Thursday! Here's The Foilies Round 3: Redactions, mystery meats, and whole lotta irony 
Public records requests can help citizens police the police. Some agencies will say almost anything to avoid that: 
Even bad patents can be used as weapons by trolls. We tell the PTO: cut off stupid patents before they get issued. 
"In under 24 hours, 1,200 Californians have told the CLETS Advisory Committee to stop scheming about their DMV photos 
"Europeans dream of a digital single market for copyright works, but it won't happen unless they listen to users: 
TPP would require Japan to extend copyright by 20 years. Japanese artists and activists are campaigning to stop it: 
"The end of the ""Director's Cut""? The Senate considers a treaty that could let performers veto new uses of their work 
Artist is auctioning animation frames from Shudders video. Bid to benefit EFF! 
"If FOIA represents sunshine, government foot-dragging is a rain cloud. Here's some of the worst cases from 2014: 
In SF Thursday? Join EFF Attorney for a discussion on the role of tech companies in protecting privacy: 
Hollywood cynically puts its own interests before those of blind people by pushing for a special interest treaty: 
"Secrecy with stingrays, LPRs, and use of force: The Foilies Round 2 is all about law enforcement accountability 
Here's the paper trail leading to the backroom meetings to share California's DMV photos nationwide   
Californians: an obscure committee wants to share your DMV photos and add face recognition. Make some noise! Come drink semi-transparent beverages with us at the Sunshine Week Happy Hour on Thursday in DC: 
Massive coalition of Japanese organizations launches a national campaign against TPP's copyright provisions: 
"The party and panel is on now:   EFF and welcome NSA whistleblower Bill Binney at tonight's sold-out salon.  Which federal agency has the soggiest records? Find out in Round 1 of The Foilies 
Oakland is seeking resident comments on the recommendations of the Domain Awareness Center Privacy Policy Committee: 
"Catch EFF Activist at 3:30 in the Marriott on ""Anyone Can Prevent Cyberwar: Here's How.""  EFF Staff Attorney has tips on dealing with law enforcement for startups. 3:30 in the Hilton:  "Happy Sunshine Week! Here's Round 1 of The Foilies, recognizing most mind-boggling misadventures in the FOIA process 
EFF has tips on preventing cyberwar and the startup's guide to law enforcement. Catch either talk at 3:30.  "The FCC released its net neutrality order last week. It's not perfect, but the FCC got a lot right: 
ICYMI: EFF Staff Attorney wrote about we brewed our own NSA-themed beer for 
"We're at Stop by our booth in the exhibition hall, 
Congratulations to our executive director Shari Steele on a career achievement award from last night! 
Defend privacy and free expression in Canada by joining a day of action tomorrow to stop Bill C-51 
"The praises Pioneer Award Winner new work, which turns NSA data into art: 
We homebrewed an NSA-inspired beer. (It's got three hops.) 
That time we printed a ton of IRL blue ribbon stickers for our '96 Blue Ribbon Campaign  
When copyright threatens creativity: the Blurred Lines verdict is bad news for music 
"This Sunday, March 15, is day. Join us at EFF HQ for a Wikipedia edit-a-thon in his honor Spots are filling up for our show of Silk Road trial artwork. Join us Monday in San Francisco: 
Senate Intelligence Committee moves forward with terrible CISPA-like zombie bill. Tell your Senator to oppose it: 
White House tells intelligence agencies to consider the harm of leaving bugs unpatched. We're doubtful the CIA did: 
What are the problems with the patent system today? How do we fix it? Read EFF's in-depth report: 
"The latest Digital Citizen is now live, and it has a new home: Check out 
Victory! Paraguayan Deputies Chamber rejects Bravo and the Internet. Your messages worked: "Big content lost their battle against the Internet when SOPA died. Now they're at it again, with the USTR's help: 
Want to know more about digital civil liberties at SXSW Interactive? EFF has you covered: 
"Dear Please champion HB 571, a bill that protects individual privacy through increased transparency and judicial oversight."
Tell Congress: it's time for true NSA reform. A no vote on renewal of Section 215 of the Patriot Act is a start. 
Cyberfail: The government is pushing bad cybersecurity bills while ignoring attacks on Americans. "Nuestros amigos de piden seguridad para Paraguay, no vigilancia masiva! No  Guess who wasn't invited to the CIA's Hacker Jamboree? The answer won't surprise you. (It was Apple.) 
The USTR wants registrars to vanish domains without a court order. This is Hollywood's ongoing war on the Internet: 
"The Internet isn't cable television. Let's be thankful for that, and not regulate online video as if it were:  
"You have 48 hours to stop a horrible data retention bill in Paraguay: 
"Should streaming video services be subject to the same rules as television broadcasters? No, we tell the FCC: 
Should the public get to see license plate reader data? We're in court tomorrow to fight for transparency 
"Confused about how the NSA's upstream surveillance works? Check out the
graphic we created to help explain it. 
A dangerous court opinion interpreting the CFAA could make it illegal to violate an employer's computer use policy "Tomorrow in San Francisco, our friends at will host a discussion on public broadband. 
The agrees with EFF, other privacy advocates: the President's Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights is flawed. 
Take action! Tell Congress not to sacrifice your privacy in the name of flawed cybersecurity legislation: 
The White House has gone full doublespeak on Fast Track and the to mislead the public about its secret deals. 
Come to University of Miami on Monday at 10:00AM to hear talk about surveillance in Latin America: 
"In San Francisco? Join Bruce Schneier and EFF Executive Director Shari Steele as they talk data, privacy,; control. 
Computer security experts and privacy advocates are fighting flawed cybersecurity legislation. You can too: 
The Obama Administration is actively misleading the public about Fast Track and the We debunk their lies: 
The President renewed NSA's bulk phone records collection program again last week. Tell Congress: enough is enough. 
"In his new book Data and Goliath, explains why you don't need to feel hopeless about privacy: 
"What to Facebook is a ""fake name"" may be the expression of your authentic self 
Applications to work with EFF as a policy fellow this summer are due by March 12! 
"Start brainstorming ideas! This year's Open Access Week, held in October, is themed ""Open for Collaboration"" 
The government just can't seem to get its story straight when it comes to national security letters. 
A new bill in Paraguay would destroy online privacy. Act now: 
Our AMA is continuing on Tom's Hardware again today. Ask EFF experts your digital rights questions: Day is March 15. Join us at EFF for an edit-a-thon honoring the open-source software developer 
"CISA is supposedly a cybersecurity bill, but it looks a lot more like a cyber-surveillance bill: 
NY Times says Sen. Wyden is standing strong against White House secrecy for Fast Track. Keep it up 
"Today, you can ask EFF activists, technologists, and lawyers anything at our AMA: 
"Watch EFF researcher discuss Facebook, inmates, and solitary confinement on The Docket 
The STRONG Patents Act ignores the biggest problems with our patent system and turns back the clock on real reform. 
We're doing an AMA on Tom's Hardware! Come ask us anything! "Secret trade deals like TPP are a threat to users. please oppose Fast Track:  
Feel overwhelmed by digital security? Don't! You can start with threat modeling to figure out what tools you need: 
"In Brazil, an appeals court has thrown out a legal injunction against WhatsApp:  "We just published 2 newly-released, significant opinions from the secret FISA court. 
You can't block apps on the free and open Brazilian internet: 
Free speech fans in Florida: help us stop a bill that would outlaw anonymous websites. 
We need to tell our leaders in Congress to stand against the White House's scheme to Fast Track the TPP. Act now: 
Right now there is no way to tell if your computer has been compromised. This needs to change. 
"In case you missed it, here's February's Stupid Patent of the Month 
"Good news iPhone users! Today released  Signal 2.0, now supporting encrypted text messaging. 
BREAKING: Mississippi judge calls halt to state AG's outrageous Google investigation 
"Michael Chertoff, author of the Patriot Act, agrees with that the US shouldn't try to ban encryption. 
"A win in the US, but how about net neutrality for everyone? Join us, in a global coalition 
"We're asking; to oppose Fast Track for anti-user deals like TPP. Here's why: 
The latest Digital Citizen reflects on Charlie Hebdo and looks at new online restrictions across the Arab world 
"""Tonight's the night for a party and tomorrow we go back to work."" Our job ain't done. Let the celebration begin! for victory party 
Lawmakers are poised to introduce a bill to Fast Track anti-user deals like TPP through Congress. Help us stop them: 
"Hey Russell, thanks. You're awesome. Drop by next time you're in SF; we can plan ways to fight for Internet freedom together?",,Yarf. Buster models the new hat. Get one here:  
"Team Internet spoke, and the FCC listened. Net neutrality is now the law of the land. 
In case you missed it: EFF's testified in front of the House today on abusive patent demand letters. "Partial victory: FCC votes for bright line rules protecting but we're still worried about the general conduct rule."
Thanks to the community for supporting digital rights!  We're happy to fight by your side for privacy and freedom online.
EFF to Brazil: Anonymity is crucial for privacy protections in the digital age: 
Evidence of possible Superfish-related man-in-the-middle-attacks in EFF's decentralized SSL observatory: 
"If Congress wants to pass meaningful copyright reform, it can start by strengthening fair use.  Secret TPP provisions threaten to lock the U.S. into broken copyright rules that are already in bad need of reform. 
EFF's Danny O'Brien takes UK's ex-Defence Secretary Michael Portillo through the moral maze of Net censorship: 
"FCC's Open Internet rules must be clear, targeted,; transparent. A proposed ""general conduct"" rule is anything but: 
CS Monitor expert poll: Obama computer security info sharing proposal useless 
Spy little pony? CSE's PONYEXPRESS was meant for cybersecurity but is used for surveillance.  
The White House is misleading the public when it claims the TPP's restrictive copyright rules won't change US law: 
"Check out Defend Innovation, our in-depth take on how to fix the broken patent system: 
"The FCC's net neutrality rules are mostly welcome, but we're worried about the vague ""General Conduct"" section: 
"If you're a redditor, there are a couple of hours left to support EFF with a vote in charity drive: 
"Australia passes up the chance to add fair use to its copyright law, in favor of a failed copyright alert regime: 
These absurd DMCA notices illustrate why using robots to do a human's job is an abuse of the DCMA takedown process. 
Attention 3Ls and recent graduates: we're still accepting applications for our 2-year paid fellowship! 
Why aren't more news organizations protecting their e-mail with STARTTLS encryption? 
Nice! Assemblymembers in California are answering questions from right now about privacy rights: 
"Welcome our newest technology fellow, 
"Draft Australian ""three strikes"" code places Internet users under surveillance by self-appointed copyright cops: 
"NSA Director Rogers says backdoors are shady, demands them anyway: 
"Hollywood sent a creepy ""love letter"" to the TPP, celebrating its cozy relationship with US trade officials. "The patent system hinders creativity—but it can be fixed. We explain how in our ""Defend Innovation"" whitepaper: 
France's launches first legal action against their country's Internet surveillance laws: 
"You've been cheating on us with Hollywood lobbyists all this time, TPP. This relationship was doomed from the start. 
"Near New Haven? Love government transparency? Swing by the FOIA Bootcamp tonight, featuring EFF's David Sobel: 
The Santa Clara County Sheriff is trying to quietly buy Stingray technology with DHS money. Sound familiar? 
The Atlantic's explains the significance of CITIZENFOUR's Oscar win: 
Read the powerful speech Laura Poitras delivered when accepting Academy Award: 
"Want to learn more about Reddit AMA with Laura Poitras, and Edward Snowden happening now: 
Saudi officials struggle to marry popularity of social media with attempts to control information 
"Edward Snowden, Laura Poitras, and are doing a reddit AMA right now: 
"Today EFF launches Defend Innovation, a comprehensive plan to help fix our broken patent system. That face when you're the director of the NSA and Bruce Schneier shows up and asks you about crypto 
"If you're in NYC, come hear EFF's speak about fair use in art and photography at Columbia University today. 
Egyptian blogger Alaa Abd El Fattah was sentenced today to five years in prison  UK's spying court ruled that NSA/GCHQ information sharing was illegal. Find out if it affected you and take action: 
CITIZENFOUR wins Oscar for best documentary: 
Bad news: GCHQ and NSA stole cell phone encryption keys. Good news: there are ways to improve your mobile security. 
"We won ""One of a Kind .Org"" at the Stop by our booth for the last day of 
The Superfish adware on Lenovo computers is a serious security issue. Here's how to uninstall it: 
You can renew your annual EFF membership at our booth this weekend! (Accept no imitations.) 
Is Twitter giving in to Turkish censorship? 
Paraguayans rise up against mandatory data retention:   Good news everyone! EFF hats are back with a new style:  
The latest Snowden leak has serious implications for mobile phone users around the world 
We're extending The Foilies deadline. Submit your FOIA misadventures no later than Sunday night.  "Dear Twitter. Combating abuse is a good thing. ""Kicking people off right and left""? Not so much. 
EFF's latest case in Why one photographer decided to fight a patent on online contests 
Op-ed by, in the Guardian on the outrageousness of ATT charging extra for privacy 
Our friends at have launched a site that lets you find out if your communications were swept up by GCHQ: 
Five predictions for Chinese censorship in the year of the sheep 
It's Hold gov't accountable by nominating your most aggravating transparency tales for The Foilies. 
HOW TO: Remove the malicious Superfish adware from your Lenovo computer (h/t 
"GCHQ and NSA's answer to the question ""Can you hear me now?"" ""Yes we can, with this stolen cellular encryption key!"" FOIA frustrated? Feel better when you nominate your transparency horror story for The Foilies. Deadline tomorrow. 
"Hard drive manufactures need to demonstrate that they're safe from malware attacks, not just claim to be: 
A surge in patent troll lawsuits shows that the Innovation Act is still needed. 
Breaking: reveals how NSA and GCHQ operatives collaborated to steal cellphone encryption keys. 
The sophisticated online propaganda machine used by ISIS has affected dynamics on the battlefield 
"If you're in the Bay Area, join and friends tomorrow to tell big ISPs: Don't Block My Internet. 
Egypt to block websites linked to 'terrorism' 
"Lenovo's new laptops include a program ""Superfish"" that makes *all*  browsing unsafe: 
Many thanks to the digital rights community for supporting EFF in site-wide charity drive 
EFF to Supreme Court: the 4th Amendment covers DNA collection - including 'inadvertently shed' genetic material: 
Facebook says it supports authentic names. So why are users with traditional Native American names being kicked off? 
US lawmakers will introduce a bill to fast track TPP and TTIP through Congress any day now. Take action: 
Hey FOIA filers! You only have a few days left to send us your tales of woe for The Foilies. 
Here's a funny video about email privacy to kick-start your Wednesday: 
Success! New general license for Sudan allows the export of personal communications technologies 
EFF's anonymous NSL clients are backing Twitter's fight against gag orders: 
EFF defends photographer from patent bully wielding stupid patent on running a competition on a social network EFF joins 70 organizations in calling on the Syrian government to release imprisoned free speech activists 
In San Francisco? Come to EFF on Tuesday at 6PM to hear talk about Secure Boot and Trusted Computing: 
"This Valentine's Day, show you care by using encryption.  
"Given an inch, censors take a mile. Twitter's softer stance on censorship isn't helping them in Russia or Turkey: 
"Native Americans' account suspensions demonstrate that Facebook's ""real name"" policy is still broken. 
Valentine's Day is better when you share. That's why we're celebrating free software with 
So. Carolina sent 512 inmate profile takedown requests. FB mentioned not one in its transparency report 
Only one week left to submit your worst and weirdest FOIA experiences to The Foilies. Details here:    EFF and others urge the Office of Foreign Assets Control to issue a General License for Crimea 
France can now block suspected terrorism websites without a court order:  We saw this coming: 
Heads up potential EFF legal interns: applications for this summer internship round are due Sunday 
Hollywood still wants users imprisoned for file sharing. Our latest look at the TPP's criminal copyright provisions: 
"Bosnian Serbs impose fines for ""offensive Internet posts"" 
Celebrate the most extraordinary/egregious FOIA responses w/ us,  ht…"
Check out We work together to protect digital rights in Europe 
TPP's criminal copyright provisions: how Hollywood wants to send users to prison for sharing files online. 
"Hey stop the secret censorship of inmate speech: 
South Carolina prison guards violate Facebook's ToS to get inmate profiles removed for violating very same terms 
"EFF to UN: Reaffirm the freedom to use encryption. Protect the right to speak, access; read anonymously. 
Journalism groups file briefs supporting our lawsuit to get LA license plate reader data  and 
"Malaysian police use Twitter to crack down on dissent, the reports 
"How Russia punishes people for likes, retweets, and selfies 
South Carolina has sent hundreds of inmates to solitary confinement for accessing Facebook and other social networks 
Turkey cites national security as it cranks up Internet controls 
Apply to work with EFF as a policy fellow this summer! Applications are due by March 12 
Australia's defends the public domain against copyright extensions:  Two steps to protect against Flash malware attacks in ads: 1. enable click-to-play, 2. install Privacy Badger 
We told the UN how anonymity and encryption can save free expression online: 
"Oakland lawmakers say they ""support in principle"" one of the strongest municipal privacy policies ever created: 
Background on EFF and ACLU lawsuit that defeated a speech-chilling California law 
California abandons quest to block anonymous speech after EFF and ACLU suit: 
President Obama says he's waiting for Congress to deal with bulk phone record surveillance. Demand action: 
Twitter's latest transparency report shows a massive spike in user data requests from Russia 
"Harsh penalties for critical online speech in Bahrain, Mauritania, and more in the latest 
"A judge has ruled that ""state secrets"" prevent him from ruling on NSA Internet spying. We disagree. Here's why: 
A few global cultural treasures that we will lose for 20 years from the copyright term extension: 
"Big Brother Is Listening: is your ""smart TV"" spying on you? 
"These six countries hold the key to stopping the while preserving the memory of their cultural icons: 
How do people worldwide like Obama's new promises to respect their privacy? We asked a few. They're not thrilled: 
"Important: the court has not found that NSA surveillance is legal. Rather, state secrecy prevents our clients from getting a day in court."
"NSA Internet surveillance is so secret, the court refused to even consider whether it's constitutional."
"Today, the district court upheld dangerous state secrets powers. We won't give up the fight against NSA spying. 
EFF and 30 others from around the world commend the FCC on embracing Title II authority to protect net neutrality: We've had enough secrecy over these mobile-tracking stingrays on these mobile-tracking planes. We're suing the DOJ. 
Great work from on the state of information security education for journalists: Let players keep the games they love alive - the EFF and I have filed a DMCA exemption for abandoned game servers. 
Who knew transparency could be so delicious?  
"EFF is joined by six partners from around the world in debunking ""Special 301"" copyright naughty list: Tell Obama: it's time to reform Executive Order 12333. 
"When it comes to NSA surveillance, Obama asks Germany to stop ""assuming the worst."" 
How Asian governments embrace surveillance in the name of security 
Left: Samsung SmartTV privacy policy, warning users not to discuss personal info in front of their TV
Right: 1984 
"Your rights to tinker, repair, and remix are on the line. We're fighting to support them in the 1201 rulemaking: 
From the agency that brought you report that shames countries into adopting bad copyright laws. Our response: 
Huge tech and civil liberties coalition backs California's comprehensive electronic privacy reform bill 
"This post from explains how the Crimean IT industry is ""wilting"" under US sanctions 
"""Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace""  released by 19 years ago today! Check out the vinyl: 
PCLOB wants NSA to make public how many communications of U.S. persons are acquired under Section 702.  So do we. 
Here's what's wrong with France's plan to hold online platforms responsible for user speech: 
Let's put a stop to patent trolls. Tell your representative to pass the Innovation Act. 
"You bought it, you own it. Tell the Copyright Office to support your right to jailbreak your phones and tablets: 
Part of the Patriot Act is set to expire this June. Tell Congress: don't reauthorize mass telephone surveillance. 
A little fun reading for your Friday afternoon: introduction to security threat modeling. 
It's Do you know where your records are? Nominate your FOIA horror stories for The Foilies! 
Library groups call on and Sen. to oppose Fast Track for TPP over its copyright rules: 
"EFF amicus brief in South African apartheid case reminds court: IBM enabled Nazis to be ruthlessly efficient, too. 
"UK tribunal declares rules governing surveillance must be transparent, but NSA-UK info sharing continues: 
"New, chilling proposal from French President Hollande would hold companies accountable for speech TPP negotiators set to extend copyright terms 20 years. No way are we gonna take this.  
"Take a stand against Executive Order 12333, used to spy on millions of people worldwide: The Innovation Act—the best legislation targeting patent trolls we've seen—is back. Let's pass it this year. 
Tune in to this morning to hear EFF's Corynne McSherry take on the FCC's strong net neutrality proposal 
"Check out our efforts to monitor ""warrant canaries"" and the government's secret requests for your data: 
Hey Congress: Email privacy law was written in 1986. It's time for an upgrade. 
New Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board report makes it clear: NSA's bulk phone record collection must end. 
TPP negotiators have decided to extend copyright terms to life+70. Now we're sure we have to kill this thing. 
Very proud of this. Great job, team 
Why should copyright law keep you from fixing your car? Take action:  
Oakland's Public Safety Committee will consider a privacy policy for the Domain Awareness Center. take: "Bills introduced today could bring stronger privacy to email, private Facebook messages, Twitter DMs; more: 
"Secure our Borders First Act would force Customs and Border Protection to use drones 16 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
Huge win for net neutrality as Chairman Wheeler announces Title II (with strong forbearance) for ISPs. 
"BREAKING: FCC Chairman's new rules ""to preserve the internet as an open platform for innovation; free expression"" 
Turn your laptop into a billboard for digital rights with these awesome stickers: 
"It's not just about drones. When others can remotely update your stuff, the idea of ""ownership"" radically changes. 
You bought it. You own it. Defend your right to jailbreak your phone: 
CDT's on what he thinks could happen if Section 215 of the Patriot Act expires this summer:  Thoughts?
"Hey you're letting third parties track your users' browsing habits. It's time to restore their privacy. 
Obama just announced changes to NSA data collection. We're not impressed. 
From the New York Times: President Obama tweaks the rules for data collection by intelligence agencies. 
"EFF tells the Ninth Circuit: the so-called ""right of publicity"" shouldn't trump free speech. 
"A victory for openness, announces that all grantees must release materials under a CC BY license 
7 reasons to be really excited about first transparency report: 
"Verizon Wireless has announced an opt-out for its tracking header program. It's a good step, but it's not enough. There's a lot to love about reddit's first transparency report: 
"We've joined a coalition monitoring the use of ""warrant canaries"" and secret government requests for user data: 
"Who really owns your drones? Responses to the White House crash reflect a scary shift in the idea of ""ownership"" 
We're still fighting Los Angeles cops over license plate reader data. Here's our latest appeal brief 
Battle over Google subpoena threatens critical online free speech protections:  
What better way to celebrate than submitting your open-records horror story to The Foilies? 
EFF files Supreme Court brief supporting hotel owners' right to challenge laws that violate the Fourth Amendment 
Good news for DOJ will finally give EFF a secret legal opinion on spy/cop access to census data. 
"This system for updating ""grass"" in video games is January's Stupid Patent of the Month  
The US government is still making factually inaccurate and misleading statements about Tor. 
You beat the UK's Snoopers' Charter. Now let's kill it forever:  
Our AMA about DRM law with and made it to reddit's front page. Join in: tweet_text
"OED Word of the Day: nugatory, adj. 
'Shroff' and 'add oil': can you help in our OED Appeals to find earlier uses of these words?  
"OED Word of the Day: mixty-maxty, adj. Oddly mixed or jumbled together; motley; muddled, confused 
"OED Word of the Day: mixty-maxty, adj. and n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ornery, adj. Originally: ordinary, inferior, unpleasant. Now esp.: mean, cantankerous, contrary 
"OED Word of the Day: ornery, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: makiwara, n.  
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
To whistle feebly is to 'wheeple' in Scottish and northern English dialects.
"OED Word of the Day: makiwara, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosimetric, adj. Written partly in prose and partly in verse 
A Tory - once upon a time - could be called an 'anti-Birmingham'.
"OED Word of the Day: prosimetric, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nunc stans, n. Eternity or eternal existence 
'To appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober' means 'to urge someone to give a more considered judgement', the phrase is now rare.
"OED Word of the Day: nunc stans, n. ""Blur like sotong"" a wonderful phrase, says editor at Oxford English Dictionary  
"OED Word of the Day: blimpery, n. An attitude that pompously and peremptorily rejects social change, new ideas, etc. 
Among the many synonyms for 'tipsy' are 'groggified' and 'half-seas-over'.
"OED Word of the Day: blimpery, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: waybread, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: waybread, n.2. A kind of sustaining food, originally in the works of J. R. R. Tolkien 
"'Trot-cosy': a Scottish word for a kind of cloak with a hood, worn when travelling in cold weather."
'Lepak', 'teh tarik' added into Oxford English Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Day: obfuscate, v. To render something unclear, obscure, or confused; to use impenetrable language 
"OED Word of the Day: obfuscate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: chocoholic, n. and adj. A person who is addicted to or very fond of chocolate 
'Drunkenship' was a 15th and 16th century term  for 'drunkenness'.,,,,East Asian words make it into Oxford English Dictionary You asked an editor… and here are the answers!  
"OED Word of the Day: chocoholic, n. and adj. Wah! Singapore terms like shiok, lepak join Oxford English Dictionary  19 'Singlish' terms have been added to the Oxford English Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Day: preke, n. An octopus; a cuttlefish 
"'Phoenicistic' is a rare, now obsolete adjective meaning 'of or relating to measles'."
"OED Word of the Day: preke, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cranachan, n. A Scottish dessert of whipped cream, whisky, oatmeal, honey, and berries 
"A blustering, bragging person can be known as a 'Drawcansir'. (1/2)"
"It comes from the name of a character in the play 'The Rehearsal' by George Villiers, the second Duke of Buckingham. (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: cranachan, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mondegreen, n. A misunderstood word or phrase resulting from a mishearing, esp. of song lyrics 
Did you know that a brief dream can be called a 'dreamlet'?
What's the best about editing the Tweet us your questions with "OED Word of the Day: mondegreen, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cryptarchy, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
"One of the earliest uses of 'atom' was for the smallest unit of time, approximately 0.1596 seconds."
"OED Word of the Day: cryptarchy, n. 
Do you have a question about language or lexicography? Tweet us with and look out for answers on 12 May!
"OED Word of the Day: quatsch, n. Nonsense, rubbish 
"OED Word of the Day: quatsch, n. 
Do you want to know how a dictionary is edited? Tweet questions for our Editors using 
"OED Word of the Day: antelope, n. Originally, a fierce mythical creature with long serrated horns 
"OED Word of the Day: antelope, n. "H.G. Wells provides the earliest known use of 'time traveller', from 1894, in the current OED entry."Our Editors want to answer your questions! Tweet us using and they'll answer a selection of the best.
"OED Word of the Day: descendentalism, n. A tendency towards dealing with material or worldly matters 
A 'ruelle' was an area around the bed where a distinguished person received favoured guests while in bed.
Is there something you've always wanted to know about words? Ask away with 
"OED Word of the Day: descendentalism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Askapart, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
Brits hate being 'tealess', the adjective is two centuries old.
"OED Word of the Day: Askapart, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muggins, n. A fool, a simpleton; a person who is duped, outwitted, or taken advantage of 
Do you have a question about the Tweet your questions with before 10 May and look out for answers next week.
"OED Word of the Day: muggins, n. 
"In Roman mythology, Maia is a goddess of fertility and of the spring, who probably gave her name to the month of May."
"OED Word of the Day: Harrington, n.2 
"WOTD: morris dance, n. A lively traditional English dance performed by a group of dancers in a distinctive costume 
"OED Word of the Day: morris dance, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nulla-nulla, n. A wooden club, traditionally used by Australian Aborigines 
"OED Word of the Day: nulla-nulla, n. "One of the earliest uses of 'atom' was for the smallest unit of time, approximately 0.1596 seconds.""OED Word of the Day: contronym, n. A word with two opposite or contradictory meanings 
Womblong: an obsolete and rare adverb meaning 'with the belly on the ground or along a surface'.
"OED Word of the Day: contronym, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bioastronautics, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bioastronautics, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
"'Selth' is an obsolete word meaning 'prosperity, good fortune, happiness'."
"Word of the Day: periergia, n. In rhetoric, the use of an excessively elaborate style to discuss a trivial matter 
'Selcouth' is a rare and obsolete verb meaning 'to make wonderful, to show as marvellous'.
"OED Word of the Day: periergia, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: potlatch, n. An opulent ceremonial feast at which possessions are given away or destroyed 
"A rare sense of the verb 'smug' is 'to smarten up (oneself or another, one's appearance, etc.)'."
"OED Word of the Day: potlatch, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: meuse, n. A gap in a fence or hedge through which hares, rabbits, etc., pass 
"OED Word of the Day: meuse, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ado, n. Action, activity; work, business; fuss 
"OED Word of the Day: ado, n., adj.1 (and adv.) 
"OED Word of the Day: nundination, n. Buying and selling, trade 
"'Owmawt' is an obsolete and rare verb that means 'to swoon, faint'."
"OED Word of the Day: nundination, n. 
A 'dodman' is a British regional term for a snail.
"OED Word of the Day: reflet, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rodomontade, n. and adj. Extravagant boasting or bragging; bravado 
"Although it might sound modern, the portmanteau 'glitterance' (glittering appearance) is found as far back as 1801."
"OED Word of the Day: rodomontade, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: philodox, n.  A person who loves or vehemently propounds his or her own opinions 
A (now obsolete) term for whispering or a whispering noise is 'psithurisma'.
"OED Word of the Day: philodox, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: murgeon, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: murgeon, v. To grimace at, make faces at (a person) 
An 'amphibology' is a phrase or sentence that is constructed ambiguously and so can be interpreted in two different ways.
"OED Word of the Day: adlubescence, n. Pleasure, delight 
"OED Word of the Day: adlubescence, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rhyparographer, n. A person who paints or writes about distasteful subjects 
"OED Word of the Day: rhyparographer, n. 
"Word of the Day: draco volans, n. A large meteor which burns or glows brightly on entering the earth's atmosphere 
'Decubitus is a term commonly used in medicine and means 'the manner or posture of lying in bed'.
"OED Word of the Day: draco volans, n. 
"A 'ferrule' is a ring or cap strengthening the end of a stick, tube, etc. It is usually made of metal; prevents splitting or wearing."
"OED Word of the Day: parleyvoo, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: nagual, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
'The gentleman that pays the rent' is a whimsical and obsolete term for a pig.
"OED Word of the Day: nagual, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Drake equation, n. "'Psittacism' is the mechanical repetition of previously received ideas or images, without true reasoning or feeling. (1/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: mucko-chummo, adj. Excessively close-knit, familiar, or informal with one's colleagues 
'Box the compass' is a nautical term which means either recite the points of the compass in order or make a complete change of direction.
"OED Word of the Day: mucko-chummo, adj. (and adv.) 
"OED Word of the Day: mataeotechny, n. An unprofitable or pointless science, skill, or activity. 
"OED Word of the Day: mataeotechny, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pejorism, n. The belief that the world is becoming worse. 
"OED Word of the Day: pejorism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: melanite, n.1. An imaginary stone supposed to exude a honey-like substance. 
"Lateritious is an adjective meaning 'resembling or made of brick', used specifically to mean 'brick red'."
"OED Word of the Day: melanite, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: Wordsworthy, adj.  
"'Ondful' is an obsolete adjective meaning 'malicious, spiteful, envious'."
"OED Word of the Day: Wordsworthy, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: psychagogic, adj. That influences the mind; persuasive, attractive 
Did you know that the word 'nemesis' comes from the name of the Greek goddess of retribution?
"OED Word of the Day: psychagogic, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: olykoek, n. A small ball-shaped cake of fried dough, similar to a doughnut 
Mermaids and mermen can be known collectively as 'merrows' (chiefly in Irish English).
"OED Word of the Day: olykoek, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pishogue, n. A spell, incantation, or charm 
An 'eggcorn' is an alteration of a word or phrase by mishearing or misinterpreting 1 or more of its elements as something similar. (1/2)
"Examples of eggcorns are “tow the line” instead of “toe the line”, and “to the manor born” instead of “to the manner born”. (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: pishogue, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: white night, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: white night, n. A sleepless night 
"OED Word of the Day: nullibiquitous, adj. Existing nowhere 
"OED Word of the Day: nullibiquitous, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: marlock, n.1.  A prank, a practical joke; a frolic; a playful gesture 
To 'hocus' somebody is to play a trick upon them. "OED Word of the Day: marlock, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: marlock, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: ruelle, n. The passage or space between a bed and the wall 
'Striddle' is a British regional term meaning 'to stand with the legs wide apart'.
"From Hollywoodize (1923) to Hollywood ending (1929), explore the language of La-la land (1979) with our timeline: 
"'Plonk', meaning 'cheap wine', probably comes from a humorous or colloquial pronunciation of 'blanc' in 'vin blanc'."
"OED Word of the Day: mooch, v. 
"In medieval times, a 'protocol' was a prologue or prefatory material."
"OED Word of the Day: mettlesome, adj. 
"'Sycophant' comes from the Greek for 'one who shows figs', but it's unclear why. Also, originally (in Greek; English) it meant 'informer'."
"OED Word of the Day: honky-tonk, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mater Dolorosa, n. 
"From Hollywoodize (1923) to Hollywood ending (1929), explore the language of La-la land (1979) with our timeline: 
"OED Word of the Day: pree, v. 
Which Californian words appear in the  OED? Explore the language of Tinseltown (1975) with our timeline:
Explore the language of California with our timeline:  
A collection of eggs can be known as an 'eggery'. "OED Word of the Day: moliminous, adj. 
The spectre-like face of the lemur led to its name: 'lemures' is 'spirits of the dead' in Latin.
"OED Word of the Day: kryptonite, n. 
Debag: to remove the trousers from (a person) as a punishment or for a joke.
OED Word of the Day: pneumatology n. 
Constult: to play the fool together.
OED Word of the Day: opera seria n. 
Learn more about March's OED new words and updates: 
The OED is very proud to be involved with the finalists we saw on Friday were outstanding. "OED Word of the Day: rapso, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: morbleu, int. and n. Expressing annoyance, surprise - see also 'blue murder' 
The adjective 'primaveral' can be used to describe anything taking place in (early) spring. OED Word of the Day: morbleu int. and n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rafflesia, n. A genus of plants known for their carrion-like scent 
OED Word of the Day: rafflesia n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muchwhat, adv. Pretty much, pretty well; greatly, to a considerable degree 
'Montivagant' is a rare and obsolete adjective to describe someone who wanders in mountainous areas.
"OED Word of the Day: muchwhat, n. and adv. 
"OED Word of the Day: handraulic, adj. Operated by hand as opposed to by machine 
"Galore' comes from the Irish 'go leor', meaning 'enough, plenty'. Happy Vlogging, celebrity gossip, and gotcha journalism: explore the new words in the  
OED Word of the Day: handraulic adj. 
OED Word of the Day: macrosmatic adj.  
"Infandous: an obsolete adjective meaning  'unspeakable, not to be spoken of; nefarious'."
OED Word of the Day: macrosmatic adj. 
OED Word of the Day: auteur n. and adj. 
'Hamartia' is the fault or error which entails the destruction of the tragic hero (with particular reference to Aristotle's Poetics).
OED Word of the Day: auteur n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nemophilist, n. A person who loves or is fond of woods or forests 
"Murk Monday was a name given in Scotland to the day of the solar eclipse occurring on Monday, 29 March 1652."
"OED Word of the Day: nemophilist, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ad eundem, adv. To the same degree, rank, or status at another university or institution 
"OED Word of the Day: ad eundem, adv. 
OED Word of the Day: Phoebus n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Phoebus, n. Apollo as the god of the sun, or of poetry and music 
"Word of the Day: Raudive, n. a supposed phenomenon in which voices appear on audio recordings made in silent places 
"A 'March beer' is a strong beer with good keeping qualities, brewed in the spring (now obsolete)."
"OED Word of the Day: Raudive, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ridibund, adj. Inclined to laughter; happy, lively (rare) 
A 'sitzmark' is an impression in the snow made by a skier falling backwards on his or her posterior.
OED Word of the Day: ridibund adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: perspicience, n. Keen or clear perception; insight  
"Cose: to make oneself cosy, as in 'we cosed round the fire'."
"OED Word of the Day: perspicience, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muliebrity, n. The characteristics or qualities of a woman; womanhood, womanliness "'Torpedo' comes from the Latin for 'stiffness, numbness', and as well as the weapon, it also refers to a variety of flat fish."
"OED Word of the Day: muliebrity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: recreant, adj. Designating a person who admits to having been defeated or overcome 
Did you know that 'cloud' originally referred to a mass of rock or a hill?
"OED Word of the Day: recreant, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nephology, n. The scientific study of clouds 
OED Word of the Day: nephology n. 
'Motherkins' and the now rare 'motherkin' are both affectionate terms of address for 'mother'. "OED Word of the Day: abnegate, v. To deny oneself (something valuable, cherished, or desired) 
"OED Word of the Day: abnegate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: studmuffin, n. Attractive men have been described as such since 1986 
Bumf (often used contemptuously for paper documents) came from 'bum-fodder', slang for toilet-paper.
OED Word of the Day: studmuffin n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bookaholic, n.  
"Trivia is the pl. of trivium, used in the Middle Ages for the lower division of the 7 liberal arts, comprising grammar, rhetoric, and logic."
"OED Word of the Day: bookaholic, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ball and chain, n. In later slang use: a wife, husband, or partner 
'Someone who watches television can be called a 'televisioner' (though the word is rare).
OED Word of the Day: ball and chain n. 
"OED Word of the Day: gambo, n. In Welsh English: any rudimentary, makeshift, or dilapidated vehicle 
"'Larked' is a poetic and rare adjective meaning 'with larks overhead, noisy with the song of larks'."
The OED is currently recruiting for a Product Manager. Follow the link for further details: 
OED Word of the Day: gambo n. 
"OED Word of the Day: quis, pron. School slang. Asked by a person giving away a particular object: 'who wants this?' 
The term 'leap day' was used as far back as 1600. "OED Word of the Day: quis, pron. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mammon, n. Inordinate desire for wealth or possessions, personified as a devil or demon 
The earliest film script cited in the is The Headless Horseman from 1922. OED Word of the Day: Mammon n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: persona muta, n. A non-speaking role, character, or actor 
"OED Word of the Day: persona muta, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bonus genius, n.  
A is a person who returns from the dead. OED Word of the Day: bonus genius n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philostorgy, n. Parental love 
Bafflegab is official or professional jargon which confuses more than it clarifies. The term is chiefly used in US English.
"OED Word of the Day: philostorgy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pom-pom-pull-away, n. Any of various chasing games similar to tag 
"'Whirlybird' is a slang term, originally used in the USA, for helicopter."
"OED Word of the Day: pom-pom-pull-away, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pernickety, adj. Of a person: exacting about details; particular, careful; punctilious "OED Word of the Day: pernickety, adj. 
The French term originally referred to a group of fashionable counter-revolutionaries formed in France after the fall of Robespierre. (2/2)
"OED Word of the Day: comitology, n. The study of the organization and functions of committees 
"The adjective 'bezzie', meaning 'of a friend: best; favourite', dates back to 1865."
"OED Word of the Day: comitology, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: paradoxography, n. A literary genre in which phenomena considered fantastic are described 
OED Word of the Day: paradoxography n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rannygazoo, n. Nonsense, deception; foolishness, fuss, exaggeration 
"OED Word of the Day: rannygazoo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: concentus, n. A harmonius combination, esp. of sounds 
"A methuselah is a very large wine bottle, usually holding as much as eight ordinary wine bottles can."
OED Word of the Day: concentus n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: micacious, adj. Sparkling, shining 
"'Hoghenhine' is a historical term meaning a person who has stayed in a household for 3 nights, and so becomes the responsibility of the host"
"OED Word of the Day: micacious, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oneirocriticism, n. The art or practice of interpreting dreams  
"'Glaikit' is a British regional word meaning 'senseless, foolish'. It can also mean 'thoughtless, flighty, giddy'."
"OED Word of the Day: oneirocriticism, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: peanutty, adj. In earliest use: small, insignificant, trivial 
"Aberglaube is the belief in things beyond the certain and verifiable. From Middle High German aber 'again, against'; gloube 'belief'."
OED Word of the Day: peanutty adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: uniterable, adj. Unable to be repeated; occurring only once 
Adipsia is a noun which means 'absence of thirst, lack or loss of the desire to drink, reluctance or refusal to drink'.
OED Word of the Day: uniterable adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: lovey-dovey, n. A beloved person, a sweetheart (used earliest in 1781)  Did you know that Geoffrey Chaucer was the first author to use the phrase 'love is blind'? Happy "OED Word of the Day: lovey-dovey, n. 
OED Word of the Day: Peter Funk n. and adj. A perpetrator of any of various ruses to raise prices at an auction 
OED Word of the Day: Peter Funk n. and adj. 
"Word of the Day: broomball n. A game similar to ice hockey, played wearing boots and using specially designed brooms 
Orexigenic is an adjective meaning 'that stimulates appetite for food, of or relating to the stimulation of appetite for food'.
OED Word of the Day: broomball n. 
An 'opsimath' is a person who begins to learn or study late in life.
OED Word of the Day: port-a-beul n. 
"In Scandinavian mythology, Niflheim is a region of eternal darkness, mist, and cold inhabited by those who died from old age or illness."
OED Word of the Day: preternatural adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: razzmatazz, adj. Showy, ostentatious; glamorous, stylish; dazzling 
is the last day of Carnival. The term derives from French Mardi 'Tuesday'... (1/2)
"... and gras 'fatty, greasy', (of a day) on which the consumption of meat products is permitted (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: razzmatazz, adj. and n. "OED Word of the Day: monkey business, n. 
"in American Football, a 'Hail Mary' is a long pass thrown into or near the end zone by a losing team as time is running out."
OED Word of the Day: Buffalo n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: psychedelicatessen, n. 
"A 'kiasu' (from Chinese) is a person governed by self-interest, typically manifesting as a selfish attitude due to a fear of missing out."
OED Word of the Day: takhtrawan n. 
"OED Word of the Day: dream world, n. An imagined or invented place or state of existence; a fantasy world 
"In sport, cellarhood is the state of being in the lowest position in a league or other ranked group."
"OED Word of the Day: dream world, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perstringe, v. To censure or criticize; to pass strictures on 
"Antithalian: opposed to fun, merriment, or revelry."
"OED Word of the Day: perstringe, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: yogibogeybox, n. The paraphernalia of a spiritualist. "In South African English, a 'crown birthday' is the birthday on which the numeral of one's age matches that of the day of the month."
"OED Word of the Day: yogibogeybox, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: novus homo, n. A man who has recently risen from insignificance to a position of importance 
"OED Word of the Day: novus homo, n. 
The earliest example of the gender-neutral title in the is from 1977.
OED Word of the Day: water bomb n. 
OED Word of the Day: morrillo n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muckender, n. 
A is a person whose diet consists only or principally of locally grown or produced food.
OED Word of the Day: zeppelin v. 
Tintinnabulation is a ringing of a bell or bells. It can also mean the sound or music produced.
"OED Word of the Day: rime, n.1 
It was used especially by the novelist Christopher Isherwood with reference to E. M. Forster (2/2).
"To 'tea-table', in literature, is to treat a dramatic event in a trivial or casual way (1/2)."
Thank you very much - this is really helpful!
Could you tell us which word it is and what sort of evidence you found?
"OED Word of the Day: abditive, adj. 
Panpygoptosis is a word for the condition of having short legs and is only found in Samuel Beckett's novel Murphy and discussions of it.
"OED Word of the Day: ryebuck, adj., (adv.), and int. 
'Rownsepyked' is a rare and poetic adjective used to describe a tree which has had its branches stripped of leaves.
OED Word of the Day: muskeg n. 
"OED Word of the Day: acatalepsy, n. 
OED Word of the Day: ribald n. and adj. 
"Pip, Squeak, and Wilfred': a group of three objects or persons, orig. referring to 3 characters in a children's comic strip (1/2)."
"The characters were respectively a dog, a penguin, and a rabbit, and the comic strip appeared in the Daily Mirror from 1919 to 1955 (2/2)."
Greenswardsmanship: a rare word meaning 'the cultivation of a lawn'.
OED Word of the Day: Velociraptor n. 
"You're all milvers! A 'milver' is a person with whom one shares a strong interest in a particular topic, esp. that of words and wordplay."Nappiness: obstinacy or disobedience on the part of a horse.
"OED Word of the Day: oniomania, n. 
"If you wear fancy hats or are just interested in wearing hats, you can be described as 'hatty'."
OED Word of the Day: urbane adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: blue devil, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rubricism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: will-call, adj. Designating a place at which a stored or reserved item may be retrieved 
A crabber is a person who criticizes or finds fault.
"OED Word of the Day: will-call, adj. 
A small beard can be known as a 'beardlet'.
OED Word of the Day: new jack n. and adj. 
"A 'mug-up' is a colloquial word (chiefly Canadian and Nautical) for a snack or meal, or even a hot drink accompanied by food."
OED Word of the Day: abatis n. 
"'Medialward': used in Anatomy meaning 'towards the middle or midpoint, specifically in the direction of the median plane of the body'."
"OED Word of the Day: aeronef, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mulier, adj., n.2, and adv. Of a child: born in wedlock, legitimate 
. discusses the history of the from the days of Minor, Murray to the present day 
Did you know that 'perk' (a benefit enjoyed by an employee or arising from a situation) is short for 'perquisite'?
"OED Word of the Day: mulier, adj., n.2, and adv. 
"OED Word of the Day: refragable, adj. 
OED Word of the Day: fire-flaught n. 
You may know the noun 'whipper-snapper', there is a verb 'whipper-snap' meaning 'to be impertinent, to behave like a whipper-snapper'.
"OED Word of the Day: mussitate, v. 
Sweedle: to swindle by wheedling.
"OED Word of the Day: nigget, n. 
"'Ramshandry' is a rare adjective meaning 'thoughtless, light-headed; impetuous'."
"OED Word of the Day: alastor, n. 
Nose-bagger: depreciative slang for someone who brings his/her own food when visiting a place rather than buying it locally.
"OED Word of the Day: panegyric, n. and adj. 
"The verb 'google' is older than you think: as early as 1907 a cricket ball could be said to have googled (if it was a googly, of course)."
OED Word of the Day: athame n. 
"OED Word of the Day: eucatastrope, n. 
OED Word of the Day: tellurian adj. and n. 
"Ridibund: inclined to laughter; happy, lively."
"OED Word of the Day: prosperous, adj. 
The word 'currant' comes from the  name of Corinth, currants were originally known as 'raisins of Corinth'.
OED Word of the Day: rarachose adj. 
"Hugaboo is a noun meaning 'portentousness, pomposity'."
OED Word of the Day: posture-master n. 
A 'titfer' is a hat, it is a shortened version of the rhyming slang phrase 'tit for tat'.
"OED Word of the Day: pernoctate, v. 
"Most people know the word 'logo', but did you know that it is short for 'logogram' or 'logotype'?"
"OED Word of the Day: obsess, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: agname, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: kinara, n. 
"Were you 'jingled' at Christmas? It is a rare slang adjective used in the USA and means 'intoxicated, fuddled'."
"OED Word of the Day: outglitter, v. 
"Did you know that 'twenty-three skidoo' was a popular US exclamation meaning 'go away, scram'?"
"OED Word of the Day: metagnomy, n. 
Candler: one who tests eggs (for fertility) by the light of a candle or an electric bulb.
OED Word of the Day: Monaghan n. 
Gongoozler: 'an idler who stares at length at anything.' Often with reference to people who watch activity on canals.
OED Word of the Day: lotus-eater n. 
Ever wanted a word for the state or quality of abounding in trees? 'Treeiness' is included in the OED.
"OED Word of the Day: pester power, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pseudepigrapha, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: philobiblian, n. and adj. 
Did you know that there's an opposite of 'inbred'? Someone 'outbred' is one born of parents who are unrelated or not closely related.
"Granny chic, Mx, and the Bank of Mom and Dad: new words in the OED:  via "OED Word of the Day: eye music, n. 
Hall of Shame (the opposite of a Hall of Fame) has existed as a term since at least 1900.
"OED Word of the Day: Richard Snary, n. 
"Divvy - meaning to 'to share out', particularly in 'to divvy up' - is from an abbreviation of 'dividend'."
"OED Word of the Day: Trophonian, adj. 
An 'ort' is a fragment of food left over from a meal. It can also be used figuratively to mean a fragment of wisdom or wit.
"OED Word of the Day: Roland, n. 
"'Strident' comes from the Latin stridere, meaning 'to creak'."
"OED Word of the Day: Major-Mitchell, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: Peutinger, n. Used with reference to a medieval copy of a Roman map of the world 
"OED Word of the Day: Peutinger, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rat pack, n. slang. A gang of disorderly young people. 
"OED Word of the Day: rat pack, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quack, n.2. A medical impostor 
Plutey is a colloquial adjective used in New Zealand to mean 'very wealthy'
"OED Word of the Day: quack, n.2 
"A high-class restaurant can be referred to as  a 'plushery' in American slang, but this is now rare."
"OED Word of the Day: demonagogue, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rambo, n.1. A variety of apple used in cooking, eating, and cider-making 
Did you know that the word 'asthma' dates back to the 14th century?
"OED Word of the Day: rambo, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: grind house, n. A cinema showing a variety of (poor quality) films in continuous succession 
"The Harry Potter books are quoted nine times in the OED for entries including owlery, earwiggy, and Muggle."
"OED Word of the Day: grind house, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quillet, n.2. A subtle distinction; a frivolous or evasive argument 
"'Xenoglossy' is the ability to use a language one has not learnt, as in tales of paranormal phenomena."
"OED Word of the Day: quillet, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: polemic, adj. and n. As an adj.: contentious, disputatious, combative 
"OED Word of the Day: polemic, adj. and n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mattoid, n. and adj. A person displaying erratic, eccentric, or paranoid behaviour 
"OED Word of the Day: mattoid, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: yarn bomb, v. To cover a public monument with knitted or crocheted items, as art 
'Pauciloquy' is the use of few words when speaking, economy of speech.
"OED Word of the Day: yarn bomb, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: uncanny valley, n. Refers to the unease aroused by some humanoid computer-generated figures 
You probably know more Dharuk than you think: this Australian Aboriginal language gave us 'wombat'. 
"OED Word of the Day: uncanny valley, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: twitterati, n. Users of the social networking service Twitter Love words? Can you get a perfect score on the Timeline Challenge?  
"OED Word of the Day: twitterati, n. 
Did you know that 'kaleidoscope' comes from Greek words meaning 'beautiful' + 'form'?
"OED Word of the Day: twerk, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: motey, adj. Full of tiny particles of dust; full of specks 
"If you do something from time to time, you could say you do it 'stoundmeal' - though this adverb is, admittedly, obsolete."
OED Word of the Day: motey adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: adventitious, adj.  Occurring as a result of an external factor or of chance 
"OED Word of the Day: adventitious, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: tenderpreneur, n. A person who uses political links to secure government contracts 
"OED Word of the Day: tenderpreneur, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: skort, n. A pair of shorts having a flap on the front to give the appearance of a skirt 
"'Storey' is apparently from the Latin 'historia', which may originally have denoted a tier of painted windows."
"it's already in the OED, with the spelling bollockwort."
"OED Word of the Day: skort, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: overgorge, v. To cram with too much food; to glut 
"'Though now largely superseded by 'billion', a 'milliard' is one thousand millions."
OED Word of the Day: overgorge v. 
"OED Word of the Day: old-earth, adj. a form of creationism which takes evidence of the earth's age into account 
"'Burrito' is the diminutive of Spanish 'burro', meaning 'donkey'. 
"OED Word of the Day: old-earth, adj. 
'Bibliotherapy' is the use of reading matter for therapeutic purposes in the treatment of nervous disorders.
"OED Word of the Day: janky, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: halo-halo, n. A Philippine dessert of fruit, sweet beans, milk, and ice 
"In American English, chiefly in Alaska, a nushnik is an outhouse containing a toilet, typically without plumbing. It comes from Russian."
"OED Word of the Day: halo-halo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: chossy, adj. A climbing term describing a crumbly, loose rock face 
"OED Word of the Day: chossy, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Antikythera mechanism, n. An ancient mechanical astronomical device 
"OED Word of the Day: Antikythera mechanism, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mug, n.4. A mist, fog, or drizzle; a dull, damp, or gloomy atmosphere 
Free article by the legendary Adam Kilgarriff: 'How Many Words Are There?'  via Oxford Handbooks Online
"The word yo-yo dates back to the early 20th century, and is thought to be of Filipino origin. 
"OED Word of the Day: mug, n.4 
"OED Word of the Day: pula, n. (and int.). A word for rain, used as a salute in parts of southern Africa 
A 'lexiphanes' is a person who uses bombastic phraseology.
"OED Word of the Day: pula, n. (and int.) 
"OED Word of the Day: ad hominem, adv. and adj. Originally a term in logic and philosophy 
"'Sitzfleisch' is the ability to endure or persist in some activity. (German, from sitzen 'to sit' + Fleisch 'flesh') 
"OED Word of the Day: ad hominem, adv. and adj. 
"In dressage it is used to describe a movement in which a horse lifts its feet in a slow, elevated trot, without making forward progress. 2/2"
"When used of a person, to piaffe means 'to strut ostentatiously'. 1/2"
"OED Word of the Day: samfie, n. 
Did you know that there are two varieties of Australian frogs known as 'pobblebonks'? 
"OED Word of the Day: Gigantopithecus, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ruptured duck, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: liver, n.3 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Sadie Hawkins, n. Designating a day when women propose marriage to men 
"Ah, clever teacher!"
'Farrago' - a confused group of people or things - comes from the Latin for mixed cattle fodder.
"OED Word of the Day: Sadie Hawkins, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: phoenicopter, n. A flamingo (now archaic) 
This is too true.
'Nope' is an English regional word for the bullfinch. 
"OED Word of the Day: phoenicopter, n. 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pease v. 
A is the day marking the midpoint of a working week, the OED's first written evidence for 'hump day' is from 1959.
OED Word of the Day: pease v. 
"OED Word of the Day: meshuga adj. and n. Esp. in Jewish usage: mad, crazy; stupid 
'Hysterical' comes from a Greek word meaning 'belonging to the womb'.
"OED Word of the Day: meshuga, adj. and n. 
"The earliest sense of the verb 'to free', in Old English, is 'to love (a person or thing)'. 
"OED Word of the Day: neophobia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moose, n.1. Pottage; stewed vegetables; a dish of this 
"OED Word of the Day: moose, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: reird, n. A loud cry, roar, or other vocal outburst 
"OED Word of the Day: reird, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: eye-washing, n. The use of speech or action which is only for outward show 
"In Australian and NZ slang (chiefly), to nut something out means to think something through carefully, or to puzzle it out."
"OED Word of the Day: eye-washing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: powder keg, n. A small barrel or container for holding gunpowder. 
Early senses of 'bonfire' include 'a fire of bones' and 'a fire in which to consume corpses'. 
OED Word of the Day: powder keg n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quarrons, n. orig. cant. The body 
"'Cobalt' comes from the German Kobold, 'goblin', named because it produced dangerous arsenic fumes rather than the hoped-for metal ore."
"OED Word of the Day: quarrons, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: aesthesis, n. The perception of the external world by the senses 
'Obambulation' is an obsolete word for the action of walking about or wandering back and forth.
"OED Word of the Day: aesthesis | esthesis, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ubiquarian, n. 
'Elucubration' is an obsolete word for the action of studying or writing by candlelight. 
"OED Word of the Day: ubiquarian, n. and adj. "OED Word of the Day: paranormal, adj. and n. Designating supposed psychical events and phenomena A bat was once known as a 'flitter-mouse' or a 'flinder-mouse'. 
"OED Word of the Day: paranormal, adj. and n. 
"OED Word of the Day: grandisonant, adj. Grand-sounding, giving the impression of grandeur; rhetorical; bombastic 
"'Globaloney', meaning 'nonsensical talk or ideas concerning global issues', has been around since the 1940s."
"OED Word of the Day: grandisonant, adj. "OED Word of the Day: godsend, n. 
"In the 15th and 16th centuries, 'bride' could also be used to denote a bridegroom. 
"OED Word of the Day: inukshuk, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: monoxylous, adj. Made out of a single trunk or piece of timber 
'Podagrous' can be used to denote a person suffering from gout.
"OED Word of the Day: monoxylous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: melch, adj. Mellow, soft, tender; (of weather) mild 
A collection of eggs can be known as an 'eggery'. 
Historical Thesaurus and Language Learning: The Possibilities  via "OED Word of the Day: melch, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: gooding, n. The action of manuring land 
"OED Word of the Day: gooding, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: relationship, n. The state or fact of being related; the way in which two things are connected 
"OED Word of the Day: relationship, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: obmurmuration, n. The action or an instance of complaining or criticizing 
'Window' ultimately derives from Old Norse 'vindauga' meaning 'wind-eye'. 
"OED Word of the Day: obmurmuration, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: dog-and-pony show, n.  An elaborate occasion or display designed to attract people's attention 
'Facey' is an adjective in Caribbean slang meaning 'bold, impertinent'.
"OED Word of the Day: dog-and-pony show, n. 
OED Word of the Day: hoverboard n.  "A yawn was originally a gaping opening or entrance, such as a chasm or abyss. 
OED Word of the Day: hoverboard n. 
"Mataeotechny: an unprofitable or pointless science, skill, or activity (a word used in the 16th and 17th centuries)."
"OED Word of the Day: maril, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: discoverture, n.2 The state, condition, or fact of not having a husband 
Nemophilist: a person who loves or is fond of woods or forests. 
"OED Word of the Day: discoverture, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: auding, n. The action of comprehending and retaining the information in speech that is heard 
"OED Word of the Day: auding, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pogonic, adj. Of or relating to a beard 
"OED Word of the Day: pogonic, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mirkning, n. Late twilight, dusk 
"'Tutu' comes from 'cucu', which is itself a derivative of 'cul', or buttocks. 
"OED Word of the Day: mirkning, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: right-ho, v. 
A secretary used to be a person who was entrusted with private or secret matters, a confidant, one privy to a secret.
"OED Word of the Day: right-ho, v. 
"'Linguipotence' is a mastery of language or languages, or the ability to use language."
"OED Word of the Day: mumchance, n. and adj. 
"Synonyms for the verb 'cough' include hooze, hoast, and tussicate. 
OED Word of the Day: quinquennial adj. and n. 
"The Scottish phrase 'cauld kale het again' refers to something served up once more, whether reheated broth or, figuratively, a stale story."
"'illaqueation: catching or entangling in a noose, snare, or, in extended use, argument. Obsolete."
"OED Word of the Day: neonate, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: wantaway, adj. Designating a footballer who wants a transfer to another club."
"OED Word of the Day: wantaway, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: po-faced, adj. Characterized by or assuming an expressionless or impassive face; (hence) humourless, disapproving"
"OED Word of the Day: po-faced, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: eyesome, adj. Pleasing to the eye; attractive 
"The Sealyham breed of dog is named after 'Sealy Ham', the home of the Edwardes family which developed the breed in the 19th century."
"OED Word of the Day: eyesome, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: discerptor, n. A person who pulls something apart; a person who divides or separates something 
"An idle person can be known as a lurdan, scobberlotcher, friar-fly, or scowbanker. 
"discerptor, n. - OED Word of the Day: discerptor, n. A person who pulls something apart; a person who divides or s... 
A new Appeal is now live, for the seasonally appropriate 'paranormal':  
"OED Word of the Day: empressement, n. - OED Word of the Day: empressement, n. Enthusiasm, effusiveness; animated d... 
"OED Word of the Day: empressement, n.  Enthusiasm, effusiveness; animated display of friendliness 
to tergiversate: to turn renegade, to use subterfuge or evasion.
"OED Word of the Day: hapax legomenon, n. A word or word form which is recorded only once in a text 
"Are you ever 'treaf'? It's an obsolete adjective meaning 'peevish, bad-tempered'."
"OED Word of the Day: hapax legomenon, n. A word or word form which is recorded only once in a text 
"OED Word of the Day: tin hat, n. and adj.  To have tin hats, to have on one's tin hat = to be drunk 
This relates to Edward Jenner's pioneering use of cowpox inoculation to protect against smallpox. (2/2)
"Did you know that 'vaccine' comes from 'vacca', the Latin word for cow? (1/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: palaeometeorology, n. branch of science that deals with atmospheric conditions in the past 
"OED Word of the Day: palaeometeorology, n. branch of science that deals with atmospheric conditions in the past 
"OED Word of the Day: sciolist, n. A person whose knowledge is only superficial, esp. one who makes much of it 
tatter-wallop: a fluttering rag, (also) a person in ragged clothes.
"OED Word of the Day: sciolist, n. A person whose knowledge is only superficial, esp. one who makes much of it 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oblectation, n. Delight, pleasure, enjoyment; an instance of this 
"forplaint: a rare, obsolete word meaning 'wearied with complaining'."
Did you know that the fuchsia and the dahlia are eponymous? They're named after botanists Leonhart Fuchs and Anders Dahl respectively.
"OED Word of the Day: oblectation, n. Delight, pleasure, enjoyment; an instance of this 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alerion, n. A bird believed to have no feet 
'Oxyphonia' is an obsolete medical term for an abnormal sharpness or shrillness of the voice.
"OED Word of the Day: alerion, n. A bird believed to have no feet 
"A 'dog in the manger' is a person who prevents another from having or enjoying something, though he or she has no personal use for it. (1/2)"
'Globaloney' refers to nonsensical or absurd talk or ideas concerning global issues.
The expression alludes to the fable of the dog that lay in a manger to prevent the ox and horse from eating the hay. (2/2)
"'Quellenforschung' is the study of the sources of, or influences upon, a literary work."
"OED Word of the Day: discept, v. To dispute, debate; (also) to express disagreement; to differ from 
"OED Word of the Day: pod person, n. A person considered to be conformist, unoriginal, or emotionless 
'Monkey's wedding' is a term in South African English referring to alternating or simultaneous sunshine and rain.
"OED Word of the Day: pod person, n. A person considered to be conformist, unoriginal, or emotionless 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: gammer, v.  An old woman; spec. a grandmother 
"OED Word of the Day: gammer, v.  An old woman; spec. a grandmother 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: subeth, n. Abnormal, esp. excessively deep, sleep. 
"OED Word of the Day: subeth, n. Abnormal, esp. excessively deep, sleep. 
'Jazzetry' is the reading aloud of poetry to a jazz accompaniment.
"OED Word of the Day: mouton enrage, n. A normally calm person who becomes suddenly enraged or violent 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: owling, n. The practice of smuggling wool or sheep out of England 
An 'oubliette' is a secret dungeon with access only through a trapdoor in its ceiling.
"In golf, a 'mulligan' is an extra stroke allowed after a poor shot (esp. a tee-shot) in a friendly game, not counted on the score card."
"OED Word of the Day: owling, n. The practice of smuggling wool or sheep out of England 
"OED Word of the Day: Procrustean, adj. Enforcing uniformity or conformity without regard to natural variation 
auto-burglar: a person who burgles his or her own house (found only in the 1884 novel 'Singleheart and Doubleface').
"OED Word of the Day: Procrustean, adj. Enforcing uniformity or conformity without regard to natural variation 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: diktat, n. A severe settlement or decision 
"firdon: a rare, obsolete Scottish word meaning 'to warble, to quaver while singing'."
"OED Word of the Day: diktat, n. A severe settlement or decision 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ahimsa, n. The doctrine of non-violence 
'Mizzle-kyted' is a rare and now obsolete Scottish term meaning 'having a red and blotchy belly'.,,,,New Appeals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the term 'lock-in'?  
"OED Word of the Day: resile, v. To draw back, withdraw, or distance oneself from an undertaking, declaration, etc. 
The current first example given in the OED is from Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. (2/2) "In fiction, 'black spot' is a piece of paper blackened on one side; used among pirates to communicate a warning (1/2) "OED Word of the Day: resile, v. To draw back, withdraw, or distance oneself from an undertaking, declaration, etc. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pluranimity, n. Diversity of opinions 
'Sea lion' used to refer to a kind of lobster or crab. From 'telly addict' to 'hoverboard': an update  
"OED Word of the Day: pluranimity, n. Diversity of opinions 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: earth horn, n. An instrument said to have made a subterranean din 
"The longest palindrome defined in the OED is 'tattarrattat', meaning 'a knock at the door'. It was used by James Joyce in 'Ulysses'. (2/2)"
'Palindrome' derives from Greek palindromos which translates to 'running back again'. (1/2)
"OED Word of the Day: earth horn, n. An instrument said to have made a subterranean din 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quercine, adj. Of, relating to, or resembling oak or oak trees 
Pejorist: a person who believes that the world is becoming worse. 
"OED Word of the Day: quercine, adj. Of, relating to, or resembling oak or oak trees 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pickle-herring, n. In later use: a clown, a buffoon 
An 'inadvertist' is a rare and obsolete word meaning someone who habitually fails to take notice [of something].
"If you're a 'jehu' you're a fast or furious driver, in allusion to the way Jehu, a king of Israel,  is said to have driven his chariot."
"OED Word of the Day: pickle-herring, n. In later use: a clown, a buffoon 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perissology, n. Use of more words than are necessary 
"'Allergy' is from German 'Allergie', from Greek allos 'other, different', formed on the pattern of German Energie 'energy'."
A 'hippophile' is a person who loves horses. 
"OED Word of the Day: perissology, n. Use of more words than are necessary 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: multiloquence, n. Excessive talkativeness or loquaciousness; prolixity 
"OED Word of the Day: multiloquence, n. Excessive talkativeness or loquaciousness; prolixity 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sub tegmine fagi, adv. From Virgil: under the cover of a beech tree 
"OED Word of the Day: sub tegmine fagi, adv. From Virgil: under the cover of a beech tree 
"OED Word of the Day: quaint, adj., adv., and n. Originally:  cunning, ingenious; elaborate, elegant 
floccose: a rare and obsolete word meaning 'furnished with a tuft (or tufts) of woolly hair'.
"Anatine: of or relating to, resembling or characteristic of, a duck. 
"OED Word of the Day: quaint, adj., adv., and n. Originally:  cunning, ingenious; elaborate, elegant 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: White Lady, n. A nun, a ghost, and two very different drinks… 
"'Luxury' once meant 'lasciviousness, lust'.""OED Word of the Day: White Lady, n. A nun, a ghost, and two very different drinks… 
"OED Word of the Day: prosopopoeia, n. rhetorical device by which an absent, or dead person is represented as speaking 
"'Rendezvous' is from a French noun, itself a specific use of the imperative 'rendez vous' meaning 'present or betake yourselves'."
"'Umbrella' came into English via Italian 'ombrella', ultimately from Latin umbra 'shade'. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosopopoeia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: largifical, adj. Liberal, generous, bountiful (obsolete) 
'Dismal' ultimately derives from Latin 'dies mali' meaning 'evil days'.
"dittography:  the unintentional repetition of a letter or word, or series of letters or words, by a copyist"
"OED Word of the Day: largifical, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: piddler, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: haver, v. Sc. To talk foolishly or inconsequentially; to ramble, chatter 
"OED Word of the Day: haver, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: parviscient, adj. Knowing little; ignorant 
"OED Word of the Day: parviscient, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: peaberry, n. A round coffee bean occurring as a single seed in a coffee berry 
"It is used chiefly in palaeography, which is the study of ancient writing and inscriptions. (2/2)"
"'Haplography' is the practice or an act of inadvertently writing a letter or word once, when it should have been repeated. (1/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: peaberry, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quede n. and adj. Evil, wickedness; mischief; harm 
"'Nostalgia' ultimately translates German Heimweh “homesickness”, using Greek-derived  elements (nostos “a return home” and algos ”pain”)."
OED Word of the Day: quede n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: waxhead, n. A surfer; a surfing enthusiast 
'Armadillo' comes from Spanish and literally means 'little armed one'. 
"In honour of Lord Montagu of Beaulieu, who died on Monday, let's celebrate the word he coined in 1967: autojumble 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: noonlight, n. The bright, clear light of the sun at noon "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: muzzy, adj. Orig. of a place: dull, gloomy, tedious What Happened to “O”? The death of an exclamation.  
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pipperoo, n. and adj. A remarkable, pleasing person or thing 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: havage, n. Lineage, parentage, ancestry 
'Carnival' probably comes ultimately from a Latin phrase meaning “to take meat  off (the menu)”. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Georgium Sidus, n. What Herschel wanted to call Uranus 
OED Word of the Day: Georgium Sidus n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Mamlambo, n. A water spirit in Zulu mythology 
'Bankrupt' is from Italian 'banca rotta' and literally means 'bench broken'.
OED Word of the Day: Mamlambo n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Quirinal, adj. and n. The northernmost of Rome's seven hills 
"'Abattoir' comes from French abattre 'to strike down, kill' + suffix oir."
OED Word of the Day: Quirinal adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Realpolitik, n. Politics based on practical considerations 
'Ignotism' is rare and obsolete word for a mistake made due to ignorance.
kench: an obsolete verb meaning to laugh loudly
OED Word of the Day: Realpolitik n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: skiamachy, n. A sham fight or argument 
Strepitant: making a great noise, noisy.
Cordiform: in the shape of a heart.
OED Word of the Day: skiamachy n. 
"Word of the Day: pari passu, adv. (and adj.) Side by side; simultaneously and equally; at an equal rate of progress 
"OED Word of the Day: pari passu, adv. (and adj.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: downwinder, n. A person downwind of a nuclear site 
OED Word of the Day: downwinder n. 
"Word of the Day: looky-loo, n. A person who views something for sale with no genuine intention of making a purchase 
Quoz: a colloquial word for an odd or ridiculous person or thing.
Mussitate: a rare and obsolete word meaning to mutter or murmur.
"OED Word of the Day: looky-loo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: natatorium, n. A swimming pool, esp. an indoor one 
Abditive: hidden. Also capable of hiding or concealing.
that 'jargon' originally meant 'warbling of birds'? (1/2)
The link to the modern use: both are unintelligible to those who don't understand them. (2/2)
OED Word of the Day: natatorium n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: purlieu, n. A tract of land on the fringe or border of a forest 
"Rutilant: glowing, shining, gleaming, glittering, with either a reddish or golden light."
Ventricumbent: lying on the belly.
"OED Word of the Day: purlieu, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: psychostasy, n. The judgement of souls by weighing 
Politicaster: a derogatory word for an inadequate or contemptible politician.
"that 'cloak' is from Old French 'cloke', a variant of 'cloche' meaning 'bell', because of the similarity in shape?"
OED Word of the Day: psychostasy n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adiaphoron, n. and adj. An issue or practice not considered to be central to a religion 
Nudiustertian: the day before yesterday."OED Word of the Day: adiaphoron, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Oliver, n.3. A slang word, now rare, for the moon 
OED Word of the Day: Oliver n.3 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: overcrowded, adj. filled uncomfortably full or beyond the normal capacity 
"OED Word of the Day: overcrowded, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: roister, v. To celebrate noisily or boisterously 
Brank: to march in a confident or demonstrative fashion, to strut, to prance.
"Chimerical: fantastically conceived, imaginary, fanciful, visionary."
OED Word of the Day: roister v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abbey-lubber, n. A monk living in idleness and self-indulgence 
"that 'feisty' comes from feist, a U.S. regional word for 'a small mongrel dog'?"
Nemorivagant: wandering in a wood.
"OED Word of the Day: abbey-lubber, n. 
Crinigerous: covered in hair, hairy.
Cruciverbalist: a crossword enthusiast.
"OED Word of the Day: Hand of Glory, n. 'Clue' originally meant a ball of thread. The modern meaning coming from its use to guide Theseus out of the labyrinth in Greek mythology.,,,,How to find the word born in the same year as you  
"Acatalepsy: unknowability, incomprehensibility, originally as a characteristic of all things, according to the ancient Sceptics.""OED Word of the Day: querulous, adj. Of a person: complaining, given to complaining; fault-finding; peevish 
that 'lemur' originally referred to  'the spirits of the dead' in Roman mythology?
Temulency: drunkenness, inebriety.
"OED Word of the Day: querulous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: prolix, adj. In various senses related to length, long-windedness 
OED Word of the Day: prolix adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: panjandrum, n. (A mock title for) a mysterious (freq. imaginary) personage of great power 
"OED Word of the Day: panjandrum, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: overner, n. On the Isle of Wight: one who is not a native 
that 'vermicelli' comes from the Italian word 'vermicello' meaning literally 'little worm'?
Macrocephalic: having an abnormally long or large head.
OED Word of the Day: overner n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: whit, v. To make a shrill abrupt sound, as a bird's chirp, a bullet, etc. 
Arctoid: resembling a bear.
"Jocoserious: half serious, half in jest."
OED Word of the Day: whit v. Kickie-wickie: a humorous synonym for wife used by Shakespeare in 'All's Well That Ends Well'.
Hebdomadally: once a week, weekly.Acersecomic: a rare word meaning a person whose hair has never been cut.
Wheeple: a dialect word meaning to whistle feebly.
"OED Word of the Day: omniana, n. 
"Word of the Day: workaround, n. orig. Aeronaut. A temporary or makeshift means of bypassing a technical difficulty 
"that the word 'glamour' originated as a Scots variant of the word  'grammar', popularized in literary use by Walter Scott?"
Gasconade: extravagant boasting or exaggeration.
"OED Word of the Day: workaround, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: narcokleptocracy, n. An elite whose wealth derives from illegal drugs 
OED Word of the Day: narcokleptocracy n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: gam, n.3. A social meeting among whalers at sea 
"OED Word of the Day: gam, n./3 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mampus, n. A great number, a crowd 
Macrosmatic: having a well-developed sense of smell.
Wanweird: an obsolete Scots word meaning ill-fate or misfortune.
"OED Word of the Day: mampus, n. 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: silver bullet n. 
Ailurophobe: a person who has an intense fear of or aversion to cats.
"that 'whisky' is probably a variant of usque, shortened from usquebaugh, from Gaelic 'uisgebeatha', 'water of life'?"
Here's how a new word enters the dictionary: 
OED Word of the Day: silver bullet n. 
"OED Word of the Day: refulgent, adj. Shining with, or reflecting, a brilliant light; radiant, resplendent; gleaming 
"OED Word of the Day: refulgent, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quipu, n. A device used originally by the Incas to record events, etc. How the word 'tunnel' went from France to England and back 
OED Word of the Day: quipu n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: highbinder, n. U.S. slang. Originally: a violent criminal, a gangster 
OED Word of the Day: highbinder n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ubi sunt, n. and adj. A passage or formula in a poem lamenting the mutability of things 
We commemorate the centenary of OED Editor James Murray's death with an autobiographical letter he wrote in 1903: 
"OED Word of the Day: ubi sunt, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: ear-bender, n. A person who talks quickly, excessively, or tiresomely; a talkative person 
"OED Word of the Day: ear-bender, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Robinson Crusoe, v. To maroon a person on a desert island 
Tenebrose: dark, mentally or morally gloomy.,,,The is looking for earlier evidence of 'email' - can you help?  
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: omniferous, adj. 
Tarantism: an extreme impulse to dance
"OED Word of the Day: omniferous, adj. 
Bagarre: a scuffle
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: bloviate, v. To talk at length, esp. using inflated or empty rhetoric 
Baisemain: a kiss of the hands
"that 'dunce' came from the the name of theologian 'John Duns Scotus', after his work became ridiculed?"
Walleteer: one who carries a wallet
OED Word of the Day: bloviate v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: querencia, n. the part of the arena where the bull takes its stand 
"Dreamery: the action of dreaming; delusion, fantasy"
Pogonotomy: the cutting of a beard.
"OED Word of the Day: querencia, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: noology, n. Originally: the branch of learning that deals with the mind or thinking 
Agelast: a person who never laughs
that 'pedigree' comes from the Anglo-Norman phrase 'pee de gru' which referred to a crane's foot?
"OED Word of the Day: noology, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Chiantishire, n. Tuscany, viewed as beloved of Brits 
OED Word of the Day: Chiantishire n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rutterkin, n. A swaggering gallant or bully 
"OED Word of the Day: rutterkin, n. Aptronym: a name regarded as humorously appropriate for its ownerSyncategorematic: describes a word that is meaningless without other surrounding wordsIn case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pinsplitter n. 
that 'queen' originates from the Old Saxon 'quan' which simply meant 'wife'?
Enceinte: a synonym for 'pregnant'
OED Word of the Day: pinsplitter n. 
"Did you know that 'calm' derived from the Old Spanish term for 'heat of the day', because that was the most quiet and still time?"
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: plutography, n. the graphic depiction of the lives of the rich 
"OED Word of the Day: plutography, n. 
that 'pipe dream' (an unrealistic hope or scheme) is named after the kind of visions experienced when smoking an opium pipe?
"OED Word of the Day: Crichton, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: jusqu'auboutiste, n. and adj. One who wants a fight to the finish 
Bletherskate: a noisy talkative fellow, a talker of blatant nonsense.
OED Word of the Day: jusqu'auboutiste n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moonballing, n. The action or practice of hitting high lobs 
"OED Word of the Day: moonballing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Mithras, n. A god of the ancient Persians, and later the Romans 
OED Word of the Day: Mithras n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nobbler, n. A person employed to strike inattentive members of a church congregation with a rod 
'Peccability' is the capacity to sin.
"OED Word of the Day: nobbler, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: aggravator, n.2. A greased lock of hair, esp. one worn over the temple or forehead 
A 'faciendum' is a thing that should be done.,,,,appeals: can you find earlier evidence of 'legless'?  
"OED Word of the Day: aggravator, n./2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nurdle v. To work (the ball) away gently, esp. to the leg side 
Still single? 'Opsigamy' is a marriage late in life.,,,,All are welcome to attend an event celebrating OED Editor James Murray on 24 July in Oxford. More info: 
OED Word of the Day: nurdle v. 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ear-tickler n. 
"The page of a book goes back to Latin pagina 'page', from pangere 'to fix, settle, compose'."
OED Word of the Day: ear-tickler n. 
"OED Word of the Day: abature, n. The traces left by a stag in the undergrowth through which it has passed 
'Defenestration' is the action of throwing someone out of a window.,,,,Capturing the interweb of words: more notes on the update  
"OED Word of the Day: abature, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ornithopter, n. A machine designed to fly by means of artificial flapping wings 
"OED Word of the Day: ornithopter, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: white rabbit, n. (and adj.) 
"OED Word of the Day: white rabbit, n. (and adj.) 
"The word 'finance' is from Old French, from finer 'to end, to settle a dispute or a debt, pay ransom'."
"OED Word of the Day: pluripresence, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Palio, n. A traditional horse race, as held on July 2nd in Siena 
A 'logocracy' is a community or system of government in which words are the ruling powers.,,,,This week's Letter of Recommendation is on a familiar yet often forgotten institution: The Oxford English Dictionary. 
OED Word of the Day: Palio n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: notaphily, n. The study or collection of banknotes 
In our latest appeals, we're looking for earlier evidence of 'parmo':  
that the hottest time of year ('dog days') can be described as 'canicular'? OED Word of the Day: notaphily n. 
"OED Word of the Day: opsit, v. Of a couple: to sit up together at night as a recognized part of courtship 
An antisocordist is an opponent of sloth or stupidity.
"OED Word of the Day: opsit, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Paul's Walk, n. The nave of old St Paul's, a place for gossipmongers 
QA with Fred R. Shapiro, who recently antedated the word 'African American' to a sermon written in 1782: 
OED Word of the Day: Paul's Walk n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pokerish, adj. 2. Mysterious and frightening; eerie, uncanny 
"OED Word of the Day: pokerish, adj. 2 
"OED Word of the Day: peristeronic, adj. Relating to or concerned with pigeons; suggestive of pigeons 
See a full list of the new words added to the OED in this quarter's update: 
"OED Word of the Day: peristeronic, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pie in the sky, n. and adj. Originally: a reward in heaven for virtue or suffering on earth 
'Abligurition' is a now obsolete noun meaning 'extravagant spending on food and drink'.,,,,'Yarn bombing' is one of the new words in the Find out what else is new:  
"OED Word of the Day: pie in the sky, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sciophyte, n. A plant that tolerates or grows best in shade 
Discover Philippine English in the OED update: "Thanks for asking! Once words are in the OED, they stay in. Our dictionary of current English is at 
Ten new ""on-trend"" words added to the Oxford English Dictionary 
48 words added to the Oxford English Dictionary every techie should know  And here's the blog post about all those new words: 'Twerk' dances into the - but the term has been around for longer than you think...  
"Could you contact us at dictionariesand our PR team will be in touch? Thanks!",,,,The just announced 500 new words and senses have been added to the dictionary - from 'Cisgender' to 'meh' 
Oxford English Dictionary adds ""fo' shizzle,"" ""cisgender"" and ""Masshole"" 
Freegan, yarn bombing, and the surprisingly long history of twerk: new words in the  
OED Word of the Day: sciophyte n. 
The rise of global English and the surprisingly long history of twerk: an OED update 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: havelock, n. Protection for the head and shoulders against the sun 
Tweetle (or tweedle): to produce a succession of shrill modulated sounds on a musical instrument.
OED Word of the Day: havelock n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: peripeteia, n. "OED Word of the Day: peripeteia, n. Heterodogmatize: to hold or pronounce an opinion different from that generally held."OED Word of the Day: aestival | estival, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: picayune, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: porteur, n. 
An 'acersecomic' is a person whose hair has never been cut.
The writer Graham Lord (1943-2015) said his proudest moment was being quoted in the OED for 'f**k':  via "OED Word of the Day: porteur, n. 
Kaffeeklatsch: gossip over coffee cups, a coffee party.
"The use of 'Waterloo' to mean 'a decisive and final contest' is found as early as 1816, in a letter by Lord Byron.",,,,OED appeals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the word 'bookmobile'?  
"OED Word of the Day: Iftar, n. 
'Euphemism' comes from a Greek word meaning 'to speak fair'.
"OED Word of the Day: ostrichism, n. 
"'Go-to-meeting' is an adjective describing one's smartest clothes, and also a noun designating those clothes."
"OED Word of the Day: pulchritude, n. 
"Are your cakes farinaceous? 'Farinaceous' means 'consisting of, made of, or containing flour'."
Oxford English Dictionary launches search for the original numpty:  via "OED Word of the Day: nithing, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: friendful, adj. Friendly, well-disposed, loving 
"OED Word of the Day: friendful, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rafty, adj. Musty, sour-smelling; (of food) stale, rancid 
"OED Word of the Day: rafty, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: prothalamion, n. A song or poem written in celebration of a (forthcoming) wedding 
Can you help the OED find evidence of the noun 'parmo' earlier than 2003? Submit your examples here:  A 'grinagog' is someone who is always grinning.
"OED Word of the Day: prothalamion, n. 
Do you know why Bill Murray appears in the OED? 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: recrudescence, n. The action or fact of breaking out afresh… 
Hungry? A 'bouffage' is an enjoyable or satisfying meal.
"OED Word of the Day: recrudescence, n. 
"'Sabotage' comes from French saboter 'to make a noise with sabots, to perform or execute badly'."
"OED Word of the Day: booze cruise, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rixation, n. A quarrel, an argument; (also) a fight, a brawl 
Lost for words? 'Onomatomania' is the frustration at being unable to think of an appropriate word.
"OED Word of the Day: rixation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: plum, v. To swell up; to become light or spongy, as dough when rising 
"'Aviation' derives from 'avis', which means 'bird' in Latin."
"OED Word of the Day: plum, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: obrute, v. To overwhelm; to cover over 
"OED Word of the Day: obrute, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: frample, v.2. Of a horse: to paw the ground 
"OED Word of the Day: frample, v.2 
"In case you missed it : OED Word of the Day: nice-but-dim, adj. 
"'Guddle' is a Scottish term, meaning 'to catch (fish) with the hands, by groping under the stones or banks of a stream'."
"OED Word of the Day: nice-but-dim, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: obtund, v. to blunt, deaden; to deprive of sharpness or vigour 
"'Solecism', a grammatical mistake in speech or writing, comes from Greek soloikismos, from soloikos 'speaking incorrectly'.",,,,OED appeals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the word 'mullet'?  
"OED Word of the Day: obtund, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nabocklish, int. In Irish English: 'never mind!', 'leave it alone!' 
"'Zany' comes from the Italian 'zan(n)i', the stock name of servants who act as clowns in the 'Commedia dell' arte'."
"While the and dates to 2013, 'bad blood' goes back to the 17th century: 
"OED Word of the Day: nabocklish, int. "OED Word of the Day: scintillate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pleonexia, n. Excessive covetousness, avarice, or greed 
'Omophagy' is the practice of eating raw flesh.
"OED Word of the Day: pleonexia, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: quiddle, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: prede, n. Plunder, spoils, booty; a trophy 
"OED Word of the Day: prede, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: quiddle, v. In later use: to busy oneself with unimportant matters or trivial tasks 
"The name of the 'macaroon' biscuit ultimately comes from the Italian word 'ammaccare', meaning 'to crush' "OED Word of the Day: riva, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abactor, n. A person who steals livestock, esp. herds of cattle In this week's appeals we're looking for earlier evidence of 'jolly hockey sticks':  
The latch of a door or gate can be called a 'sneck'.
"OED Word of the Day: abactor, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: unpublish, v. To remove (an article, web site, etc.) from the Internet 
A 'flibbertigibbet' is a chattering or gossiping person.
"OED Word of the Day: unpublish, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: badinage, n. Humorous, witty, or trifling discourse; banter; frivolous raillery 
Tenebrio (noun): one who lurks in the dark, a night-prowler.
"OED Word of the Day: badinage, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oo, n. A type of Hawaiian bird, now thought extinct 
"The 'lurch' in 'leave someone in the lurch' refers to a French game, no longer known, supposed to have resembled backgammon."
'Melomania' is an enthusiasm or obsessive passion for music.
"OED Word of the Day: oo, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: nock, v. Most commonly: to fit an arrow to a bowstring ready for shooting 
"OED Word of the Day: nock, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: Jua Kali, n. In Kenya: informal work of a kind typically performed outdoors 
Going out tonight? A 'noceur' is a person who stays up late at night.
"OED Word of the Day: Jua Kali, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alba, n. A poem involving the dawn or early morning 
Friday-faced: having a serious or gloomy face or expression, miserable-looking. Now chiefly archaic.
"OED Word of the Day: alba, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moodle, v. To dawdle aimlessly; to idle time away 
'Slonk' is a now-obsolete verb meaning 'to swallow greedily'.,,,,Can you help the find earlier examples of usage of the word  
"OED Word of the Day: moodle, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: honeysome, adj. Full of honey or sweetness 
"In the early Victorian period, an 'aggravator' was a greased lock of hair, esp. one worn over the temple or forehead."
"OED Word of the Day: honeysome, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: philtre | philter, n. A love potion; (also more generally) a drug with magical properties 
Logomachy is an argument about words.
"OED Word of the Day: philtre | philter, n. 
Kakistocracy is the government of a state by the worst citizens.
"OED Word of the Day: pink, adj.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quizzing glass, n. a single eyeglass; a monocle 
"OED Word of the Day: quizzing glass, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: madefy, v. To make wet; to moisten 
"OED Word of the Day: madefy, v. 
'Mizzle-shinned' is a now rare Scottish adjective meaning 'having one's legs red and blotched from sitting too near a fire'.
"OED Word of the Day: moon-faced, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: ballon d'essai, n.  An experimental measure or proposal, a 'feeler' 
OED appeals: can you find earlier examples of usage of the word 'jackalope'? 
"'Sesquipedalian', meaning 'of many syllables', comes from Latin sesquipedalis 'a foot and a half long'.",,,,The needs you! Can you help us find earlier evidence of the word 'jackalope'?  
"OED Word of the Day: ballon d'essai, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: unobtainium, n. A hypothetical substance that would be highly desirable but is unobtainable 
'Onomatopoeia' came into English via late Latin, it is derived from the Greek 'onomatopoiia' meaning 'word-making'.
"OED Word of the Day: unobtainium, n. 
An ailurophile is a person who is fond of or enthusiastic about cats, a cat-lover.,,,'Manifesto' ultimately comes from the Latin 'manifestus' meaning 'obvious': 
"OED Word of the Day: polyhistor, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Nobodaddy, n. 
St. Vitus's dance is the name given to a dancing madness which spread in the 15th century throughout Europe.
"OED Word of the Day: Nobodaddy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: potwaller, n. A male householder or lodger with his own separate fireplace… 
"OED Word of the Day: potwaller, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alimental, adj. Nourishing, nutritious; nutritional 
"OED Word of the Day: alimental, adj. 
OED Word of the Day: psephocracy: The form of government which results from the election of representatives by ballot 
'Lycanthropy' is a kind of insanity in which a patient imagines himself or herself to be a wolf.
"OED Word of the Day: psephocracy, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: galanty show, n. 
'Politicophobia' is an irrational fear of politics or politicians. "'Ballot', from Italian ballotta 'small ball', originally denoted a small coloured ball placed in a container to register a vote "OED Word of the Day: galanty show, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pulicose, adj. Infested with fleas; caused by or resembling the bite of a flea 
"'Mellifluous' is from late Latin 'mellifluus', from mel 'honey' + fluere 'to flow'."
"OED Word of the Day: pulicose, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: blackguard, n. and adj. Eucatastrophe - a sudden and favourable resolution of events, a happy ending  that 'stiletto' literally means 'a small dagger'?
"OED Word of the Day: blackguard, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: rubicund, adj. Reddish in colour, tending to redness 
A 'slug-a-bed' is a person who lies long in bed through laziness.
"OED Word of the Day: Cullen Skink, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: citramontane, adj. and n. That is or relates to this side of the mountains 
"OED Word of the Day: rubicund, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pelf, n. Money, riches (esp. viewed as a corrupting influence); lucre 
"OED Word of the Day: citramontane, adj. and n. 
Cryonaut - a person who is cryogenically preserved with a view to being revived in the distant future
To 'go gaga' over somebody as in 'to be crazy' comes from the French 'gaga' meaning 'a senile person'.
"OED Word of the Day: pelf, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: epistling, n. The action or practice of writing letters 
Deipnophobia is defined as a 'dread of dinner-parties'.
"OED Word of the Day: epistling, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: psychotronics, n. The study of interactions between matter, energy, and consciousness 
"Do you 'balter' on It means to tumble about, to dance clumsily."
Tarantism is a psychological illness characterized by an extreme impulse to dance. "OED Word of the Day: psychotronics, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Risley, n. 
A 'quidnunc' is a person who constantly asks: 'What now?', an inquisitive or nosy person, a gossip.
"Dog-wheel, dog lame, and dog-Latin: explore the OED entry for 'dog' 
"OED Word of the Day: Risley, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: earwig, v. To importune or pester; (also) to eavesdrop 
"'Alexandra limp': a limping gait affected by some in imitation of Alexandra of Denmark, who developed a limp after rheumatic fever in 1867."
"OED Word of the Day: earwig, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: proxime accessit, n. A person who or thing which is nearly, but not quite, a success 
"OED Word of the Day: proxime accessit, adj. (and n.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mumper, n. A beggar; a person who sponges on others 
"OED Word of the Day: mumper, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: apple-john, n. A kind of apple said to keep for two years 
"Callipygian - of, pertaining to, or having well-shaped or finely developed buttocks."
"OED Word of the Day: apple-john, n. 
"A 'gobemouche' is a person who credulously accepts all news, however improbable or absurd."
"OED Word of the Day: honorificabilitudinity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perfervid, adj. Very fervid; ardent, impassioned 
"OED Word of the Day: perfervid, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: aa, n.2. A kind of volcanic lava, from Hawaiian 
Has a flight across time zones ever left you disorientated? The earliest known use of the term 'jet lag' comes from 1965.
"OED Word of the Day: aa, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: rurbanization, n. The influence of rural society on urban life, or vice versa 
Deipnosophist - a master of the art of dining.
"OED Word of the Day: rurbanization, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: busby, n. A large bushy wig; (later) a tall fur hat worn by certain soldiers 
"OED Word of the Day: busby, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: peri-urban, adj. Immediately adjoining a city or conurbation, esp. in Africa 
'Caseous' - of or relating to cheese, abounding in cheese, cheesy.
"OED Word of the Day: peri-urban, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: papabile, n. Worthy of, or likely to be elected to, high (esp. political) office 
How much do you really know about where your vocabulary comes from? Take our etymologies quiz: 
"OED Word of the Day: papabile, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Keystone, n. With reference to the incompetent 'kops' of Keystone Studios 
'Emacity' is a fondness for buying things.
"OED Word of the Day: Keystone, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: adultescent, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adultescent, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: subrident, adj. Characterized or accompanied by a smile 
'Salary' comes from Latin sal 'salt' and originally referred to money allowed to Roman soldiers for the purchase of salt.
"OED Word of the Day: subrident, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lovelify, v. To make lovely; to beautify 
"OED Word of the Day: lovelify, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: lovelify, v. To make lovely; to beautify 
"Word of the Day: Mazeppa, A person likened in some way to Mazeppa, esp. in being the unwilling rider of a wild horse 
'Mortgage' comes from Old French and literally means 'dead pledge'.
"OED Word of the Day: Mazeppa, n. 
"Word of the Day: Mazeppa, A person likened in some way to Mazeppa, esp. in being the unwilling rider of a wild horse 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Camford, n. and adj. - an alternative to 'Oxbridge' 
Quagswagging is a now obsolete noun meaning 'the action of shaking to and fro'.
"OED Word of the Day: Camford, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Camford, n. and adj. - an alternative to 'Oxbridge' 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pathography, n. A description of disease 
"'Procrastinate' comes from Latin procrastinat-, literally meaning 'deferred till the morning', from pro- 'forward' + crastinus 'belonging..."
"OED Word of the Day: pathography, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pathography, n. A description of disease 
"OED Word of the Day: misterioso, adv. n. and adj. Originally a musical direction, 
'Tiramisu' comes from the Italian phrase tira mi su 'pick me up'.
"OED Word of the Day: pillaloo, int. and n. An expression of distress, sorrow, or grief, chiefly in Irish English 
"OED Word of the Day: savage man, n. A person dressed in greenery, representing a wild man of the woods "OED Word of the Day: balloonacy, n. Mania for ballooning; balloon madness 
"An Anglo-Saxon remedy has been shown to kill MRSA in lab tests, but that the Old English word for a physician was 'leech'?"
"OED Word of the Day: balloonacy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nushnik, n. Chiefly in Alaska: an outhouse containing a toilet, usually without plumbing 
"OED Word of the Day: nushnik, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: oyabun, n. In Japan: a boss, a chief 
'Widow' is derived from an Indo-European root meaning 'to be empty'.
"OED Word of the Day: oyabun, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: obnubilate, v. To darken, dim, cover, or hide with or as with a cloud 
"OED Word of the Day: obnubilate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: paladar, n. In Cuba: a small restaurant in a private home "OED Word of the Day: paladar, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: plisky, n., adv., and adj. A mischievous trick; a frolic 
True or false? Take our Day OED quiz: 
"Happy Day! Historical synonyms for 'fool' include 'saddle-goose', 'glow-worm', 'poop-stick', and 'noddypeak'."
"plisky, n., adv., and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: precocious, adj. Originally of a plant: flowering, fruiting, etc., unusually early "OED Word of the Day: precocious, adj. Originally of a plant: flowering, fruiting, etc., unusually early 
"OED Word of the Day: paradiddle, n. One of the basic patterns (rudiments) of drumming… 
A 'parasite' is literally a person who eats at the table of another. It comes via Latin from Greek para- 'alongside' and sitos 'food'.
"OED Word of the Day: paradiddle, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: movable feast, n. A religious feast day which does not occur on the same calendar date each year 
'Petrify' comes from post-classical Latin petrificare 'to convert into stone'.
"OED Word of the Day: movable feast, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: trope, n. "OED Word of the Day: trope, n. 
"An earlier, now obsolete, sense of 'business' was 'anxiety, solicitude, care; distress, uneasiness'."
"niff, v.2 - OED Word of the Day: niff, v.2. To emit an odour or smell; to stink 
"OED Word of the Day: good-enough Morgan, n. An issue or talking point used to influence voters temporarily 
'Belgard' is an obsolete word meaning a kind or loving look.
"good-enough Morgan, n. - OED Word of the Day: good-enough Morgan, n. A political term with an interesting etym... 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mither, v. Senses include to burden, to pester, and to complain 
that J.R.R. Tolkien worked on the staff of the OED in 1919 and 1920? Find out more:  "OED Word of the Day: mither, v. - OED Word of the Day: mither, v. Senses include to burden, to pester, and to ... 
"OED Word of the Day: gammock, n.2. A piece of fun; a game, a jest; a frolic 
An 'agathist' is a person who believes that all things tend towards ultimate good.
"OED Word of the Day: gammock, n.2 - OED Word of the Day: gammock, n.2. A piece of fun; a game, a jest; a froli... 
"OED Word of the Day: marquisotte, v. To shave or trim (the beard) with exaggerated fastidiousness 
The OED's first written evidence for the word 'OK' is from 1839. "OED Word of the Day: marquisotte, v. - OED Word of the Day: marquisotte, v. To shave or trim (the beard) with ... 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: emportment, n. A spell of anger or strong feeling; a fit of passion 
"OED Word of the Day: emportment, n. - OED Word of the Day: emportment, n. A spell of anger or strong feeling; ... 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ringy, adj.3. Irritable; 'ornery'; angry 
"OED Word of the Day: ringy, adj.3 - OED Word of the Day: ringy, adj.3. Irritable; 'ornery'; angry 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: primaveral, adj. Of or taking place in (early) spring 
"The March OED update spans a period of nearly 1,100 years. Discover our latest additions: 
"'Nidulation', a now obsolete term, means 'nesting, nest-building'. "Eclipse comes via Old French and Latin from a Greek word meaning 'fail to appear, forsake its accustomed place'. "OED Word of the Day: primaveral, adj. - OED Word of the Day: primaveral, adj. Of or taking place in (early) sp... 
"OED Word of the Day: proem, n. An introductory discourse at the beginning of a piece of writing; a preface, preamble 
Early English writers occasionally used distinctive masculine and feminine forms of the word 'spouse'.
From 'white stuff' to 'lookalike': explore the latest additions to the OED in today's update: 
"OED Word of the Day: proem, n. - OED Word of the Day: proem, n. An introductory discourse at the beginning of ... 
"OED Word of the Day: prestidigitator, n. A person who practises sleight of hand or legerdemain; a conjuror; a juggler 
In Scotland and Ireland a 'blackfoot' is someone who acts as a go between in a courtship. The word is now rare.
'Imparidigitate' - having an odd number of digits (fingers or toes) on each limb.
"OED Word of the Day: prestidigitator, n. - OED Word of the Day: prestidigitator, n. A person who practises sle... 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: agra, n. Irish English. As a term of endearment: 'my love'; 'dear' "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: busk, v.4. In its earliest use, to go searching or seeking for something "OED Word of the Day: busk, v.4 
"OED Word of the Day: daymare, n. A fearful or frightening fantasy experienced while awake; a daytime nightmare 
"or 'Mothering Sunday', has also historically been known as 'mid-Lent Sunday', 'Laetare Sunday', and 'Refreshment Sunday'."
"OED Word of the Day: daymare, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: jobson, n. A country person; a yokel, a peasant 
'Heresy' comes from a Greek word meaning 'choice'.
"OED Word of the Day: jobson, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: companage, n. Any food eaten as an accompaniment to bread 
"Some historical synonyms for 'misfortune' include unlimp, ambs-ace, wanhap, and hard cheddar. "OED Word of the Day: companage, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nuque, n. The nape of the neck 
"The term 'slogan' originally referred to a war-cry or battle cry, from Gaelic 'sluagh-ghairm' ('sluagh' host + 'gairm' cry, shout)"
"OED Word of the Day: nuque, n. 
'Homodoxian' is an obsolete noun meaning 'a person of the same opinion'."'Mascot' comes from French mascotte, which derived from masca 'witch' in the dialect of Southern France."
"OED Word of the Day: Nice Nelly, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: peculation, n. The appropriation of money or property held in trust for another 
"Ligurition or ligurrition: a rare word meaning gluttonous devouring, or licking."
"OED Word of the Day: peculation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Murano, n. Designating or relating to the glass-making industry of Murano 
The phrase 'to be one's own woman' meaning 'independent' is found as far back as 1425. "OED Word of the Day: Murano, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: church ale, n. A church-approved ale-drinking festivity 
"OED Word of the Day: church ale, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: phalarica, n. A fiery javelin or dart used as a weapon by the Romans 
"'Lampoon' is said to be from French lampons 'let us drink', imperative of lamper 'to booze, guzzle'."
'Sciolism' is a pretentious superficiality of knowledge.
"OED Word of the Day: phalarica, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: oxpecker, n. An African bird that clings to and feeds from the backs of cattle 
"An 'asset' is literally something of which you have enough. It comes from Old French 'asez', meaning 'much, sufficiently, enough'."
"OED Word of the Day: oxpecker, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oppugn, v. To attack or oppose with words, action, influence, etc. 
'Osculable' - an adjective that means 'that can be kissed'.
Do you look younger than your age? 'Agerasia' is 'the quality of not growing old, the non-appearance of the signs of age'.
Congratulations to former OED chief editor John Simpson on receiving an honorary degree from 
"OED Word of the Day: oppugn, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: planation, n. The levelling of a landscape by erosion 
"Historical synonyms for 'silly person' include 'gilly-gaupus', 'gawpus', 'chrisom', and 'dotterel'."
'Echopraxia' is the meaningless repetition or imitation of the movements of others.
"OED Word of the Day: planation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: macarize, v. To account or call (a person, etc.) happy or blessed 
Did you know that the repayment of interest was once known as 'palintocia'?
"OED Word of the Day: macarize, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on St David's Day: pennill, n. 
'Aptronym' - a name regarded as (humorously) appropriate to a person's profession or personal characteristics.
"OED Word of the Day: pennill, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pantoglottism, n. Knowledge of all languages 
'Poetolatry' is the worship or immoderate veneration of poets.
"OED Word of the Day: pantoglottism, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nescient, adj. and n. Ignorant 
Leonard Nimoy - a look at the language of 'Star Trek' 
"OED Word of the Day: nescient, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: bezzie, adj. Esp. of a friend: best; favourite 
"'Dulosis' is the practice, exhibited by certain genera of ants, of enslaving other ants or colonies of ants."
"OED Word of the Day: bezzie, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: particeps criminis, n. An accomplice or partner in crime; an accessory 
"There was initially no humility involved in eating 'humble pie'. It comes from 'umble-pie', a pie made of the 'umbles' - that is, offal."
'Platitudinarianism' - the quality of being banal, the tendency to use platitudes.
"OED Word of the Day: particeps criminis, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hoghenhine, n. 
'Onychophagia' is the action or habit of biting one's nails.
"OED Word of the Day: hoghenhine, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: outrecuidance, n. Excessive self-esteem; arrogance; conceit 
'Dactylonomy' is the the art of counting on the fingers.
"OED Word of the Day: outrecuidance, n. 
"OED Word of the Day:  pribble, n. A petty or pointless dispute, a squabble; trivial or nonsensical speech or writing "OED Word of the Day: pribble, n. 
"Word of the Day: dumbsize, v. To dismiss (staff) in excessive numbers or without regard to organizational function... "OED Word of the Day: dumbsize, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: lowe, n. Flame, fire; (also) a burning or passionate feeling, esp. of love 
In Japanese 'karoshi' means 'death brought on by overwork or job-related exhaustion'.
"An 'oojah' is a thing whose name one cannot remember, does not know, or does not wish to mention."
"OED Word of the Day: lowe, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pirrie, n. A sudden, strong blast of wind; (also) a violent disturbance 
"The Scottish word 'massymore', now archaic, once referred to the dungeon of a castle."
A 'deuterogamist' is a person who marries a second time.
"OED Word of the Day: pirrie, n. 
'Slobber' is probably from the Dutch 'slobbern' which means 'to eat or work in a messy way'.
"OED Word of the Day: pourparler, n. An informal discussion or conference as a preliminary to more formal negotiations 
"'Carnival' probably comes ultimately from the Latin phrase 'carnem levare', meaning 'the putting away or removal of flesh (as food)'."
"OED Word of the Day: pourparler, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: week, int. Representing a short high-pitched sound, esp. as made by a pig 
"'Shrove' in Shrove Tuesday is related to the verb 'shrive', to confess', itself cognate with Dutch schrijven; German schreiben 'to write'."
"OED Word of the Day: week, int. 
"OED Word of the Day: mizzle-shinned, adj. Having blotchy, red legs after sitting too near a fire 
"'Imbriferous' is a rare adjective meaning 'rain-bringing', from Latin imber 'a shower'."
'Bubulcitate' - to cry like a cowboy.
"OED Word of the Day: mizzle-shinned, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: marotte, n. A baton carried by a fool or jester as a mock emblem of office 
"OED Word of the Day: marotte, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lovescape, n. A view, depiction, or evocation of love 
"OED's entry for the Anglo-Welsh word 'cwtch' (to cuddle) quotes Elizabeth Taylor writing of Richard Burton: ""with my heart I 'cwtched' him""."
"Happy Some historical terms of endearment include 'flitter-mouse', 'ding-ding', 'bulchin', and 'mopsy'."
"OED Word of the Day: lovescape, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: marmalize, v. To thrash; to crush or destroy; to defeat decisively 
E L James has nothing on the Check out our 'Fifty Shades of Grey'  
'Triskaidekaphobia' is the fear of the number thirteen.
A 'kleptoparasite' is an animal that habitually steals prey or food-stores from members of another species.
"OED Word of the Day: marmalize, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: evolution, n. 
The word 'twitter-light' has nothing to do with Twitter, it is an obsolete term for 'twilight'.
"OED Word of the Day: evolution, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: kiasu, n. and adj. 
"Debellish - to rob of beauty, based on the '-bellish' of 'embellish'"
"OED Word of the Day: kiasu, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: maladroit, adj. 
"A companion, from Old French 'compaignon', is literally 'a person who you eat bread with'."
'Corsned' - establishing someone's guilt or innocence by seeing whether they are able to swallow a large piece of mouldy cheese.
"OED Word of the Day: maladroit, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ad deliquium, adv. 
'Rownsepyked' describes a tree whose branches have been stripped of leaves.
"OED Word of the Day: ad deliquium, adv. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: passepartout, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: passepartout, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Babbitry, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Babbitry, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: papaloi, n. 
"Rejectamenta - things rejected as worthless, useless, or superfluous"
"OED Word of the Day: papaloi, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: work-brittle, adj. 
'Chad' is the name for the waste material removed from punched cards or tape during punching.
"OED Word of the Day: work-brittle, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ninguid, adj. 
'Stillicide' is the right to drop water on someone else's property.
"OED Word of the Day: ninguid, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: day-peep, n. 
Mollycoddle: to treat someone in an indulgent or overprotective way.
"OED Word of the Day: day-peep, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nunny bag, n. A knapsack used to carry supplies when hunting etc. 
"The earliest known sense of the verb 'to tamper' meant to 'to work in clay, etc. so as to mix it thoroughly'."
"17th-century senses of the word 'whimsy' included 'merry-go-round, roundabout' and 'dizziness, giddiness, vertigo'."
"OED Word of the Day: nunny bag, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: audible, adj. and n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mundicidious, adj. 
'Ostrichism' - the practice or policy of refusing to face reality or accept facts.
"OED Word of the Day: multum in parvo, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: medspeak, n. Technical or euphemistic jargon concerning health, disease, medical practice, etc. 
'Eesome': attractive or gratifying to the eye.
"'Spare ribs' probably comes from German 'ribbesper', which meant 'pickled pork ribs roasted on a spit'."
"OED Word of the Day: medspeak, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: odditorium, n. A shop selling oddities or oddments 
"Have a shag pile carpet in your house? This sense of 'shag' comes from Old Norse 'skegg', which means 'beard'."'Parachute' literally means 'protection against fall' in French.
"OED Word of the Day: odditorium, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: manxome, adj. Drabble: become wet and dirty by going through muddy water.
"OED Word of the Day: manxome, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Niflheim, n. A world of mist, cold, and darkness in Scandinavian mythology 
"Jirble: to spill (a liquid) by shaking or unsteady moving of the vessel, as in 'I jirbled coffee on my shirt as I walked to my desk'."Did you know that James Murray, the first Editor of the was called 'the grandfather of the telephone'? 
"OED Word of the Day: Niflheim, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pseudery, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pseudery, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perendinate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: perendinate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: paddhereen, n. 
"Before it referred to a building's choicest apartment, a 'penthouse' was a subsidiary structure off of a building, such as an outhouse."
"John Simpson, former Chief Editor of the OED, is today being awarded an honorary doctorate by 
Chthonic - dwelling in or under the surface of the earth.
"OED Word of the Day: paddhereen, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: proairesis, n. 
Misprint, mongering, and quarterly: Lord Byron in the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: proairesis, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oenologist | enologist, n. An expert in or connoisseur of wines 
'Porcupine' ultimately comes from the Latin porcus 'pig' + spina 'thorn'.
Metagnomy - the acquisition of information by paranormal means.
Mundicidious - likely or able to destroy the world
"OED Word of the Day: oenologist | enologist, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ossature, n. Something resembling a skeleton… 
Can you help OED Appeals find an earlier example of 'legless' (meaning 'drunk')? 
'Puzzlewit': one who is puzzled, a stupid or silly person.
"Did you know that 'reptile' ultimately comes from the Latin verb 'repere', meaning 'to crawl'?"
"OED Word of the Day: ossature, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quiff, n.2. A clever trick, ploy, or stratagem; a dodge 
"'Quilicom': a rare word which probably meant 'fanciful, speculative, or irrelevant matter'."
"Petrichor: a pleasant smell that frequently accompanies the first rain after a long period of warm, dry weather."
"OED Word of the Day: quiff, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: proxemics, n. The study or interpretation of physical proximity between people 
"OED Word of the Day: proxemics, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: odoriferous, adj. A word used in relation to a variety of smells, good and bad 
"OED Word of the Day: odoriferous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: politesse, n.  Formal politeness; etiquette 
"'Inaugural' comes from the Latin word 'inaugurare', meaning 'to take omens from the flight of birds'."
"'Nook-shotten': having many corners, angles, or projections; having an irregular form."
"OED Word of the Day: politesse, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nookery, n. A snug nook; a sheltered or cosy location 
"Overly-elaborate garden design and archaic, affected language can both be known as 'godwottery'."
'To illiquefact' is an obsolete verb meaning 'to melt'.
"'Bonanza' (from Spanish for 'fair weather, prosperity') was originally used in US English to mean 'a highly productive or profitable mine'."
"OED Word of the Day: nookery, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Plymouth cloak, n. A cudgel or staff 
Ever wear mascara? The word 'mascara' ultimately comes from an Arabic word meaning 'buffoon'.
"OED Word of the Day: Plymouth cloak, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: jetsam, n. Goods discarded from a ship and washed ashore 
'Caveat' literally means 'let a person beware'."'Dessert' comes from the French verb 'desservir', which means 'to clear the table.'"
"OED Word of the Day: jetsam, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rumgumption, n. Good sense; shrewdness 
'Box and Cox' (an arrangement whereby two people use the same space or facilities in turn) comes from J.M. Morton's 1847 play of that name."The word 'drastic' originally applied to the strong effect of medicine, particularly upon the intestines."
"OED Word of the Day: rumgumption, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nakodo, n. In Japan: an intermediary between parties in a possible marriage 
"OED Word of the Day: nakodo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: facilis descensus Averni, phr. Easy is the descent into hell… 
"OED Word of the Day: facilis descensus Averni, phr. 
"OED Word of the Day: plerophory, n. Full assurance or certainty, esp. in relation to an article of religious faith 
"OED Word of the Day: plerophory, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosopagnosia, n. A neurological abnormality characterized by the inability to recognize faces. 
"The word 'pratfall' dates back to the 1930s, and comes from the word 'prat', meaning 'buttocks'."
According to the OED, 'dog's letter' is a name for the letter R because it sounds like the snarl of a dog."
Unobtanium: a hypothetical substance that would be highly desirable but is unobtainable.
"Synonyms for 'a lie' in the Historical Thesaurus of the OED include a fib, a fitten, a falsedict, an untruism, and a taradiddle."
"OED Word of the Day: prosopagnosia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Ruffin, n.1. (The name of) a devil or fiend 
New words for the new year? There's still time to treat yourself with the OED festive offer: 
"Jumentarious: of, or referring to, 'beasts of burden' (animals, such as a mules or donkeys, that are used for carrying loads)."
Have you ever had something confiscated? 'Confiscate' comes from a Latin verb meaning 'put away in a chest'.
"OED Word of the Day: Ruffin, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nuppence, n. No money; nothing 
"Are you afraid of clowns? Before the word became associated with the circus, it simply meant a countryman or an uncouth man."
"'Harass' likely comes from the French word 'harer,' which means 'to set a dog on.'"
One of the earliest senses of the word 'fluster' is to 'make slightly drunk.'
"OED Word of the Day: nuppence, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rathe, adj.1 Early; done or occurring before the usual or natural time 
Have you ever tried a 'shandygaff'? It's a drink composed of a mixture of beer and ginger-beer.
'Shanty' (as in 'sea shanty') is said to be a corruption of the French 'chantez' meaning 'sing'.
The is 145 years old this week, so we're celebrating by looking at bridges in the 
"OED Word of the Day: rathe, adj.1 
"OED Word of the Day: pantophagist, n. A human being or animal that devours things (esp. food) of all kinds 
"OED Word of the Day: pantophagist, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: alrightnik, n. A person who has succeeded in life financially but is regarded as vulgar 
"OED Word of the Day: alrightnik, n. 
"OED Word of the Day:  musette, n. A type of lightweight knapsack used esp. by soldiers and cyclists "Museumification - 'display or preservation in, or as if in, a museum'."
"'Quack' (someone who dishonestly claims to have a skill) is short for 'quacksalver', probably from the obsolete Dutch 'quacken' (prattle)."
"OED Word of the Day: musette, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: first foot, n. The first person to cross a threshold in the New Year 
"Quaaltagh - the first person to enter a house on New Year's Day, in Manx English."
"OED Word of the Day: first foot, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nye, n. A brood of pheasants 
"'Defecate' comes from the Latin 'defaecare,' which originally meant to clear of any dregs, or to purify."
Ever listened to any concert bootlegs? The word 'bootleg' goes back to the smuggling of alcohol in the long part of one's boots.
"OED Word of the Day: nye, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nithered, adj. Shrivelled or pinched with cold or hunger 
"'Daffodil' originally denoted the asphodel, with 'd' added perhaps as a playful distortion (in the same way that 'Edward' becomes 'Ted')."
"OED Word of the Day: nithered, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: scission, n. Division of a previously united body of people into mutually opposing parties; 
"'Deadline' comes from a line drawn around a military prison, outside of which a prisoner was liable to be shot."
'Jinx' (a person or thing that brings bad luck) is probably named after the jynx (or wryneck), a bird once used in witchcraft.
Can you help us find earlier examples of 'legless' or 'legless drunk'?  "OED Word of the Day: scission, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Childermas, n. With reference to today's festival of the Holy Innocents 
"OED Word of the Day: Childermas, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: partied-out, adj. Exhausted from celebrating, drinking alcohol, etc.; hung over 
"OED Word of the Day: partied-out, adj. "'Egregious,' meaning 'outstandingly bad,' has an archaic sense meaning 'remarkably good' - ironic use probably gave us the current meaning""OED Word of the Day: nativity, n. fig. and in extended use: the creation, beginning, or origin of something 
Merry Christmas from the OED: explore our exclusive festive offer: 
"OED Word of the Day: nativity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pfeffernuss, n. A small, round, spiced biscuit typically eaten at Christmas 
"Words for sleighs or types of sleigh include traineau, pulka, cutter, and booby-hack."
"The oldest recorded sense of 'balderdash' in English meant 'frothy liquid', then 'a jumbled mixture of liquids, e.g. milk and beer'."
"OED Word of the Day: pfeffernuss, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: sciomancy, n. Divination through communication with the spirits of the dead 
Do you know any morosophists? A morosophist is a foolish pedant or would-be philosopher...
Can you help us find earlier examples of 'legless' or 'legless drunk'?  MT Which festive word has the literal meaning of 'dung-on-a-twig'? has the answer... 
"OED Word of the Day: sciomancy, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: murth, n. We hope you're not suffering a murth of cold this Christmas 
"To 'starkle' was once to make a stir; to use threatening gestures; to show signs of fear, quake, be afraid."
"that 'turquoise' is from the Old French for 'Turkish'? Although mined in Persia, the stone was shipped to Europe via Turkey."
Have you ever experimented with pogonotrophy? It's the cultivation or growing of a beard...
"OED Word of the Day: murth, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mistral, n. A strong, cold, north-westerly wind of France 
"OED Word of the Day: mistral, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: picaroon, n. A pirate or privateer
"OED Word of the Day: picaroon, n.1 and adj. 
"OED WOTD: scissor man, n. A tailor. Chiefly with reference to a character in Heinrich Hoffmann's Struwwelpeter 
"We hope you enjoy some of the 'dolce far niente' of the festive season. It's 'delightful idleness' (or, literally, 'sweet doing nothing')."
'Algebra' comes from an Arabic term referring to 'the reunion of broken parts.'
Discover a sled-full of language this winter with our OED festive offer: 
"OED Word of the Day: scissor man, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pantomime, n. and adj., (originally) a theatrical performer popular in the Roman Empire… 
The word 'adorable' originally meant 'worthy of divine worship.',,,,Last-minute holiday gifts for dictionary folk: discounted subscriptions to  and 
"Discover the meaning and history of over 600,000 words this winter with our special offer: 
"'Sleep-at-noon' isn't, sadly, an inviting prospect - rather, it's an old name for a flower also known as 'goat's beard'."
"OED Word of the Day: pantomime, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: puant, adj., having an offensive smell, stinking; (also) loathsome 
Explore the interactive map of the OED in two minutes: 
"In just 2 minutes, see the history of word-borrowing in English from 1150 to the present day: 
Do you know any toxophilites? It's a student or lover of archery: 
"The noun 'eatage' might sound appetizing at lunchtime, but only if you're a sheep or a cow... it means 'grass available for grazing'.",,,,Interactive map: the OED in two minutes 
Evidence of this variety is gratefully received, you can submit it via our contact form:  Thanks!
"OED Word of the Day: puant, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day for Hannukah: menorah, n., a holy candelabrum with seven branches 
Cold? Try a 'slappaty-pouch', it's an obsolete term probably meaning 'slapping of the hands against the sides in order to warm oneself'.
"in 1775, Jane Austen was born. Did you know that she currently provides the OED with the earliest reference to sponge cake?"
"Beware of tarantism: a hysterical malady, characterized by an extreme impulse to dance."
"OED Word of the Day: menorah, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rivo, int., used as a toast before drinking, now obsolete 
Putting up your Christmas tree? 'Tinsel' ultimately comes from the Latin 'scintilla' (a spark) and thus shares a root with 'scintillate'.
Are you a philoxenist? It's a lover of hospitality to strangers.
"Although ""no pain, no gain"" may bring exercise videos to mind, the phrase goes as far back as a 1648 poem by Robert Herrick "OED Word of the Day: rivo, int. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: objurgate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: objurgate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: admass, n. 
"Your enemies are not your friends, right? The word ""enemy"" comes from the Latin ""inimicus,"" based on ""in-"" (not) and ""amicus"" (friend)."
"OED Word of the Day: admass, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pampero, n. 
Uranomania - the delusion that one is of divine or celestial origin.
"OED Word of the Day: pampero, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quibble, n., (originally) a play on words, a pun "'Tank,' the military vehicle, took its name from the word's use as a secret code word during manufacture in 1915."
Notes on today's OED new words update: 
"OED Word of the Day: quibble, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: filk, n., a type of music associated with science fiction and fantasy fans 
Nemesism: frustration and aggression directed against oneself.
Onolatry: worship of the donkey. Also in extended use: excessive admiration for or devotion to foolishness or a foolish thing.
"OED Word of the Day: filk, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on John Milton's birthday: lovelorn, adj. 
that a 'loophole' was originally an arrow slit in a wall?
"If you're in an aeroplane soon, chances are you'll be 'nubivagant' - that is, 'moving through clouds'."
"OED Word of the Day: lovelorn, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nonplussed, adj. 
Acersecomic: a person whose hair has never been cut.
"OED Word of the Day: nonplussed, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: maleficent, adj., harmful, hurtful; given to evildoing 
"OED Word of the Day: maleficent, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oorie, adj. dismal, gloomy; cheerlesss; miserable as a result of cold, illness, etc. 
"OED Word of the Day: oorie, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: gracile, adj., slender, thin, lean
"It's not especially polite, but did you know that a lazy glutton can also be known as a 'draffsack'?"
"Looking forward to a weekend lie-in? Going to bed can also be known as 'peaking the flukes', 'going to roost', and 'hitting the hay'."
Thanks for your tweet. Could you email dictionarieswith details of your enquiry?
that the 'berg' of 'iceberg' literally translates from Dutch as 'hill'?
"OED Word of the Day: gracile, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mogigraphia, n., writer's cramp
"that 'spectre' comes from the Latin 'specere', meaning 'to look'?"
"Are you ever clumsy? 'Clumsy' comes from the obsolete word 'clumse' meaning 'make or be numb', and is probably of Scandinavian origin."
"OED Word of the Day: mogigraphia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rawin, n., a wind measurement made by tracking a balloon with radar 
"'Crisis' originally denoted the turning point in a disease, from the Greek 'krisis', meaning 'decision'."
"in 1857, Joseph Conrad was born. He is quoted in over 600 OED entries, for words including coffee-time, muffledly, and clump."
"You probably knew that 'bi' in 'biceps' means 'two', but did you know that 'biceps' literally translates from Latin as 'two-headed'?"
"OED Word of the Day: rawin, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day, opsomaniac, n., a person with an excessive craving for a particular food 
"that 'lightning' can also be known as fire-flaught, fire-light, and fire-slaught?"
'Piebald' comes from 'pie' in 'magpie' (after the bird's black-and-white plumage) + 'bald' (an obsolete sense 'streaked with white').
"While 'kaput' (broken) comes directly from German 'kaputt', it's originally from the French 'capot'; 'without tricks in a card game'."
"OED Word of the Day: opsomaniac, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quinzhee, n., a type of snow shelter
Try not to be a 'ploddall', it's a rare name given to a dull or commonplace person.
"'Cynicism' was originally a school of ancient Greek philosophy, probably named after Kunosarges, a gymnasium where Antisthenes taught."
"OED Word of the Day: quinzhee, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pibroch, n. 
The term 'jukebox' is based on a word in Creole meaning 'disorderly'.
"OED Word of the Day: pibroch, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: adiaphory, n. 
"Derived from Latin 'explere' meaning 'fill out', 'expletive' originally denoted a 'word used merely to fill out a sentence'."
"OED Word of the Day: adiaphory, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philotherian, n. and adj. 
"'Peninsular' comes from Latin 'paeninsula', literally meaning 'almost an island'."
An early sense for 'define' was 'bring to an end'.
"OED Word of the Day: philotherian, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day for Thanksgiving: regratulation, n., the action of thanking or expressing gratitude 
"'Squash' (the edible gourd) is an abbreviation of the Narragansett word 'asquutasquash', where 'asq' means 'raw, uncooked'."
"that 'drench' comes from the Old English 'drencan', meaning 'force to drink'?"
"OED Word of the Day: regratulation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: adnubilated, adj., darkened by clouds, clouded 
"'Cabaret' originally denoted a French inn, and literally means 'wooden structure'."
"'Hyphen' comes from the Greek 'huphen', meaning 'together', from hupo ('under') + hen ('one')."
"OED Word of the Day: adnubilated, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pauciloquent, adj. 
'Off the cuff' comes from the idea of giving a talk based on notes written on one's shirt cuffs rather than off a prepared text.
"OED Word of the Day: pauciloquent, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: python, n.1 
"The verb 'escalate' originally only meant 'to travel on an escalator,' before it came to describe rapid growth or increase in intensity."
"In Latin, 'placebo' means 'I shall be acceptable or pleasing.'"
"OED Word of the Day: python, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: obnoxious, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: obnoxious, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pettitoe, n. 
"In early use, 'girl' referred to a child or young person of either sex."
"OED Word of the Day: pettitoe, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: panem et circenses, n. 
The adjective 'plausible' comes from Latin plausibilis 'deserving applause'.,,,,From smoke to vape: learn about the history of tobacco with this timeline 
"OED Word of the Day: panem et circenses, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: knavigation, n., a statement or story characteristic of a knave 
that 'basmati' (as in 'basmati rice') literally means 'fragrant' in Hindi?"To 'kibitz' is to look on and offer unwelcome advice, especially at a card game. It comes from the German 'Kiebitz', which means 'lapwing'."
"OED Word of the Day: knavigation, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Goddard's drops, n., a liquid medicinal preparation, of uncertain composition 
"'Peterman' was originally a fisherman, then a variety of wheat beer, and is most recently a person who breaks open and robs safes."
'Precocious' (having developed certain abilities at an earlier age than is usual) comes from the Latin prae 'before' + coquere 'to cook'.
"OED Word of the Day: Goddard's drops, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: maven, n., an expert or aficionadoVape is - but what about the shortlist? Take a closer look at the runners-up, from 'bae' to 'slacktivism': The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2014 is… vape! Discover vape's history, why we've chosen it for 
"OED Word of the Day: maven, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adipsia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Proxima Centauri, n., the closest known star to the Sun 
"OED Word of the Day: Proxima Centauri, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philippic, adj.1; n., of the nature of a bitter attack or denunciation 
"OED Word of the Day: philippic, adj.1 and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pangram, n., a sentence containing every letter of the alphabet 
"An 'eggplant' in the US is an 'aubergine' in the UK, but did you know it has also been called a love apple, a mad-apple,; a vegetable egg?""The word 'parasite' comes from 'parasitos', via Latin through Greek, which literally described a person eating at someone else's table."
"OED Word of the Day: pangram, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on Robert Louis Stevenson's birthday: proot, int. (and v.) 
"'Obsess' comes from the Latin word 'obsidere', which means to besiege. An early sense of 'obsess' refers to possession by an evil spirit."
"The root of 'whiskey' is the Gaelic word 'uisgebeatha', literally meaning 'water of life'."
Street smart? 'Streetology' is the science or knowledge of the streets in a town or city.
"OED Word of the Day: proot, int. (and v.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: periclitation, n., the action of exposing a person or thing to danger 
"Someone stealing your work? 'Plagiarism' comes from the Latin word 'plagiarius', meaning 'kidnapper'."
Do you ever cachinnate (laugh loudly or immoderately)?
"OED Word of the Day: periclitation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: armistice, n. 
A fierdhalf is an obsolete term meaning 'a quarter'.
"Papaveraceous - of, or relating to, the poppy family."
"OED Word of the Day: armistice, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Phlegethon, n., a river of fire, a seething torrent or turmoil 
"that 'bourgeois' is from the late Latin 'burgus', meaning 'castle'?"
'Enigma' ultimately comes from the Greek 'ainos' meaning 'fable'.
"Our latest OED Appeal looks at 'the Trade', as applied to the Submarine Service. Can you help find earlier evidence? 
"OED Word of the Day: Phlegethon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: riant, adj., smiling, mirthful, cheerful, light-hearted 
"OED Word of the Day: riant, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: acyrology, n., incorrect use of language 
"OED Word of the Day: acyrology, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mpret, n., in Albania: a king, a monarch 
"The obsolete term ""shot-clog"" refers to an unwelcome companion who is tolerated because he pays for everyone's drinks."
Flammivomous is a (thankfully) rare word meaning 'vomiting out flame'.
Do you ever suffer from 'graphospasm'? It's included in the OED as another name for writer's cramp.
Last week Oxford Latin Dictionary editor Peter Glare turned 90. We celebrated with him: 
"OED Word of the Day: mpret, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pocas palabras, int., be quiet! 
Can you help our OED Appeal to find an earlier example of the term “the Trade” as applied to the Submarine Service? 
"""Ignotum per ignotius"" - an attempt to explain what is obscure by something which is more obscure, leading to ""confusion worse confounded."""
"OED Word of the Day: pocas palabras, int. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: marplot, n., a person who or thing which spoils a plot 
"""Flak"" is an abbreviation of the German word Fliegerabwehrkanone, literally ""aviator-defence-gun."""
'Sarcasm' ultimately comes from the Greek term 'sarkazein' - to tear flesh.
"OED Word of the Day: marplot, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: aberglaube, n., belief in things beyond the certain and verifiable 
"'Aggregate' comes from Latin aggregat- 'herded together', from the verb aggregare; ad- ('towards') + greg- ('a flock')."
"Queuetopia is a particularly British term: any place in which there are frequent queues (that is, lines of people waiting)."
"OED Word of the Day: aberglaube, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: cithara, n., Nero didn't fiddle, but we're told he did play this... 
Wobbulator - a device for producing a signal whose frequency varies rapidly and repeatedly between two limits.
"'Libanotophorous' is a bit of a mouthful, but it means 'producing incense'."
"""Squirrel"" comes from the Greek word ""skiouros,"" literally meaning ""shadow-tail."""
"OED Word of the Day: cithara, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ramekin n., originally a name for the food cooked inside the small mould or dish 
"OED Word of the Day: ramekin, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: omakase, n., a Japanese restaurant term with a lovely etymology 
"OED Word of the Day: omakase, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: old higue, n., a witch said to shed her skin at night and fly… 
"""Jack-o'-lantern"" originally referred to a night watchman, or a man with a lantern - literally ""Jack-with-the-lantern."""
"'Gruesome' is from Scots 'grue', 'to feel horror, shudder' (of Scandinavian origin). The word was popularized by the novelist Walter Scott."
"Asleep on the job? ""Cubicle"" comes from the Latin word cubiculum, itself from cubare, which means ""to lie down.""""OED Word of the Day: old higue, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: bloatware, n., software requiring excessive disk space or memory 
"that 'psalm' comes from Greek psalmos 'song sung to harp music', from psallein 'to pluck'?"
"A word fact for the pub: Lager means 'storehouse' in German. The name for the drink comes from Lagerbier, 'beer brewed for keeping'."
Have you ever seen anything draconiform? It means 'resembling a dragon in shape'.
"OED Word of the Day: bloatware, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: obtenebration, n., a darkening; shade or gloom 
"that 'monk' is based on the Greek monakhos ('solitary'), from monos ('alone')?"
"Do you have any 'feaks'? You might, without knowing it... because a 'feak' is a dangling curl of hair."
that 'clock' and 'cloak' are both ultimately based on the Latin 'clocca' meaning 'bell'?
"OED Word of the Day: obtenebration, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: multicursal, adj., (of a maze) having more than one possible route 
"A 'proletarian', from Latin proletarius (from proles 'offspring'), was someone who served the state not with property but with offspring."
"Given that you can be in earshot, it makes sense that you can also be in ""tongue-shot"" - within speaking or talking distance."
"that 'caterpillar' is thought to be from a variant of Old French chatepelose, literally meaning 'hairy cat'?"
"OED Word of the Day: multicursal, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: moochin, n., as used in the writing of Dylan Thomas, to mark his centenary 
"Before it referred to long speeches to prevent the passage of laws, ""filibuster"" referred to 18th-century Caribbean pirates."Thank you for your tweet. Please contact odo.ukand my colleague will investigate the issue.
"OED Word of the Day: moochin, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Ruminal, adj.1, designating the tree under which Romulus and Remus were suckled 
"OED Word of the Day: Ruminal, adj.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: passglas, n., a marked beaker used in a drinking game 
"OED Word of the Day: passglas, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: other place, n., hell (as opposed to heaven) 
Instrophiate - a rare word which can mean 'put on as a headband'.
"The base of the word ""ecstasy"" is the Greek word ""ekstasis,"" which meant ""standing outside yourself."""
"The word ""mellifluous"" comes from the combination of Latin words ""mel"" (honey) and ""fluere"" (to flow)."
"OED Word of the Day: other place, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ooftish, n., money, cash 
Mansuefaction - an obsolete word meaning 'the action or an act of making a person or animal tame or gentle'.
"Did you know that 'boudoir' literally means 'sulking place', from the French 'bouder' meaning 'pout, sulk'?"
You're welcome!
Certainly! You can read all about our latest OED update here: 
"that 'mob' is an abbreviation of an archaic sense of 'mobile', short for the Latin 'mobile vulgus' meaning 'excitable crowd'?"
Thanks for thinking of us, Here's a video with info on how words enter our dictionaries: 
"OED Word of the Day: ooftish, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: murly, adj., crumbly, friable 
"OED Word of the Day: murly, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: propitious, adj., of God, the fates: disposed to be favourable 
"Querencia - in bullfighting, the part of the arena where the bull takes its stand. Also, figuratively, a person's favourite place."
"The word 'cancan' (a lively, high-kicking stage dance) possibly developed from the child's word for 'canard' (French for 'duck')."
"OED Word of the Day: propitious, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: reveille, n., a signal indicating that it is time to wake or get up 'Potpourri' (a mixture of dried petals) originally referred to a stew of many meats and literally translates from French as 'rotten pot'.
What is a pangram, and how many are in the Find out in today's blog post... 
"OED Word of the Day: reveille, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: panurgic, adj.2 
"OED Word of the Day: rhopography, n. 
"'Male' and 'female' both derive from Latin but are not etymologically linked. 'Male' comes from 'mas', while 'female' comes from 'femella'."
'Ostracize' derives from the Greek ostrakon 'shell or potsherd', names were written on these when voting to banish unpopular citizens.
Zelotypia - an obsolete synonym for 'jealousy'.
"OED Word of the Day: ferruginous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perhorresce, v., to shudder 
Struggling to stay awake? 'Somnifuge' is a method or means for driving away sleep.
"'Insidious' is ultimately from the Latin 'insidere', meaning 'lie in wait for', from in- 'on' + sedere 'sit'."
"'Chaperone' - now a person who accompanies and looks after others, but originally a protective hood or cap."
"OED Word of the Day: perhorresce, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on P.G. Wodehouse's birthday: ritzy, adj. 
"that 'embark' is from the French 'embarquer', from em- 'in' + barque 'ship'?"
"The word 'galaxy' can be traced back to the Ancient Greek word galaxias, meaning 'milky circle' - originally referring to the Milky Way."
"""Cat-lap"" - stuff fit for a cat to lap: contemptuously applied to tea or other weak drink."
"OED Word of the Day: ritzy, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: alternativist, n. a conscientious objector willing to perform non-combatant duties: 
"A ""flukist"" is someone who succeeds by chance rather than skill."
"Are you a 'mooncalf'? It's someone who idles time away in dreaming, or someone absent-minded, distracted, or given to sentimentality."
"OED Word of the Day: alternativist, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: minuend n., a number from which another (the subtrahend) is subtracted: 
Kenspeckle - a chiefly Scottish adjective meaning 'easily recognizable, conspicuous'.
Do you know anybody who is 'cultrivorous'? This rare adjective designates a knife-swallower or sword-swallower.
Which book would David Crystal (take on a desert island? We're pleased to say it's the OED:  via that 'ludicrous' probably comes from the Latin 'ludicrum' meaning 'stage play'?
"OED Word of the Day: minuend, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: astrognosy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: peever, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mooter, n., a person who argues or engages in discussion; a lawyer 
"Concerned about how many miles you're getting to the gallon? Turns out people have been calling their cars ""gas-guzzlers"" since the 1920s."
"Popskull - a powerful, harsh, or low quality (esp. home-made) alcoholic drink; inferior whisky."
"""Torschlusspanik"" - from German, a sense of alarm or anxiety caused by the suspicion that life's opportunities are passing one by."
"OED Word of the Day: mooter, n.1 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on St. Denis Day: a sacred banner of St. Denis 
"You can refer to an occasion or instance of obsessive birdwatching as a ""twitch""."
"Dunderwhelp - a 'dunder-headed' whelp, a contemptible blockhead."
Psychrolute - a person who bathes outside regularly throughout the winter.
"OED Word of the Day: oriflamme, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pie-eyed, adj., gazing or staring blankly; intoxicated 
"'Merrythought' is a bird's wishbone and, in the 18th century, a construction of wire worn to increase the apparent size of a woman's bust."
Blithemeat: an entertainment provided upon the birth of a child.
"If you're getting ready for a meal, you might enjoy 'belly-cheer': the gratification of the belly; feasting, gluttony; luxurious eating."
"OED Word of the Day: pie-eyed, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Plato's cave n., with reference to an allegory in Plato's Republic 
"OED facts: there were 252,200 entries in the first edition of the OED."
"By a sleight of hand... we can tell you that 'prestigious' originally meant 'characterized by sleight of hand, conjuring or trickery'."
Thank you for your tweet. Sorry you are having problems, please contact odo.ukand my colleague will investigate.
"OED Word of the Day: Plato's cave, n. 
Struthious - having to do with or resembling an ostrich.
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: orage, n., a violent or tempestuous wind; a storm 
Nugacity: triviality or frivolity.
Thank you very much for letting us know. My colleague is looking into the matter.
"Event 10th Oct. 10am: Fiona McPherson explores words and phrases that emerged from WW1. Tickets: 
"OED Word of the Day: orage, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: misspeak, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: parti pris, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day : demonifuge, a substance used to exorcize a demon 
"Are you a gobemouche? It's one who believes all news, however improbable or absurd."
Can you help OED Appeals find an older example of one particular sense of 'well in'? Find out more... 
We hope you don't suffer from 'hippanthropy': a form of madness in which a man believes himself to be a horse.
"OED Word of the Day: demonifuge, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on Graham Greene's 110th birthday: Greeneland n. 
"Sorry if this makes your skin crawl, but did you know that 'formication' is an abnormal sensation as of ants creeping over the skin?"
Mensur - the distance between two duellers.
"Event 5th Oct. 10.30: Philip Durkin discusses external influences on the English language. Tickets: 
"OED Word of the Day: Greeneland, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mediatization, n., the process whereby the mass media comes to control something "Do you have a nickname? 'A nickname' was originally a misinterpretation of 'an eke-name', where 'eke' means 'an addition'."
"OED Word of the Day: mediatization, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on the birthday of film director Michael Powell: blimp, n.2 
Do you like to 'peregrinate' (to travel or wander from place to place)?
"Event 4th Oct. 10.30: Fiona McPherson on the linguistic legacy of WW1. Tickets; Info: 
"'Gargoyle' comes from the Old French 'gargouille' (throat), because of the water passing through the throat and mouth of the figure."
Sorry to hear you are experiencing problems. Please contact us ( and my colleague will investigate.
"OED Word of the Day: blimp, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: picaresque, adj. and n., (originally) relating to rogues or knaves."
that both tomatoes and aubergines/eggplants were once known as 'love apples'?
"'Nithing' is an archaic term for 'a coward, a villain; a person who breaks the law or a code of honour'."
Celebrate with a 'Kaffeeklatsch' - a gossip or gathering at which coffee is drunk.
"OED Word of the Day: picaresque, adj. and n. 
"in 1928, Alexander Fleming discovered penicillin. The word relates to the Latin penicillus meaning 'paintbrush'."
"OED Word of the Day: Nassau, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on T.S. Eliot's birthday: objective correlative, n."
"Any embarrassing gym class memories? Gymnasium comes from Greek for ""naked exercise."""
'Aardvark' comes from the Afrikaans words 'earth' (aarde) and 'hog' (vark).
"For those thinking back fondly on their school days (and who have forgotten their Latin), ""alma mater"" means ""generous mother."""
"OED Word of the Day: objective correlative, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: monopolylogue, n., an entertainment in which one performer plays all the roles."
"to William Faulkner, born on 25 Sept 1897. He is quoted in 873 OED entries for words including nosey, born,; Santa Claus."
"Pivotal theatre scenes were once lit by the white light produced when a piece of lime was heated by an oxyhydrogen flame, hence: limelight."
Clinchpoop - a term of contempt for one considered wanting in gentlemanly breeding.
"OED Word of the Day: monopolylogue, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oliprance, n., pomp, ostentation; merrymaking, jollity."
in 1717 the writer Horace Walpole was born. He provides evidence for 'balloonomania' and over 2000 other words in the OED.
Pugnozzle - of the upper lip and nostrils: to move up and down in the manner of a pug dog.
"Fiona McPherson, Senior Editor of the OED, is talking about WW1 words at on 10 Oct. More info here: 
"OED Word of the Day: oliprance, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pennyweighting, n., the theft of jewellery, typically through sleight of hand."
"""Monoceros"" - a unicorn or similar one-horned creature, now an archaic term."
"that willy-nilly was originally a variant spelling of 'will I, nill I' (that is, 'whether I am willing or unwilling')?"
"""in Zugzwang"" - from German, a position in which a chess player is obliged to move but cannot do so without disadvantage."
"OED Word of the Day: pennyweighting, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Demogorgon, n. 
"It's obvious once you're told, but did you know that 'yob' was originally 19th-century back slang (i.e. spelled backwards) for 'boy'?"
"It may not sound like it, but 'eucatastrophe' is a sudden or unexpected favourable turn of events, first found in a letter by JRR Tolkien."
Filipendulous - a rare word meaning 'hanging by a thread'.
"OED Word of the Day: Demogorgon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: imperial purple, n. and adj. 
"Today is the birthday of British comedian Arthur Roberts (b. 1852),who is credited with coining the word ""spoof""."
"OED Word of the Day: imperial purple, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: obnoxity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: obnoxity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: eatertainment, n. 
that 'continent' comes from the Latin 'terra continens' meaning 'continuous land'?
Epexegesis - addition of a word or words to convey more clearly the meaning implied (or sense intended) in a prior word or sentence
"If the ukelele bugs you, you'll be glad to learn that the instrument's name literally means ""jumping flea"" in Hawaiian."
"OED Word of the Day: eatertainment, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pluvian, adj. 
'Daisy' is a contraction of 'day's eye' (because the flower opens in the morning and closes at night).
"""Paprika"" - as a name for the spice - first appeared in a book on Hungarian medicinal herbs in 1775."
"Although baize on billiard tables is almost always green, the word 'baize' comes from the French 'bai' (meaning chestnut-coloured)."
"OED Word of the Day: pluvian, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quondam, n., adv., and adj. 
Duelsome - given or inclined to duelling.
"that 'enterprise' means 'something undertaken', from the Old French 'entre' (between) + 'prendre' (to take)?"
"that the word 'baseball' was used as early as 1748, and also appears in Jane Austen's Northanger Abbey?"
"OED Word of the Day: quondam, n., adv., and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hondle, v. 
Can you help OED Appeals find an example of 'FLOTUS' being used before 1983? 
Gill-hooter is a dialectal term for an owl.
From chavel to mumble: here are 10 unusual synonyms for 'chew' courtesy of the Historical Thesaurus: 
"'Baboon' originally denoted a grotesque carving such as a gargoyle, and was only later the name for the long-snouted monkey."
"OED Word of the Day: hondle, v. 
"Before it was used to refer to something that photographs well, ""photogenic"" referred to photogenic writing, a precursor of photography."
"to Agatha Christie! She provides supporting evidence for many OED entries, including bad penny, cough, and national health."
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abnormous, adj. 
"that 'awkward' comes from the Old Norse 'afugr', meaning 'turned the wrong way around'?"
Citizen science' in the on what we can learn and where it came from  "A thousand words for death, by David Crystal  via "OED Word of the Day: abnormous, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: acrophobia, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: orexigenic, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pandal, n. 
"The word 'duffel' in duffel bags and coats comes from Duffel, the town in Belgium where the fabric was originally made."
How well do you know your historical English? quiz w/ David Crystal 
"""Slapstick"" originally referred to an actual comedic device: two pieces of wood 'slapped' together for effect, usually during a routine."
"OED Word of the Day: pandal, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: tropicopolitan, adj. 
'First World problem' is one of the new words added to the OED. Read the entry here: 
"Excited about computers on your wrist? Try out these historical synonyms for ""watch"": tattler, yack, toy and tackle, and loge."
"Revised words in September's OED update include week, day, and last. Read more in our release notes: 
"Over 600 new words, phrases, and senses have entered the OED today. Read our release notes to discover more: 
"OED Word of the Day: tropicopolitan, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: procerity, n. 
OED etymologist Philip Durkin will discuss Borrowed Words: A History of Loanwords in English on 5 Oct: 
"that 'focus', in Latin, means 'hearth or fireplace'?",,,,It may come as a surprise that in French bidet originally meant 'a small horse'  via "OED Word of the Day: procerity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moonraker, n. 
Ignoscency: a rare word meaning 'forgiveness, forgiving spirit'.
"Feeling happy? Synonyms for happy from the Historical Thesaurus of the OED include i-sundful, seely, beneurous, and roseate."
"Do you love books? If so, you'll be pleased to know that 'shrine' ultimately comes from the Latin 'scrinium' (meaning 'chest for books')."
"OED Word of the Day: moonraker, n. 
The OED Word of the Day 'phaser' marks 48 years since first aired on 'Ink' ultimately comes from the Greek 'enkaiein' meaning 'burn in'.
"that 'innuendo' means 'by nodding at', and comes from the Latin in- 'towards' + nuere 'to nod'?"
"OED Word of the Day: phaser, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: amphisbaena, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: punctilio, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: roorback, n. 
"Historical synonyms for a party include kick-up, shivoo, corroboree, rort, wing-ding, and jollo."
"Muriform can mean 'composed of cells that are arranged in a regular fashion', 'mouse-like', or 'shaped like a mulberry'."
"Have you ever been told not to run in corridors? Well, 'corridor' actually means 'running place', from the Latin currere ('to run')."
"OED Word of the Day: roorback, n. 
'Kench' is an obsolete word meaning 'to laugh loudly'
Word stories: precarious 
"OED Word of the Day: Ayurveda, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: mooth, adj. 
that the word 'mortgage' dates back as far as the 14th century?
that 'kimono' literally means 'thing to wear' in Japanese (from ki 'wearing' + mono 'thing')?,,,,Into the Archives to investigate the origins of the word 'binge'  "OED Word of the Day: mooth, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: opsimath, n. 
Suaviloquence - pleasing or agreeable speech or manner of speaking.
Howgozit (from 'how goes it?') is a graph representing an aircraft's remaining amount of fuel in relation to that needed for the journey.
"'Easel' comes from the Dutch 'ezel' (donkey). Like 'horse' in 'clothes horse', the animal is used to denote a supporting frame."
"OED Word of the Day: opsimath, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rooster-tail, v. 
"Synonyms for 'holiday' in the Historical Thesaurus of the OED include vacancy, lawstead, and feriate."How well do you know archaic animal names? Try and find out: 
"OED Word of the Day: rooster-tail, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: traghetto, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ombrelle, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: virtus dormitiva, n. 
"'Curfew' once meant the time people had to cover the fire in their hearth, from the Old French cuvrir 'to cover' + feu 'fire'."
Macarize: to call someone or something happy or blessed.
"that 'the Land of Nod', meaning sleep, is a Biblical reference? It's the place to which Cain is exiled in Genesis 4:16."
Thanks for your question. Once a word is added to the OED it is never removed.
"OED Word of the Day: virtus dormitiva, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: non-U, adj. and n. 
that 'mattress' comes from the Arabic word meaning 'place where something is thrown'?
Babyolatry: devotion to or adoration of a baby or babies.
Thanks for your tweet. Every OED Word of the Day entry is free to view on the day itself.
Logocracy: a community or system of government in which words are the ruling powers.
"OED Word of the Day: non-U, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oeillade, n. 
"Ever tried hypnopaedia? It means exposure to audio lessons during sleep, also known as 'sleep-learning'."
"that a centaur with the lower body and legs of a donkey would be called an ""onocentaur""?"
Dromomania: a mania for roaming or running.
"OED Word of the Day: oeillade, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: offendicle, n. 
"Do you feel lucky? Synonyms for 'lucky' from the OED Historical Thesaurus include yblessed, bonifate, faust, eurous, and well-starred."
Barbatulous - having but a small beard.
"'Chivvy' (to harry, harass, trouble, worry) is a form of 'chevy', probably relating to the 16th-century 'Ballad of Chevy Chase'."
"OED Word of the Day: offendicle, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ragery, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: honey trap, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: qui vive, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: otalgia, n. 
Solidungulous - having a whole hoof.
that 'nostalgia' comes from the Greek words meaning 'return home' and 'pain'?
Pigsney - a specially cherished or beloved person. In later use also as a term of contempt.
"OED Word of the Day: otalgia, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: retiform, adj. 
Did you know that you probably have proairesis? It means 'the power to choose or make a decision'.
"'Shambles' meant stools, a meat-market, a slaughterhouse, and a place of carnage before its current meaning of 'a scene of disorder'."
"Gongoozler: an idler who stares at length at activity on a canal; hence more widely, a person who stares protractedly at anything."
"OED Word of the Day: retiform, adj. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: peri, n. 
"On 4 Oct., OED senior editor Fiona McPherson will be at speaking about the linguistic history of WW1: 
that a 'nightmare' was originally a female spirit or monster believed to settle on a sleeping person?
"'Shock' (a sudden, disturbing impression on the mind or feelings) comes from the French 'choc' (an encounter between two charging forces)."
"OED Word of the Day: peri, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: dustyfoot, n. 
that 'boondocks' (meaning rough or isolated country) comes from the Tagalog word for 'mountain'?
"'Super-fact' (a fact that surpasses all others in truth, significance, etc.) has been in use since at least 1911."
"that ""coupon"" comes from French, meaning ""piece cut off""?"
"OED Word of the Day: dustyfoot, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: noceur, n. 
"Smellfungus: a discontented person; a grumbler, faultfinder, after the name by which Laurence Sterne designated Tobias Smollett."
"Deuterogamist - one who marries a second time, or who upholds second marriages."
"If you're feeling sprightly, here are some synonyms for 'young': unbearded, whelpish, unlicked, bloomy, little waxen, and white-shoe."
"OED Word of the Day: noceur, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: alterity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: malison, n. 
"ICYMI: OED Word of the Day: nante palari, phr. 
"Now obsolete, the noun 'groot' once meant mud, soil, or earth."
"James Murray edited approximately 7,200 pages in the first edition of the OED. More OED facts here: 
"that the noun 'expletive' originally referred to any word(s) used to fill up a sentence, without adding to the meaning?"
"OED Word of the Day: nante palari, phr. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: agnoiology, n. 
"'Meander' (wandering at random) comes from the name of the river Maeander (now Menderes), noted for its winding course."
"Not quite that simple, but words do often enter  before OED. More here: 
"that 'nacho' is said to derive from Ignacio, the name of the supposed inventor of the popular Mexican dish?"
"It's not an OED update this time - you will be able to find it at  though! 
"OED Word of the Day: agnoiology, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: quomodo, n. 
"that 'queue' comes from the Latin cauda, meaning 'a tail'?"
'Clue' originally meant a ball of thread. Its current meaning came via the idea of thread being used to guide somebody out of a maze.
"OED Word of the Day: quomodo, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: et patati et patata, phr. 
OED etymologist Philip Durkin will discuss Borrowed Words: A History of Loanwords in English on 5 Oct: 
"Gardyloo: a warning cried before throwing dirty water into the street, from the pseudo-French phrase 'gare de l'eau' (beware of the water)."
that 'attic' originally meant small columns on top of a building? It's from the Latin Atticus ('relating to Attica or Athens').
"OED Word of the Day: et patati et patata, phr. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: utopographer, n. 
The OED are excited to be at on 10 Oct talking about words. More information here:  "We now know the dangers of asbestos, but did you know that 'asbestos' comes from the ancient Greek word meaning 'unquenchable'?"
that it would take one person 60 years to proofread all the text in the OED?
"OED Word of the Day: utopographer, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Sciapodes, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: merlion, n.3 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: rootle, v. 
"Do you ever use an accismus? It's the pretended refusal of something one keenly desires, or an instance of this."
"Although 'aroma' is now most commonly used in English to mean 'a pleasant smell', originally it simply meant 'spice'."
Yepsen - the two hands placed together so as to form a bowl-shaped cavity, as much as can be held in this.
"OED Word of the Day: rootle, v. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: obiter, adv., n., and adj.
"Currently, the OED's oldest evidence for 'ginny' (meaning 'cunning') dates to 1615, while 'harry' ('to make predatory raids') dates to 893."
'Companion' comes from the Latin com- ('together with') + panis ('bread') and thus means 'one who breaks bread with another'.The earliest evidence in the OED for the word 'photo' comes from an 1860 letter by Queen Victoria.
"OED Word of the Day: obiter, adv., n., and adj. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: alfet, n. 
"that pickpockets could be known as buzzgloaks, cly-fakers, dippers, and whizzers?"
"in 1809 Alfred Tennyson was born. He is the 27th most quoted source in the OED, for words including chirrup, javelin,; dabble.""The first ed. was published in 1928 in 10 vols., and reissued in 12 vols. in 1933. More OED facts here: 
"Thanks again for writing it, Jon!"
"OED Word of the Day: alfet, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: hegemonicon, n. 
"The proposed size of the OED's first edition was 4 volumes; 6,400 pages; its actual size ended up being 10 volumes; 15,490 pages."
A day in the life of an OED researcher... 
"Curious about synonyms for curious? Eveish, yuky, percontatorial, and questionous are options from the Historical Thesaurus of the OED."
"OED Word of the Day: hegemonicon, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: no man's land, n. 
"William Craigie, one of the OED's first four Editors, is the topic of this fascinating article by Interactive timeline: 100 words that define the "To commemorate its centenary, you can explore the linguistic legacy of the First World War: 
"OED Word of the Day: no man's land, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: parturition, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: saeter, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: Moby Dick, n. 
"Clatterfart - a chatterer, babbler, blabber."
"OED facts: 1,861,200 quotations were used in the first edition of the OED.""OED Word of the Day: Moby Dick, n. Are you guilty of abligurition? It's 'extravagant spending on food and drink'.
"Did you know that pepper is a sternutatory? That is, 'a substance that causes sneezing'."
Can you help us find the earliest use of FLOTUS? Have a look at the OED Appeal: "In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: honk, v.2 "that 'anthology' comes from the Greek for 'flower collection', first used to suggest that a book holds the 'flowers of verse'?",,,,Here's a round-up of a few new words that have caught our lexicographers' eyes recently… 
"OED Word of the Day: honk, v.2 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: statuvolism, n. 
OED senior editor Fiona McPherson will speak on the linguistic history of WW1 at in October: 
Glabrify - to make bald.
that in the 11th century a 'gossip' was a godfather or godmother?
"OED Word of the Day: statuvolism, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: rosarium, n. 
"in 1866, Beatrix Potter was born. She is quoted in the OED as evidence for puddle-duck, flopsy bunny, catwalk,; more."
One of the OED editors speaks to about Nine Worlds Geekfest: 
It's nearly lunchtime... did you know that a hungry person can be called a 'hungerer'?
"OED Word of the Day: rosarium, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cyclism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: peely-wally, adj. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: alphin, n. 
Can you help the OED find the earliest use of FLOTUS? 
"Melleous - of, resembling, or of the nature of honey; containing honey."
"Brabble, v. - to dispute obstinately or to quarrel about trifles."
"OED Word of the Day: alphin, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: prog, v.1 
Gesticularious - given to making lively or energetic motions with the limbs or body.
"Feeling clever? You could also call yourself solertic, capax, well-witted, craftly, intelligenced, senseful, or smeigh."
What is a faux-hawk and where did the OED find its earliest source for the term? investigates... 
"OED Word of the Day: prog, v.1 
Do 'cow' and 'coward' share the same etymological origin? Find out in today's blog post 
"A hat, a hypnotist, and one (partially) bad egg 
Are you an opsimath (a person who begins to learn or study late in life)?
"OED Word of the Day: mot juste, n. 
Are lexicographers good at crosswords? 
'Nihilarian' is a rare word for a person who deals with things of no importance.
"OED Word of the Day: beer pong, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: aficionado, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: aficionado, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: honeyfuggle, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: franch, v. 
"The phrase 'see you later, alligator' was popularized by a 1955 song by Bobby Charles. Our first recorded evidence dates from 1954."
"Thought-word, n.: a word conceived in the mind but not uttered."
A 'pimble stone' is a now rare term for a pebble.
"OED Word of the Day: Niobe, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Moab, n. 
"Ataraxy, n.: a state of serene calmness, from Greek ataraxia 'impassiveness', from a- 'not' + tarassein 'disturb'.""Hi Cris, citation information can be found by clicking on the 'cite' button at the top right of the entry you are using."
"OED Word of the Day: Moab, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Coney dog, n.2 
"Mallemaroking, n.: a rare nautical term for the boisterous and drunken exchange of hospitality between sailors in extreme northern waters."
'bass-ackwards' is older - our first recorded evidence there is from H.W. Shoemaker in 1930.
in 1951 The Catcher in the Rye was first published. The book provides our first recorded evidence for the word 'backasswards'.
"Owerance, n.:  superiority, ascendancy, mastery, control."
"OED Word of the Day: Coney dog, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philosophunculist, n. 
Agnoiology is the philosophical study of the nature of ignorance or of what it is impossible to know.
A 'percontation' is a now rare term for a question or inquiry which requires more than a 'yes' or 'no' answer.
"Ailurophobe, n.: a person who has an intense fear of or aversion to cats."
"OED Word of the Day: philosophunculist, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Wirt, n. 
"Prepone, v.: to bring forward to an earlier time or date. Opposed to postpone."
Thanks! There is plenty of evidence for 'tweet out', our editors are keeping an eye on it.
"Kiss me quick - synonyms for the verb 'kiss' include buss, smouch, bause, and suaviate."
"Alieniloquy, n.: an instance of straying from the subject one is supposed to be talking about; rambling or evasive talk."
"OED Word of the Day: Wirt, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: panier de crabes, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ethelborn, adj. (and n.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Savonarola, n. 
"Bowdlerize, v.: to expurgate (a book or writing), by omitting or modifying words or passages considered indelicate or offensive."
A 'monkeyry' is an obsolete term for a place where many monkeys are found.
'Quadrijugal' is a now obsolete term meaning 'pulled by four horses'.
"OED Word of the Day: Savonarola, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: book-pad, v. 
"Cruciverbalist, n.: a person who compiles or solves crossword puzzles; a crossword enthusiast."
"'Vegete' is a rare term meaning healthy, active. Of a person: fit and healthy, full of life and vigour, blooming."
"Misguggle, v.: to handle roughly, maul; to spoil."
"OED Word of the Day: book-pad, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: zindabad, int. (and n.) "Mooth, adj.: of the weather: warm, sultry, close. Of a person: exhausted by heat."
"Scouch, v.: to crouch or stoop; to move while doing this."
"OED Word of the Day: zindabad, int. (and n.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: discalceate, v. 
Myth-kitty: a body of myths known to, shared by the members of a particular community. Freq. with allusion to Philip Larkin's use in 1955.
Why was a certain dish of toasted cheese originally known as 'Welsh rabbit'? via It may come as a surprise that in French 'bidet' originally meant 'a small horse'...  via "OED Word of the Day: discalceate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pithanology, n. 
"Mimp: to behave, esp. to speak or eat, in an affected, over-precise, or fussy manner."
"Think someone's a bit pretentious? You could describe them as cocket, whalebone, hincty, toploftical, or flatulent."
'Busky' is an obsolete adjective meaning 'consisting of or covered with bushes, full of thickets, bushy'.
"OED Word of the Day: pithanology, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: kulfi, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: aestive, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: periapt, n.  "Dandy-horse: an early form of bicycle in which the rider sat on a bar between two wheels, propelled by pushing the ground with each foot."
The Oxford English Dictionary's first recorded use for the term 'bicycle' is currently from 1868:  The penny farthing bicycle was so called on account of the resemblance of the large, small wheels to a penny, a farthing respectively.
"OED Word of the Day: periapt, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: maverick, n. and adj.  What is the origin of the word 'snug'? on nautical language: 
Explore our illustrated timeline highlighting 100 Words that Define  The origins of SOS and Mayday:  w/Word of the day: QUIDDLE - someone who fusses over trivial matters. (via "OED Word of the Day: maverick, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oxter, v. 
Our first recorded evidence for the phrase 'paint the town red' comes from an 1883 edition of the New York Times.
"Hi Hugo, the OED rarely includes authors in this context owing to wide use of pseudonyms, reduplication, and verification problems."
"Boffo, adj: of a laugh: uproarious, unrestrained, hearty. Of a joke, act, show, etc.: uproariously or boisterously funny, hilarious."
"Omphalos, n.: The centre, heart, or hub of a place, from the round stone at Delphi supposed to mark the centre of the earth."
Could your tweets find a permanent home in the Oxford English Dictionary?  via "OED Word of the Day: oxter, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: poutine, n. 
"A 'cabbage', probably an alteration of 'cabin', is an obsolete term for a den or lair. Our first evidence for its use dates from 1567."
"11 words that are much older than you think, via 
Pseudimago is a rare chiefly entomological term for a form or stage that resembles the adult but is not a true adult.
"Quiddle, n.: an awkward or fastidious person; a person who fusses over trivial matters."
"OED Word of the Day: poutine, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abreption, n. 
"Affineur, n.:  a person responsible for maturing cheese in a cellar, climate-controlled room, etc.",,,,'100 Words that Define Dynamic timeline about how the conflict made its print on our language by 
"Lido: the name of a spit of land, a famous beach resort near Venice, now used gen. for a bathing-beach or public open-air swimming-pool."
"""The Oxford English Dictionary is one of humanity's greatest achievements"" says 
OED editor Bernadette Paton explores the history of the word 'dog':  "OED Word of the Day: abreption, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: empath, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mammy Water, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sematographic, adj.  "Persiflage, n.: light raillery or mockery; bantering talk; a frivolous or mildly contemptuous manner of treating any subject."
"Plap: to come down or fall with the sound of a flat impact; to make a light slapping sound. Earliest ex.: W.M. Thackeray, 1846."
See 'previous version' link to the right of the entry, it shows revision for the 3rd edn.
"The revision process has uncovered earlier evidence, which we published this month!"
"When we sent the tweet in 2013, the Plath quote was indeed the earliest example we had..."
A 'poke-nook' is the bottom corner of a bag or sack. 'To pickle in one's own poke-nook': to rely on one's own resources.,,,,Six unusual words with surprising meanings: The earliest record of the phrase 'to know where the bodies are buried' comes from Orson Welles' screenplay for 'C…
"OED Word of the Day: sematographic, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Etnean, adj.  "'Babblative' is a now somewhat archaic adjective meaning 'given to babbling; loquacious, prattling; verbose, bombastic.'"
We're relieved to announce that we scored 10/10 in the 'new words in the OED' quiz: 
'Nudiustertian' is a rare adjective meaning 'of or relating to the day before yesterday'.
It girl, oops, and sexpert: 20 words that originated in the 1920s 
"OED Word of the Day: Etnean, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nullibiety, n. 
"Fanfaronade, n.: 1. Boisterous or arrogant language, boastful assertion, brag; ostentation. 2. Fanfare."
"Sammyfoozle: to make a fool of; to cheat, con, e.g. ""You have been sammyfoozled by a rascally swindler."" Now obsolete."
"Do you have a kitchen garden or a herb garden? It could also be called an 'olitory', but this word is now rare."
"OED Word of the Day: nullibiety, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ochlophobia, n. 
"Oliprance: in early use, this obsolete noun meant 'pomp, ostentation, pride, vanity'; in later use meant 'merrymaking, jollity'."
You might find the Oxford Dictionaries Community useful? Take a look here: 
"Our historical thesaurus suggests lazy-bones, loiter-sack, lolpoop, morning-killer, and lie-abed as some alternatives!"
"A 'slug-a-bed' is one who lies long in bed through laziness. (As used in Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, for instance.)"
The unusual history of the 'ladybird':  via We discuss it in more than 140 characters here! Link: 
"We welcome earlier evidence, which can be submitted here:  Many thanks. "OED Word of the Day: ochlophobia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: greenswardsmanship, n.  Browse our illustrated timeline highlighting 100 Words that Define the First World War:  You're welcome, looking forward to your tweets.
What are the main grammatical differences between early modern and late modern English?  "This link allows free access to  'world-class, adj.'  for 3 days. Hope this helps! 
We'd recommend noting in your citation the date on which you accessed the text.
That's right! ODE/OxfordDictionaries.com found tweeting If words are your thing, we've also the story of the man 'without whom', James Murray, founder of The OED's earliest citation for a reference to modern tennis is a letter of 1878 written by George Eliot.
"OED Word of the Day: greenswardsmanship, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: coco, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: surfari, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: omnific, adj. 
"Obvaricate, v.: to obstruct (a person or a person's progress)."
"Do submit your evidence via our online form, we'd love to hear about an older ice lolly! 
"Ice pops are older than ice lollies. Our first recorded evidence for 'ice pop' dates from 1896, whilst 'ice lolly' dates from 1949.""OED Word of the Day: omnific, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: parvanimity, n. 
"New OED additions: 7 useful words you might not have known, via; 
"Moon-blind, adj. and n.: As if suffering from moon blindness; dim-witted, obtuse; intellectually blind. Now obsolete."
To 'owl' is a now rare verb that historically meant 'to smuggle (wool or sheep) out of England'.
"Poppling, n.: a now rare term for disturbance or turbulence on the surface of water."
"OED Word of the Day: parvanimity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: frampler, n.  An Oxford Guide to the First World War and English vocabulary:  If they catch on and become an established part of English...! Little green men to the men in black: alien words in the OED  [archive]
"OED Word of the Day: frampler, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: roque, n. 
"Plugola, n.: surreptitious or undeclared promotion or publicizing of a product or person, esp. on radio or television."
"An obnoxity is an obnoxious, objectionable, or offensive person or thing. Our first recorded use is by D.H. Lawrence in 1924."
"Thanks for getting in touch. Please do submit this evidence via the link, our editors will love to see it: 
An 'offendicle' is a now obsolete noun for a stumbling block, something that causes spiritual stumbling.
"OED Word of the Day: roque, n. 
"John Simpson, former chief editor of the Oxford English Dictionary (awarded OBE:  
Former OED chief editor John Simpson receives an OBE for his services to literature: 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: platitudinarianism, n. 
The earliest recorded example of 'bigwiggism' comes from Middlemarch: ""I didn't like...so much empty bigwiggism."""
"John Simpson, former chief editor of the OED, awarded OBE for services to literature: 
"OED launches 100 words to commemorate centenary of First World War  via "What's that thingy called? Synonyms for an item or person whose name is forgotten include washical, jiggumbob, oojah, and tiddlypush."
"OED Word of the Day: platitudinarianism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pushmi-pullyu, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: macte, int. 
We asked you for help with tracing the origins of 'skive', 'camouflage'. The results:  The language of World War 1: French and German loanwords in English  World War I timeline: how did the events of the war leave their mark on the English language?  Tracing the origins of 'skive' and 'camouflage': an update  
"OED update: additions this June include bezzie, flexitarian, hashtag,; selfie.  w/ Oxford English Dictionary update: what's new?  Oxford English Dictionary update: what is the youngest word in the OED? 
As of today, ""crowdsourcing"" (2006) is no longer the youngest word in the The new title-holder is ""copernicium"" (2…"
"Oeillade: a glance of the eye; a meaningful or knowing look, esp. an amorous look, an ogle. Earliest recorded example: 1592."
Our earliest recorded example of 'value proposition' in the business/marketing sense is from 1986.
"OED Word of the Day: World Cup, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Burgess, n.2 
"Our first recorded use of the term 'camera-ready' dates from 1937, appearing in L.T. Mowrer's autobiography, Journalist's Wife."
"The noun 'me-too', meaning a person who imitates others, dates from 1886."
"Got a spare room? A perhendinancer is a now obsolete term for a person who sojourns, a lodger."
"OED Word of the Day: Burgess, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hell-kettle, n. 
"Mud-honey is a figurative term for worldly or material pleasures, first used in Tennyson's poem, Maud."
"Our first recorded use of the noun 'no-brainer' comes from a cartoon caption in a 1957 edition of the Independent (Long Beach, California)."
"Mumpsimus, n.: a person who obstinately adheres to old ways in spite of clear evidence that they are wrong."
"OED Word of the Day: hell-kettle, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ponente, n. 
The now rare verb 'to raven' means to take away (esp. property) by force, to seize or divide as spoil, to carry off as prey.
"The act of shaving can be known as dodding, barbing, poodling, and pogonotomy."
"The original sense of 'picnic', from 1748, referred to a fashionable social event at which each guest contributed a share of the food."
"OED Word of the Day: ponente, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: discubiture, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: metagrobolize, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rupestral, adj. and n.  "Fabiform, adj.: bean-shaped. (Derived from Latin 'faba' meaning 'bean'.)"
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet. But what is a tuffet? Via 
"A 'tenderometer' is an instrument for testing the tenderness of raw peas for picking, processing, etc."
"OED Word of the Day: rupestral, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Odyssey, n. 
Join the conversation about language: visit the Oxford Dictionaries Community... 
Did you know that the piece of waste material removed from punched cards or tape during punching is known as a chad?
Do you have an earlier record of a word which our editors are currently researching?  "OED Word of the Day: Odyssey, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Arthurian, adj. and n. 
"Our first recorded example of the proverbial phrase 'as white as a sheet' comes from Henry Fielding's novel of 1752, Amelia."
"What was the first word ever spoken? The questions only a child would ask, via 
"Greenswardsmanship, a humorous blend of greensward and swordsmanship, is the cultivation of an unusually and enviably excellent lawn."
"OED Word of the Day: Arthurian, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Robin Hood, n. 
"Why is bloody a swear word? The questions only a child would ask, via  
A psychrolutist is an advocate of bathing in cold water.
"Melpomenish, adj.: a rare literary term meaning tragic; of a tragic demeanour."
"OED Word of the Day: Robin Hood, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hero, n. 
"Skinkling, adj.: gleaming, glistening, sparkling; (also) showy."
"Our earliest recorded example of this sense of 'plump' is from Kyng Alisaunder, c1400."
"The verb 'plump' can be used to describe something landing with a splash, e.g. the ducklings plumped into the water."
"Negaholism, n.: the condition of being habitually negative or pessimistic."
"OED Word of the Day: hero, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: runcation, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: yada yada, int. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: altiloquence, n. 
'Thumble-toe' is a northern dialect word for the big or great toe.
Maya Angelou is quoted as supporting evidence for 42 entries in the Oxford English Dictionary. 
The process is underway. Thanks!
in 1593 Christopher Marlowe, 29, was fatally stabbed with his own dagger. Marlowe and the 
The adjective 'foxed' can be used to describe leaves of books discoloured by decay or stained with brownish-yellow spots.
"Our earliest ex. of the proleptic use of 'toast' (doomed person) is in Ghostbusters: ""This chick is toast!"" 
"OED Word of the Day: altiloquence, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: paludamentum, n. 
"Dog's letter, n.: a now rare name for the letter R (from its resemblance in sound to the snarl of a dog)."
"Word-paint, v.: to describe or depict vividly in words; to make a word picture of."
"Culturati, n.: cultured people considered as a class; members of a cultural elite."
"OED Word of the Day: paludamentum, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ploce, n. 
"Oology, n.: The branch of knowledge that deals with birds' eggs, esp. in regard to their external appearance."
"Jazzetry, n.: The reading aloud of poetry to a jazz accompaniment."
"Wordmonger, n.: Originally: a person who deals in strange, pedantic, or empty words. Now also: a person skilled in the use of words."
"OED Word of the Day: ploce, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: girl's mercury, n. 
"Scratchiti, n.: words or images engraved or etched (illegally) into surfaces in a public place."
"Pismirism, n.: hoarding of money; miserliness (with reference to the behaviour of ants in hoarding food)."
"Nemophilist, n.: a now rare term for a person who loves or is fond of woods or forests."
"OED Word of the Day: girl's mercury, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nothingarian, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Rafferty's rules, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: toilet-paper, v. 
"10 slang phrases that perfectly sum up their era, via; 
Time to get ill: Beastie Boys lyrics in the Oxford English Dictionary 
Ink-horn: a small portable vessel for holding writing-ink: now seldom used. To smell of the ink-horn: to be pedantic.
"OED Word of the Day: nettle, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: motifeme, n.  "The many origins of the English language, via 
"So long, partner: the curious staying power of husband and wife, via; 
Which Winston? Confusable names in the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: motifeme, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mensur, n. 
Small triumphs of etymology: “oof”  viaWhat is the origin of the word 'berserk'? 
The dandelion (from the French for 'lion's tooth') can also be called 'pissabed' (it has diuretic properties): 
"OED Word of the Day: mensur, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hot diggety dog, int. 
"Pant-hoot, n.:  a breathy hooting or honking call uttered by a chimpanzee."
"Oxygal, n.: a now obsolete term for sour milk."
"'Lamb's-wool' was the name given to 'a drink consisting of hot ale mixed with the pulp of roasted apples, and sugared and spiced'."
"OED Word of the Day: hot diggety dog, int. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: disjune, n. 
"Psychopomp, n.: a mythical conductor or guide of souls to the place of the dead."
"'You Vidiot!': 7 Words That Are Older Than You Thought, via 
"Heartfully, adv.: with the whole heart; with enthusiasm, conviction, or intense feeling; warmly, cordially; devotedly. Earliest ex.: a1450."
"Take a look at the website, there's lots of information on new words there: 
"OED Word of the Day: disjune, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: balletomane, n. (and adj.) 
"OED Word of the Day: chemin de fer, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: saeva indignatio, n.  "Oliprance: in early use this now-obsolete word meant pomp, ostentation, pride, or vanity. In later use: merrymaking or jollity."
Our earliest recorded example of the noun 'pub luncher'  (a person who eats a pub lunch) is in a 1971 edition of "Sun-glade, n.: a beam or track of sunlight, esp. the track of reflected sunlight on water."
"OED Word of the Day: saeva indignatio, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sadhu, n. 
"Aleatory, adj.: specifically of art, music, etc.: created, composed, or performed according to a chance process."
"Serein, n.: a fine rain falling from a cloudless sky."
"Our entry for 'imponderable' is scheduled for revision, but our earliest recorded example of the word is from 1794."
Little triumphs of etymology: “pedigree”  via "OED Word of the Day: sadhu, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: virtuecrat, n.  All about the German 'sausage' idioms  via 
Wilkie Collins' 'The Woman in White' provides the OED's earliest recorded example of the word 'postbox' (1860).
18 awesome ways to say awesome: [blog post]  [word cloud] 
"OED Word of the Day: virtuecrat, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moider, v.  "Streetlet, n.: a little street."
Meet OED Senior Editor Fiona McPherson at Dining Club on 28 May: 
"Many thanks, we are currently revising this entry. Please could you share details here? 
"Brain sucker, n.: a person who takes credit for or benefits undeservedly from the intellectual labour of others."
"OED Word of the Day: moider, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: putative, adj.  An 'oenophile' is a lover of Our earliest recorded example of the word is from 1865.
"Eructation, n.: the action of voiding wind from the stomach through the mouth; belching."
Do you have an earlier record of a word which our editors are currently researching? 
"OED Word of the Day: putative, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: motherese, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nul points, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pateriform, adj. 
"Twitterpated, adj.: Love-struck, besotted. Also: thrilled, excited; obsessed."
"Quisby, n.: obsolete slang for a wretch; an idle person."
"Biospelaeology | biospeleology, n.: the study of the living organisms found in caves."
"OED Word of the Day: pateriform, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philosophaster, n. 
"Abligurition, n.: a now rare term for extravagant spending on food and drink."
"Historical terms for a device to assist hearing include otacousticon, sarbacane, auricle, and ear-spectacle."
"When did we start saying 'blah, blah, blah'?, via 
"OED Word of the Day: philosophaster, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nidor, n. 
"Subdolous: a now somewhat rare adjective meaning cunning, crafty; sly, underhand."
"Heart-balm, n.: Something that has a soothing or calming effect on the heart or emotions; emotional comfort; consolation."
"Recondite, adj.: esp. of a subject of study or discussion: little known or understood; abstruse, obscure; profound."
"OED Word of the Day: nidor, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: miling, n.2 
"Coolamon, n.: A shallow basin-shaped container made of wood or bark, used esp. for holding water or other liquids."
"Sir Roger Bannister, who ran the first sub-four minute mile 60 years ago today, is quoted in our 'miling': 
"Virtuecrat, n.: A person who is convinced of his or her moral superiority."
"OED Word of the Day: miling, n.2 
"Xoloitzcuintli, n.: the Mexican hairless dog."
"Macte, int.: a chiefly literary term expressing approval, encouragement, or good will."
"OED Word of the Day: emoji, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: babblative, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: flightseeing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nocuous, adj.  Did you know that Good Housekeeping is quoted over 500 times in the OED?  Why do some surnames feature in the Oxford English Dictionary? 
"Gormandize, v.: to eat like a glutton; to feed voraciously; to devour greedily, to gobble up, to take in eagerly."
"OED Word of the Day: nocuous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: onolatry, n.: 'Worship of the donkey or ass.'  "May-dew, n.: dew formed or gathered on May Day or in May, popularly supposed to have medicinal and cosmetic properties."
"Mayday, used as a distress signal or call for help, is derived from French m'aidez or m'aider 'help me!'"
"May Day: the first day of May, traditionally an occasion for springtime festivities."
"OED Word of the Day: onolatry, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: moue, n.  OED birthday word generator: which words originated in your birth year?  The Oxford English Dictionary's earliest recorded example of 'nuff said' is from 1840. What's in a name? A short history of English personal names: 
"OED Word of the Day: moue, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lowbell, v.  "Are you furiously angry? Historical synonyms include furibund, horn-mad, sulphureous, savage, woodful, and wroth as the wind."
"French kiss, n. 1. An act of kissing a person on both cheeks (earliest ex. in OED: 1836). 2. A kiss with contact between tongues (1922)."
"Walter W. Skeat (1835-1912) and spelling reform, via 
"OED Word of the Day: lowbell, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: skinkling, adj.  """What is the plural of platypus? Is it platypodes?"" via 
"Discubiture, n.:  a reclining posture assumed when dining. (Now obsolete.)"
Calling all have you ever seen a copy of the book 'Mathematick Rules'?  "OED Word of the Day: skinkling, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nozzer, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: malestream, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: cravateer, n. 
"Roucoulement, n.: a soft cooing or murmuring noise, spec. the characteristic sound made by a dove or pigeon."
"A 'peloton' historically referred to a small body of soldiers, but is now also used for a group or cluster of cyclists in a cycle race."
Ever struggled to describe a period of 592 years? Octodesexcentenary is perfect for such an occasion.
"OED Word of the Day: cravateer, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mubble fubbles, n.  The verb 'mumble' can describe eating without making much use of the teeth: 
Is there a word to describe how you eat w/ 
"Henry James Is cited more than 1,000 times in the OED. Here's why, via 
You can find out about contributing to the OED here: 
"OED Word of the Day: mubble fubbles, n. "OED Word of the Day: multipotent, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alveary, n. 
"Rinkomania, n.: a passion for skating on rinks, esp. the popular roller-skating craze of the 1870s."
"Pococurante, n. and adj.: a careless, indifferent, or nonchalant person."
"A cloudy day can be said to be nimbose, nebulous, nubilous, or skyless."
"OED Word of the Day: alveary, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: plangorous, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pysanka, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: motza, n. 
"Our word of the day is matraca, a wooden rattle used instead of church bells on Good Friday: 
"OED Word of the Day: matraca, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Maundy, n. 
"Losenger, n.: an obsolete term for a false flatterer, a lying rascal, a deceiver."
"'Supercherie' is not a term of endearment, but is a (now rare) term for an attack made upon a person at a disadvantage; foul play."
The distribution of gifts of money has been part of the Royal Maundy ceremony in England since the 13th cent.  "OED Word of the Day: Maundy, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: phreak, n. 
"Oorie, adj: dismal, gloomy; cheerless; miserable as a result of cold, illness, etc.",,,,Your dictionary needs you! Can you find a copy of Mathematick Rules? 
"In 1809 toilet paper referred to soft paper prepared for shaving, hair-curling, etc. 
"OED Word of the Day: phreak, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philoxenist, n. 
"Mawashi, n.: a type of loincloth worn by a sumo wrestler."
A cravateer is a person employed to tie cravats or neckties.
"Pooh Bah, n.: a person who holds many offices at the same time; a person or body with much influence or many functions."
"OED Word of the Day: philoxenist, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: monorhyme, n. and adj. 
"Galanthophile, n.: a collector of or expert on snowdrops."
"Tired of the word 'awesome'? Alternatives include eximious, braw, topgallant, prestantious, supernacular, or snodger."
"Cryptozoology, n.: the study of animals whose existence or survival to the present day is disputed or unsubstantiated."
"OED Word of the Day: monorhyme, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: moulage, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mare's nest, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perspicacious, adj. 
"Noodleism, n.: a now obsolete term for a silly action or idea."
"Other words for hedgehog include irchepil, thorn-hog, land-urchin, hotchi-witchi, and tiggy."
14 abstract nouns would like to bring back: 
"OED Word of the Day: perspicacious, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Ruritania, n. 
"Bit bucket, n.: a chiefly humorous computing term for a notional location in which lost or discarded data is said to be collected."
"Staycation or bleisure? Travel loves made-up words, via 
"Smellfungus, n.: a discontented person; a grumbler, faultfinder."
"OED Word of the Day: Ruritania, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: agnize, v. 
"Snuzzle can also mean 'to nuzzle, snuggle, or settle down comfortably' (of persons, esp. children)."
The verb 'snuzzle' can mean: 1) of swine: to rout about with the snout . 2)  of a dog: to sniff or poke with the nose.Here's how a word enters the OED:  Here's the entry for gamification: 
"That's right; compare Frinight, Saturnight, Sunnight, etc."
Thanks for getting in touch Monica, we've passed your details on to the US PR department.
"What can the Historical Thesaurus tell us about the changing language, and concepts, of men, women and children? 
"OED Word of the Day: agnize, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: socius, n.  "When is Wednesnight? It's the night before Wednesday, Tuesday night. (Recorded in use in Old English; now obsolete.)"
Can you find this missing book?  Our earliest recorded example of the noun 'fairyland' is found in 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'.
"OED Word of the Day: socius, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: advesperate, v. 
Emblossom: to load or cover with blossoms. Hello duckies: we've picked our favourite endearments through the ages using our Historical Thesaurus. 
Bibliographical mystery: have you ever seen a copy of the book 'Mathematick Rules'?  "OED Word of the Day: advesperate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: remiform, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: culturgen, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: skinny, v.  "Silver bullet, n.: any of various cocktails made with gin or vodka; (now) spec. a martini."
"Our skinny v., marks the 75th anniversary of the publication of The Grapes of Wrath (see 1st quot.): 
"OED isn't currently available as an app, but our followers will be among the first to hear of future plans."
"On as a profession, via 
'Statuomania' is a rare term for an excessive or passionate enthusiasm for erecting statues.
"OED Word of the Day: skinny, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lowlihead, n. htp://oxford.ly/1dPb3pZ Our earliest recorded example of the word 'sheepified' (meaning 'made sheep-like') is found in S.T. Coleridge's Letters (1812).
"Doryphore: a person who draws attention to the minor errors made by others, esp. in a pestering manner; a pedantic gadfly."
"Feeling angry? You could be said to be spitting any of the following: venom, poison, blood, fire, cotton, or chips."
"OED Word of the Day: lowlihead, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: word-paint, v.  'Muckibus' is a now obsolete adjective meaning drunkenly sentimental or maudlin.
The OED entry for 'dog cart' tells us that: 'The use of dogs to draw carts was prohibited in England by statute...in 1854.'
'Merry-go-sorry' is an obsolete noun meaning 'a mixture of joy and sorrow'. Our earliest recorded example is from 1599.
"OED Word of the Day: word-paint, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sillytonian, n. 
April fool meaning 'the victim of a trick' is recorded from 1693, April fool referring to the trick itself is from 1845.
"Morosoph, n.: 1)  a wise fool, a jester. 2)  a foolish pedant or would-be philosopher. (Now rare.)"
Is the OED's earliest recorded use of the word 'wannabe' from the Spice Girls' song? Find out in our quiz: 
Our earliest recorded example of 'April fool' (meaning a trick or hoax perpetrated on the first of April) is from 1845. Our earliest recorded example of 'April fool' (the victim of a trick or hoax on the first of April) is from 1693.True or false? An April Fool's Day quiz  "Historical synonyms for 'one who jokes' include scogginist, buffoon, banterer, jack-pudding, farceur,; merry-andrew. "OED Word of the Day: sillytonian, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: absterge, v. 
"More historical synonyms for 'talkative person', from bletherskate to prattle box: 
"tacenda, n.: things to be passed over in silence; matters not to be mentioned."
Many thanks for letting us know!
"OED Word of the Day: absterge, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: Vulcan, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: recidivate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pavisand, v. 
"Historical synonyms for 'partially drunk' include semi-bousy, tipsy, mellow, cherry-merry, groggified, squizzed,; tiddly.",,,,Logomachy: an argument about words (from Greek: logos 'word' + -makhia 'fighting') 
"Pavisand, v.: to display an impressive or opulent array of clothing and ornament; to flaunt one's appearance. 
Sour-grapey: disparaging because something is out of reach. Our earliest recorded ex. is an a 1962 ed. of Punch magazine.
"OED Word of the Day: pavisand, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quot homines tot sententiae, phr. 
Who are you calling a Geordie? North-east English dialects: From early doors to blood-tub: language relating to 
"Dickens' Letters provide our earliest figurative ex. of prawn (one likened to a prawn in appearance/character, esp. in being foolish.)"
"OED Word of the Day: quot homines tot sententiae, phr. 
'Sniggling' is the action or practice of fishing for eels by means of a baited hook or needle thrust into their holes or haunts.
"Ginger-beery, adj.: resembling the effervescing or popping of ginger-beer. E.g. ""A brisk, ginger-beery sort of speech."""
You can also listen to Wm Minor's story ; to that of James Murray, founding editor of the 
" ... have coined the term at the Winged Foot Golf Club, New York State, in the 1930s."Died on this day, in 1920, William Minor, perhaps the most unusual contributor to the Here's his story in 
"scripts are quoted 19 times in the Oxford English Dictionary, in entries from oi to que sera sera 
'int.' is an abbreviation of 'interjection'.
"OED Word of the Day: om, n. (and int.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: low-side window, n. 
"Our earliest recorded ex. of 'wahey' is in a 1979 'Now, spin round and round, then let the welly go.' 'Sounds easy! Wahey!'"
"Historical synonyms for 'talkative person' include blabberer, clatterfart, bablatrice, twattle-basket, nimble-chops,; jawsmith."
Our earliest recorded example of the colloquial word 'bestie' (best friend) is from a 1991 edition of  The Observer. "OED Word of the Day: low-side window, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: zythum, n. 
A 'slug-a-bed' is one who lies long in bed through laziness. Our earliest recorded example is from Romeo and Juliet.
"Spiflicate: to confound or overcome completely; to treat or handle roughly or severely; to crush, destroy. (Common in 19th C.)"
"The OED records 'patheticness' in use from the 19th C., and 'patheticalness' from the 17th C. (now rare).""OED's citations use a short titling system, whereby to save space we omit certain words (typically words like 'a', 'the', etc)"
"OED Word of the Day: zythum, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: gaseyn, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: new-yeaned, adj. 
Miss Piggy stars in a quotation in the Oxford English Dictionary for the word 'porcinity':   "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: n. From answering 'is that really a word?' to OED dating tips: tales from an OED researcher 
"Did you know that the word 'muppet' was coined by Jim Henson, creator of  "On Twitter's eighth birthday, our word of the day is another name for the hash sign 
It means that at present it is our earliest recorded written example of the word.
House-proud: OED's earliest recorded example is from 1822 ('Shirley' is cited in 1849). Look-see: 1883.
"OED Word of the Day: octothorp, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rabi, n.  Wonder why it's called an ""equinox""? Here's a list of delightful words you get to use in during springtime 
The entry includes notes on origin: 
The only word in the OED which rhymes with orange is sporange: 
Our friends at discuss the pronunciation of 'scone' here: 
The only word in the OED which rhymes with orange is sporange: 
"OED Word of the Day: rabi, n. A rare insight into the life of an researcher courtesy of 
"Words in the OED that with purple include curple (meaning 'rump') and turple ('to tumble, to die')."
"OED Word of the Day: abacus, n. 
Word story: how we stopped wearing toilets and started using them  w/ "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: primerole, n. 
Are you addicted to delaying or prone to delay? You are 'cunctatious' (rare word recorded in use since at least 1864).
"Passeriform, adj.:  resembling a sparrow in form or structure. Earliest recorded example: 1890. 'Pavonaceous' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'of the blue-green colour of a peacock's breast'.
"OED Word of the Day: primerole, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: macushla, n. From 'trousers' to 'Tories': unexpected Irish words in English  "Hi, we welcome new evidence. You can find out more about contributing to the OED here: 
A 'pauciloquent' person uses few words in speech or conversation. The OED entry notes that the word is rare.,,,,Five uses for a dictionary you never knew about  Does 'gasoline' have its origins in the name of a London publisher?  [From archive]
Overlooked word from the update: ethnomycology, 'the traditional knowledge and customs of a people concerning fungi…"
"OED Word of the Day: macushla, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: minacity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: boffo, n.1 and adj.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: virtu, n. 
"'Pastilicate' is an obsolete rare verb meaning a)  to shape into little balls, and b) to administer a pill."
Julius Caesar provides the OED's first written occurrence for 90 different senses of words: 
We only have it as a variant form of 'nibbling' (used chiefly in the 1500s-1800s).
Do you resemble a parsnip? You could be described as pastinaceous. (Obsolete rare word, earliest recorded example: 1657)."OED Word of the Day: virtu, n. 
From 'bestie' to 'bookaholic': what's new in the latest OED update?  "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: paroxysm, n. 
"OED update: the changes in empathy, employ, and empire 
OED update: how the French 'toile' cloth came to be toilet 
"The March OED update includes over 900 new words, phrases, and senses. Find out what's new: 
"OED Word of the Day: paroxysm, n. 
The adjective 'passive-aggressive' has U.S. origins, our earliest recorded example of the word is from 1945.
How do British and American attitudes to dictionaries differ? Via 
"A phrontistery is a place for thinking or studying; an educational institution. (Literary term, earliest ex.1623.)"
"OED Word of the Day: olitory, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: low-bridge, v. 
"Phlizz: something apparently existing, or existing in name, but having no real substance; anything without meaning or value; a chimera."
Are you blonde? You are flavicomous (obsolete 18th-century word meaning 'having yellow hair').
We have evidence of the figurative sense being used in the 19th century.
"OED Word of the Day: low-bridge, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nerterology, n. 
"Pinacotheca, n.: a place for storing and exhibiting works of art; an gallery."
'Flap-sauce' is an obsolete word meaning 'glutton'. Our earliest recorded example is from 1540.
"24 Oct. 1860 Queen Victoria Let. in Dearest Child (1964): ""She is waiting to know...about the photo."""
Our earliest recorded example of the noun 'photo' is found in Queen Victoria's letters (24 Oct. 1860). Lust-house. n. a) country-house, villa; b) tavern with beer-garden. 1590. (file under: does not mean what you thi…"
"OED Word of the Day: nerterology, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: psittacism, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rubric, n. and adj. 
"'Flitter-mouse' can be used as a term of playful endearment, or to refer to a bat."
From the archive: the classical roots of magical spells in Harry Potter 
What influence has Welsh had on the English language?  via Our earliest recorded example of the figurative sense of 'literally' is from 1769: 
"This entry is scheduled for revision, but our current entry shows it in use in the mid 19th century in a nautical sense."
"OED Word of the Day: rubric, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lingtow, n. 
Monkey meat and Zepps in a cloud: words for food  via in 1806 Elizabeth Barrett Browning was born. E.B.B. in the OED: 
"If you'd like to contribute to the OED, you can find more information here:  Thanks!"
We do not have an entry for Skenthroppe at present.
21 fascinating words that originated during  via "Quintuply, adv.: in a fivefold manner; to five times the usual degree or extent."
"OED Word of the Day: lingtow, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: maginnis, n. 
Happy days: a) used as a drinking toast celebrating happy times, b) expressing (wistful) recollection of happy times in the past.
The 14 languages that have given the most words to English:  [interactive feature]
Serendipity: making happy and unexpected discoveries by accident. The word was coined by Horace Walpole in 1754.
Our earliest recorded example of the term 'pancake race' is found in The Baltimore Sun on 17 Jan. 1951.
"OED Word of the Day: maginnis, n. 
"Welsh has had less influence on the English language than Hawaiian, Turkish, or Icelandic  via "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pancake bell, n.  Pancake races are traditionally held in some places on participants toss a pancake in a pan as they run. Earliest ex. 1951
Interactive feature: compare the impact that different languages have made on English over time 
'Pancake Day' has been used to mean Shrove Tuesday since at least 1700. Scapulimancy is divination by means of the cracks in a shoulder-blade put into the fire...
Scapulimancy is divination by means of the cracks in a shoulder-blade put into the fire...
"OED Word of the Day: pancake bell, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quintillion, n. and adj. 
Scapulimancy is divination by means of the cracks in a shoulder-blade put into the fire.
'Spatulamancy' is divination by means of the shoulder-blade of an animal.Thanks for letting us know, we'll get that fixed.
Ickylickysticky (adj., nonce-word) is defined in the as ""unpleasantly sticky"". J.Joyce, 1922: ""They blow ickylickystick…"
Did you know that most local libraries in the UK offer free remote access? 
"The following link allows free access to this unrevised entry for three days (see B.1 note):
"OED Word of the Day: quintillion, n. and adj. "OED Word of the Day: afanc, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pillory, n. 
"Party-hearty: fun-loving; eager to drink, socialize, dance, etc., esp. unrestrainedly or frequently; encouraging such behaviour."
Which dictionary entry did former Chief Editor John Simpson most enjoy working on? 
When were the terms 'trench foot' and 'trench mouth' first used?  "OED Word of the Day: pillory, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: low, n.1 
A 'quidnunc' is a person who constantly asks: 'What now?', an inquisitive or nosy person, a gossip.
The OED isn't currently available as an iPad app. Here is a list of available Oxford Dictionaries apps: 
The Oxford English Dictionary Wants YOU! via  "Feeling sluggish, dull, and spiritless? You are 'sloomy'. (Our earliest example is in John Clare's Poems, 1820.)"
""Imberb"" is a rare word meaning beardless. has one ex., from Aldous Huxley (1923): ""A face…so imberb that he looked lik…"
"OED Word of the Day: low, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: redolent, adj. 
Marlowe's Doctor Faustus provides our earliest recorded example of 'que sera sera' in English:  How do British and American attitudes to dictionaries differ? Guest post by 
"An epithalamium is a nuptial song or poem in praise of the bride and bridegroom, and praying for their prosperity."
A 'prothalamion' is a song or poem written in celebration of a (forthcoming) The only word in the OED that rhymes with orange is sporange (a botanical term for a part of a fern).
"OED Word of the Day: redolent, adj. 
Muckibus means 'drunkenly sentimental'. Our earliest recorded example is found in Horace Walpole's Letters (1756).
"Yes, we record this verb in use since at least 1960. Here is the definition: 
"Wamble-cropped: adj.: affected with nausea, sick (in both literal and figurative use)."
Beggars, buggers, and bigots, part 1  "It was added to the OED  in 1972, and we have found evidence of it in use since at least 1929."
"OED Word of the Day: muskings, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nukespeak, n. 
How you could contribute to the Oxford English Dictionary centenary project: 
Skive (to avoid work) has origins. Can you help us find early written evidence?  Our Word of the Day links are usually free for 36 hours. This link will work for you for 3 days: 
The English expressions and slang of World War One:  w/ "OED Word of the Day: nukespeak, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: patchery, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: affineur, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: capisce, v. 
A 'calligraph' is one who writes beautifully, spec. a professional transcriber of manuscripts.
Our earliest recorded example of 'wassup' ('What's up?' 'What is happening?' 'What is the matter?') is from 1902.
"Unless, of course, you find information related to our specific 
Thanks, please do send any antedating evidence via the OED contribution form: 
We don't offer individual trials. You mentioned a trial for your business, how many users would this be for?
Our earliest recorded example of 'not' in the sense popularized by Wayne's World is from 1888.
"11 words and phrases popularized by World War One, via  "Slangwhanger, n.: a noisy or abusive talker or writer (chiefly U.S.) The OED records the word in use since at least 1807."
The etymology section notes 'compare German dialect schlurgen: to go about in a slovenly manner'.
"OED Word of the Day: capisce, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nyaff, n. 
Our earliest recorded example of 'smackdown' (a beating/humiliation/defeat) is in a 1990 edition of 'Slurg' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'to lie sleepily or sluggishly'.
"No, it largely pertains to the animal, although it can also be used figuratively to mean cunning or sly."
You can find subscription information and contact details here: 
"'Foxy' can mean crafty/cunning, but can also describe misleadingly bright weather, beer/wine not properly fermented, or a desirable woman."
"OED Word of the Day: nyaff, n. 
'Back to the Future' provides the OED's earliest ex. of 'hello' implying that a person is not paying attention: 
"OED does cite Lawrence, but dated a1935, as we cannot verify its appearance in notes he wrote during 1922 while in the RAF"
The plural can be beeves or (US) beefs. See entry here: 
Our earliest recorded example of 'penchant' in English is found in  John Dryden's Marriage a-la-Mode (1673)."OED isn't yet available as an app, but the Oxford Dictionaries Quick Search app offers some etymology info: 
Our earliest recorded example of the word 'mascara' in the English language is from 1886.
"OED Word of the Day: mogul, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: aidos, n. 
Here's the top ten list of most quoted women in the OED: 
From Samuel Pepys to Adrian Mole: diarists in the Oxford English Dictionary 
Did you know that Elizabeth Barrett Browning is the fifth most quoted woman in the OED's illustrative quotations? 
10 words you need to know for curling: an guide 
"OED Word of the Day: aidos, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mu, n.3 and int. 
"On 17 February 1872, one of the most important volunteer contributors to the OED committed a fatal crime:  
"Caseous, adj.: 1) Of the nature of cheesy. 2) Abounding in cheese; fond of cheese. 3) Resembling cheese in appearance."
Was the term 'Eyetie' used during the First World War?  Do you know the difference between an allumeuse and an amourette?  via We record it in the sense 'to accomplish something in an irregular way by scheming or contrivance' since 1888.
"OED Word of the Day: mu, n.3 and int. 
"OED Word of the Day: nivosity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mummerset, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: pays du tendre, n. 
A 'kiss-me-quick' was a small bonnet standing far back on the head (dating to 1852) and a ringlet in front of the ear (dating to 1893).
Romanceful (full of romance) dates to 1821, romanceless (devoid of romance) dates to 1832.
"Alternative names for the plant Nigella damascena include love-in-a-mist, love entangled, love-in-a-puzzle, and kiss-me-twice-before-I-rise."
"An 'x' has been used to represent a kiss since 1763, according to current OED research."
"Both can be used, although 'dispatched' is more common."
"OED Word of the Day: pays du tendre, n. 
Pukka flamingo: the words English has swapped with the world  w/ "In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: philopatric, adj. 
What does it take to be a successful etymologist? Via 
Why did 'Sam Browne' become U.S. military slang for 'a commissioned officer'? 12 words you need to know for snowboarding  "Whoops, thanks for letting us know! "The international swap trade in useful words, via 
"OED Word of the Day: philopatric, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alacrity, n. 
How has the meaning of 'precarious' changed since it first entered the English language? 
'Mogigraphia' is an obsolete word meaning 'writer's cramp'
"OED Word of the Day: alacrity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alliaceous, adj. Would you know to describe an animal which has had twins as ditokous?  via Latest news: words from the First World War  "We do have an entry for 'unlosable', which shows the word in use since at least 1647."
"OED Word of the Day: alliaceous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: alley-oop, int., adv., n., and adj. 
They can't really be singing that, can they? What is your favourite misheard lyric, or mondegreen? 
"This sense is found at 'toast, v.2', and is recorded in use since at least 1699."
A leap performed by a springbok or other antelope is known as a 'pronk' (derived from Afrikaans).
"Hello, thanks for getting in touch. The OED is available to purchase here: 
It's our earliest recorded example of 'toast' used in this sense. Link free for 3 days: 
"If you have any evidence, we'd love to hear from you! You can contribute to the here:  We discuss this at length in the -ster entry. This link allows free access to this page for three days: 
"OED Word of the Day: alley-oop, int., adv., n., and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: acclivity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: puckster, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: piste, n.2  The zoological term for the hairless moist area at the tip of the nose in many mammals is 'rhinarium'.
Was the term 'shell shock' in use at the front in 1914? Can you help us find evidence?  "James Murray, the first Editor of the OED, was born in 1837:  
Where did that word come from? A 
We do not currently have an entry for 'cronut'. More on our inclusion policy: 
"OED Word of the Day: piste, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pigeon's milk, n. 
Was conchie (conchy/conshy) used before 1917 to describe a conscientious objector?  Why did OED contributor J.R.R. Tolkien use archaic language? 
Was the term 'Eyetie' first used in We're looking for written evidence:  "Alternatively, you might like to try  (" is a subscription site, but many public, university, and institutional libraries offer access."
"That's right, the etymology section of the OED entry notes that 'brouhaha' originated in French."
"OED Word of the Day: pigeon's milk, n. 
Can you help us find pre-1919 examples of U.S. slang term 'Sam Browne'?  "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: aroha, n. 
"A 'brouhaha' is defined as a  commotion, a to-do, a 'sensation'; hubbub, uproar."
Zeppelins in a cloud: 'sausage and mash'. We think the phrase has origins. Can you help prove it? Bickering and bitching  How are the two words related? Most read on the blog: which words originated in your birth year? Today's best find: supervacaneous (Now rare) Unnecessarily/ pointlessly added over and above what is essential, superfluo…
"OED Word of the Day: aroha, n. 
"Did you know that the words 'peace', 'war', 'just', and 'very' are loanwords from French? 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nudiustertian, adj. 
It's worth checking with your local library to see if they offer free remote access: 
"Philip Durkin, OED deputy chief editor: is English now lending more words than it's taking?  The Oxford English Dictionary was selected as this week's 'Interesting Object' by 
"Thanks, we've passed this on to our editorial team."
"Our Word of the Day is free for three days. If you are having difficulty, please contact oed.ukwith details."
Does English still borrow words from other languages? 
"OED Word of the Day: nudiustertian, adj. 
"In case you missed it earlier (or yesterday): OED Word of the Day: repetend, adj.  Discophorous is a rare adjective which can mean 'relating to or characteristic of jellyfishes'.
"We welcome antedating evidence; for more information on how to contribute to the OED, please see: 
We don't have an entry for koumpounophobia at present. More information on our inclusion policy: 
Do you have an earlier record of the words our editors are currently researching?  "[2/2] ... oed.ukso we can get more details and fix this for you."
"[1/2] The comments are moderated so may take a short while to appear. If there's another problem, do send details to..."
"For information on OED subscriptions, please select your region here: 
"Brilliant, thank you. We appreciate your tweets and retweets, helping us to spread the word."
That's a great idea, please could you let our editors know using the page? 
"Apologies for the typo. The Groundhog-Day-inspired word of the day is repetend, adj.: 
"Apologies for the typo. The Groundhog-Day-inspired word of the day is repetend, adj.: 
"That would be fantastic, thank you! "OED Word of the Day: repetend, adj. 
The OED needs you: do you have an earlier record of the words our editors are currently researching?  "OED Word of the Day: ramage, adj. 
Thought you had a big vocabulary? Think again  w/ "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: philhippic, adj. 
"The word is derived from Latin campania, first used to describe the level open countryside around Rome 
Trench foot/mouth: can you help us find written evidence of these terms from the early years?  Was conchie first used as an abbreviation of 'conscientious objector' by in 1917?  Many thanks, please do share your evidence on our site: 
'Like, OMG! When was 'OMG' first used? In a 1917 letter to Winston Churchill! More amazing word origins from ed: 
We're surprised that there are no pre-1930s uses of the verb 'tank' relating to military vehicles:  Video: OED Chief Editor Michael Proffitt discusses vocabulary size with 
"OED Word of the Day: philhippic, adj. 
TONIGHT: Keeping dictionaries relevant in the 21st century. Michael Proffitt, new chief editor. 7pm GMT on 
"'Barbigerous' is a synonym for 'bearded', currently dated to 1731."
"Yes, OUP does indeed publish an A-Z of Baby Names: 
"Nom nom isn't currently in the OED, but it is in our dictionary of current English: 
"Can you help us find examples of 'streetcar' meaning 'shell', perhaps in letters or diaries?  "OED Word of the Day: paysagist, n. 
Language lovers have helped the OED trace the history of words since 1857 [photos]:   "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: wordhoard, n. 
"8 words which share a birthday with the OED, from 'manicured' to 'morning-after': 
Can you find written evidence of the word 'demob' in use before 1919?  For those of you in the central south of England: OED's Peter Gilliver will be on this evening to mark our 130th anniversary.
Can you help us find evidence of the word 'jusqu'auboutiste' used in English before 1917?  OED birthday word generator: which words originated in your birth year? 
130th anniversary of the OED: listen again to BBC Radio Oxford with, OED's Peter Gilliver  [01:06:15]
We are always pleased to receive contributions to the OED. Find out how to get in touch here: 
"in 1884: the first instalment of the OED contained words from A to Ant, costing 12s.6d. 
The first instalment of the OED contained words from A to Ant! 
Many thanks, please do share your evidence on our site: 
Many thanks, please do share your comments on our site: 
Many thanks, please do share your comments on our site: 
Many thanks, please do share your comments on our site: 
Many thanks!
"We're celebrating our 130th anniversary! in 1884, the first instalment of the Oxford English Dictionary was published."
"OED Word of the Day: wordhoard, n. 
Can you help us find written evidence of the word 'shell shock' before 1915?  "Was 'camouflage' used in English before 1916, perhaps in records?  Do you have an earlier record of the words our editors are currently researching?  Find out how the OED is commemorating the centenary of the First World War... Thanks to George Herbert, for introducing me to the wonderful word 'snudge': 'to remain snug and quiet, to nestle.'
A lower-case or upper-case initial can be used for the verb.
"OED Word of the Day: pern, v. 
"5 words that are older than you think: unlike, flash mob, weapons of mass destruction, innit, and hipster 
"'Mycophobia' is a suspicion of or reluctance to eat mushrooms, toadstools, or other fungi."
"OED Word of the Day: rus in urbe, phr. 
"OED Word of the Day: Oz, n.2 and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nippy sweetie, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: looder, v. 
"The adjective 'autoschediastic' means 'written, composed, etc., on the spur of the moment; extemporized, hastily improvised.'"
"'Pow!' has been used to represent the sound of a blow, punch, shot, etc. since 1580."
Supellecticarious is a rare word meaning 'of or relating to household furniture'.
"OED Word of the Day: looder, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: me-too, n. and adj. 
'Metopomancy' is divination by the (lines on the) forehead or face.
Did you know that in medieval English 'kilt' was a verb meaning 'to tuck up the skirt around the body'? 
"OED Word of the Day: me-too, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Walker, int. (and n.2) 
"""Similarly to the way the language changes, its uses change."" - Chief Editor Michael Proffitt in 
OED birthday word generator: which words originated in your birth year? 
"Rumgumptious: strong-willed, headstrong; quarrelsome. In English regional and Scottish use since at least 1781."
"Language by the book, but the book Is evolving: Michael Proffitt, new Chief Editor of the OED, in  
"OED Word of the Day: Walker, int. (and n.2) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quass, v. 
Are you a crossword enthusiast? A cruciverbalist is a person who compiles or solves puzzles.
"Cucumiform means 'of the shape of a cucumber'. Cuculliform, on the other hand, means 'cowl-shaped, hood-shaped'."
What is the Historical Thesaurus of the OED? 
Thanks for your feedback, we'll pass it on. Details of existing Oxford Dictionary apps are here: 
"OED Word of the Day: quass, v. 
Nappy valley: an area inhabited by large numbers of families with children. The term originated in New Zealand: 
Martin Luther King, Jr., Rhetorically Speaking  "Olivaceous, adj.: fo a dusky green colour with a tinge of yellow (like the unripe fruit of the olive); olive-green."
"Heartbound, adj.: having the heart entirely devoted (to a person or thing); emotionally in thrall to. Now archaic/poetic."
"We would need a rather large wall; there are approximately 619,000 words in the OED online at present!"
Here's how we choose the OED Word of the Day: 
"OED Word of the Day: feel-bad, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: supercherie, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: placeman, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perfunctory, adj. 
"Bear-hug: a tight, powerful, enveloping embrace as a hearty expression of affection/greeting or as means of restraint. Earliest ex.: 1846"
"The long and tangled history of 'crib' meaning 'home', via  h/t 5 (more) words that are older than you think  via "OED Word of the Day: perfunctory, adj. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: linguipotence, n. 
Squattez-vous: an imperative slang term meaning 'sit down!' after French 'asseyez-vous'. Rudyard Kipling provides our earliest ex.
Walking dictionary: a person who has great stores of knowledge at his or her command. Our earliest recorded example is from 1609.
Pugnozzle: Of the upper lip and nostrils: to move up and down in the manner of a pug dog. Samuel Beckett provides our earliest example.
"OED Word of the Day: linguipotence, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: agerasia, n. 
Do you have an earlier record of a word which our editors are currently researching? 
Spanghew: to throw or jerk violently, specifically to cause (a toad or frog) to fly into the air.
The language of cooking: from 'Forme of Cury' to 'Pukka Tucker'  via "OED Word of the Day: agerasia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: putto, n. 
The chiefly poetic word 'ombrifuge' means 'something providing shelter from the rain, specifically an umbrella.'
"An 'oligosyllable' is a word of few syllables, specifically one having fewer than four syllables."
'Musophobist' is a now-obsolete word meaning 'a person who dislikes or mistrusts poetry'. "OED Word of the Day: putto, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: roucoulement, n. 
What is the origin of the word 'beauty'? 
"Historical synonyms for 'lively' include jolly, frisky, sprightly, great-stomached, vivacious, animated, peppy,; zappy."
Something made of pliable twigs or wickerwork can be said to be 'vimineous'.
"Thank you, we welcome contributions to the OED. You can submit evidence here: 
In order of first use. You can find more information here: 
"Yes, we do not mark these words as 'rare' or 'obsolete' in our entries."
"OED Word of the Day: roucoulement, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: OMG, int., (n.), and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pylon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nugacity, n. 
OED birthday word generator: which words originated in your birth year? 
Have you seen Find out how to search for a personal birthday word if you have OED access: 
Crossed messages! See the entry for our earliest recorded example.
"This link will allow free access to the OED Online entry yuzu, n. for the next three days: 
It was added to the OED in 2006. Our earliest recorded example in English is from 1910.
Nuncheon: a drink taken in the afternoon, a light refreshment between meals, a snack. (Now archaic, in Eng. regional use.)
Our earliest ex. of 'nunchuck' is from 1971. It's a shortening of nunchaku: a Japanese weapon of two hardwood sticks joined by a strap.
"OED Word of the Day: nugacity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: plugola, n. 
Epeolatry is defined as 'the worship of words'. A 'nostrum-monger' is a dealer in or supplier of quack remedies or patent medicines.
"""I am so from the streets"": a day in the life of an OED researcher 
"Yes, our definition reads: ""The fact or condition of being voiceless (in various senses)."""
"OED Word of the Day: plugola, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: cultrirostral, adj. 
"'Rain dog' is a term for a small part of a rainbow, the rest being invisible. Mark Twain provides our earliest recorded example (1866)."
James Joyce's 'A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man' (1916) provides our earliest recorded example of the adjective 'rain-fragrant'.
'Rain-pearl' is a rare poetic word for a raindrop. Our earliest recorded example dates from 1865.
"The past tense form in British English is 'dived', but 'dove' is also used in the US."
"OED Word of the Day: cultrirostral, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nun, v. 
Pandiculation is a now-rare medical word for the act of stretching as a manifestation of weariness. It can also mean 'yawning'.
'Mogigraphia' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'writer's cramp'. "Yes, we have examples of the word 'preparedness' in use since 1590."
'Tragematopolist' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'a seller of sweets'.
"OED Word of the Day: nun, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: agathism, n. 
What the Romans did for us: English words of Latin origin  via You might like this blog post on the language of Downton Abbey: 
Our earliest recorded example in literal use is from 1907. Figurative use of the phrase dates from 1946.
Our earliest recorded example of the noun 'refund' is from 1711. The verb (in the repayment sense) dates from 1409.
"In case you haven't yet resolved the family rift, we do have an entry for 'restater':  (free for 3 days)"
We welcome visits to the Oxford University Press museum. More information on how to book a visit: 
VIDEO: how and why new words are added to the Oxford English Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Day: agathism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nullifidian, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pellicle, n. 
The current first known usage of 'January sale' is from 1865
The results of the OED Appeal on Earl Grey tea  "OED Word of the Day: cultellation, n. 
The first usage of 'New Year's resolution' in the OED is from 1850,,,,From the blog archive: we take a look at some Holmesian language  OED birthday word generator: which words originated in your birth year?  "OED Word of the Day: techne, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: handsel, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: non se ipse, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: ortanique, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Pooh Bah, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mundivagant, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: mud-honey, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: porraceous, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pulka, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: fairy light, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: baby cake, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: abligurition, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: wirrwarr, n. 
That's it from us at now until January. Season's greetings to you all from the Oxford English Dictionary team.
"The OED's earliest citation of 'Christmas present' is currently found in Samuel Pepy's Diary, in an entry dated 23 Feb. 1663."
Former OED Chief Editor John Simpson is to appear on tonight! 
The Oxford English Dictionary's earliest citation of 'Father Christmas' is currently from 1658. 
"'Mincemeaty' is a rare adjective meaning 'fragmentary, jumbled'. Our earliest recorded example of the word is from 1870."
"OED Word of the Day: arabesque, n. and adj. 
Our earliest citation of the festive mincemeat-filled 'mince pie' is from 1604. The savoury meat-filled mince pie dates from at least 1573.
"The good, the bad, and the temporary: words of 2013 in review  via Where do the words 'frankincense' and 'myrrh' come from? Via 
"OED Word of the Day: savate, n. 
Looking for a perfect gift for the wordsmith in your life? Festive offers on the Oxford English Dictionary Online: 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pasticcio, n. 
"Here we come a'wassailing, and other unusual words in five famous Christmas songs  via "From jumbles to gingersnaps: the origins of cookie names, via "OED Word of the Day: pasticcio, n. 
Give the gift of language this holiday season with the definitive record of the English language: 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nastygram, n. 
From the archive: why the first editor of the OED didn't bank on Christmas holidays... 
"Looking for a synonym for 'dust-coloured'? Try 'pulveratricious', recorded in rare use since at least 1688."
The generator can be used by all non-subscribers. Click on your birth decade/year: 
can be used by non-subscribers. Click on birth decade/year: 
The generator can be used by all non-subscribers. Click on your birth decade and year: 
The first recorded use of the word 'tango' in the OED suggests that it was initially thought of as a 'vulgar' dance: 
"OED Word of the Day: nastygram, n. 
generator: which words originated in your birth year? 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: supererogation, n. 
"'Singultus' is another word for hiccups or hiccupping. It can also mean 'a sob', as used by Lord Byron in Don Juan."
"Mubble fubbles: a state of depression or melancholy; despondency, low spirits, e.g. ""She was in the mubble fubbles."" Now obsolete."
The noun 'nipcheese' is both a nautical slang term for a ship's purser and a word for 'a mean or miserly person'.
"Thanks, we welcome earlier evidence. You can contribute to the OED here: 
"OED Word of the Day: supererogation, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ice bird, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosumer, n.1 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: docutainment n. 
"Festive e-cards for the wordsmiths in your life, via 
What's new in the latest 
"The December includes over 500 new words, phrases,; senses,; more than 1000 newly revised entries: 
December twists in the tale of fairy and the history of beauty 
generator: which words originated in your birth year? 
From 'nappy valley' to 'emoji': the December 
OED Word of the Day: docutainment n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: natation, n. 
The OED's quotations documenting the usage of 'Ms' date back to 1901: 
'Aspectabund' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'expressive in face'.
"That's right, it's our earliest recorded example of the word in use."
"OED Word of the Day: natation, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Mephistopheles, n. 
Jazzetry: the reading aloud of poetry to a jazz accompaniment. Earliest recorded example: 1959.
"Beam me up, dictionary: in the OED  via The longest single-word palindrome in the OED is 'tattarrattat'. palindrome competition: 
"Guerrilla can also be spelled guerilla, with a single r; both are correct. It is in the OED; 
"OED Word of the Day: Mephistopheles, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: olive branch, n. 
A 'lipogram' is a composition from which the writer rejects all words that contain a certain letter or letters. 'Linguipotence' is the mastery of language or languages. S.T. Coleridge provides our earliest recorded example a1834.
"OED Word of the Day: olive branch, n. "In case you missed it: Word of the Day: audile, n. and adj. 
"'Unray': to divest of clothes; to undress, strip. This verb dates back to at least 1485."
Our earliest recorded example of 'wassup' ('What's up?' 'What is happening?' 'What is the matter?') is from 1902.
"Word of the Day: audile, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: Word of the Day: Moomin, n. 
Can you help us find earlier evidence of the slang term 'backwash'?  'Your dictionary needs you': a brief history of the OED's appeals to the public  What is the history of the Oxford English Dictionary? 
"Word of the Day: Moomin, n. 
'nullibiety' is the state or condition of existing nowhere, non-existence.
"OED Word of the Day: galactagogue, adj. and n. 
'Nudiustertian' is an adjective meaning 'of or related to the day before yesterday'.
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: Ookpik, n. 
"Robert Burns' letters provide our earliest example of 'Decemberish' (characteristic of December; esp. cold, dark, or dreary)."
When did mistletoe first smile on a smooch?  via An 'ophiolater' is a person who worships serpents. Our earliest recorded example in English is from 1895.
"OED Word of the Day: Ookpik, n. 
"'Ramfeezled' means 'worn out, exhausted; confused, muddled'."
"OED Word of the Day: pavonine, adj. and n. 
A 'noceur' is 'a reveller, a person who stays up late at night'
"OED Word of the Day: agnification, n. 
Words stories: dog 
"In case you missed it earlier...OED Word of the Day: Paul Pry, n. 
"'superpub', meaning a very large pub, is first cited in the OED in 1964 from8 words you need to know to survive The Hunger Games. May the odds be ever in your favour! 
"'switcheroo', meaning a change or reversal, often intended to surprise or deceive, is first cited in the OED in 1933."
"OED Word of the Day: Paul Pry, n. 
'Twitter-light' is a rare term for 'twilight'
Word stories: precarious 
"OED Word of the Day: paean, n. 
"A 'pococurante' is 'a careless, indifferent, or nonchalant person' from the Italian 'poco curante' meaning 'caring little'"
"We haven't implemented these schemes at present, though we're always happy to consider new features for future releases."
Our new app, Oxford Dictionaries Quick Search, is available for free for iOS  and Android..."
The current earliest known usage of 'mobile phone' is from 1945.
Our entry for 'basso' has not yet been fully updated. For information on revising the OED: 
"OED Word of the Day: langue de chat, n. 
What does the OED's entry for the word 'mammoth' tell us about the development of the word in English? Which words originated around the time of the 'First Thanksgiving' in 1621?  "'Humdinger', meaning a remarkable or outstanding person or thing, is currently first cited in the OED in 1905."
"OED Word of the Day: rubricate, v. 
"Jiggery-pokery, meaning deceitful or dishonest behaviour, is first cited in the OED in 1893 and is likely a variant of Scots joukery-pawkery"
Thanks for highlighting the missing link. Here it is: 
This time with the link... Whovians may also be interested in this post from about the people behind 
"If you're a Whovian, you may also be interested in this post from about the people behind "With the 50th anniversary of still fresh in our minds, here's the OED entry for 'Dalek' 
"OED Word of the Day: octovirate, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: smellfungus, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Tardis, n. in 1819 George Eliot was born. From the blog: George Eliot and the 
"Four words have their own entry or sense in the OED: Tardis, Dalek, Cyberman,; the matrix. 
C. S. Lewis died 50 years ago He provides our earliest recorded example of the word 'poetolatry' 
in 1819 George Eliot was born. Middlemarch provides our earliest recorded example of the phrase 'what the hell'.
"OED Word of the Day: poetolatry, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: piquant, n. and adj. 
The adjective 'motatorious' refers to the constant vibratory motion of the legs of certain insects..goes behind the scenes at the Oxford English Dictionary: 
"OED Word of the Day: piquant, n. and adj. The year in words: 2013  by "Interview with John Simpson, former Chief Editor of the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: waulked, adj. "In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: imbongi, n. 
Revising 'potato salad' in the Oxford English Dictionary [VIDEO]: 
Do you have an earlier record of a word which our editors are currently researching? Find out more: So where did the word 'brave' come from?   "OED Word of the Day: imbongi, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: metoposcopy, n. 
The evolving role of the Oxford English Dictionary  via "OED Word of the Day: repine, v. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: pudsy, n. and adj.  We are always happy to receive antedating evidence. Find out how to contribute to the OED here: 
"'Party-hearty': fun-loving; eager to drink, socialize, dance, etc., esp. unrestrainedly or frequently; encouraging such behaviour."
"1922, although this entry has not yet been fully updated. More information on revising the OED: 
"Our earliest recorded example of 'party-crasher': ""Swanky Mayfair in horror over party crashers"" - 24 May 1928."
Apologies if you experienced issues accessing the site, there are no known problems at this end. Do let us know if this persists.
"Our earliest recorded example of party pooper (a person who spoils the social enjoyment of others, typically by being gloomy) is from 1947."
"OED Word of the Day: pudsy, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: handel, v. 
'Ranterpike' can also refer to a type of three-masted sailing ship formerly used for industrial transport between Liverpool and Glasgow.
'Ranterpike' is recorded in the OED as an English regional term (Dorset, Isle of Wight) for a donkey or an ass.
'Rantipole' can also be used to mean a see-saw (chiefly north Eng. regional) and a type of wild carrot (south Eng. regional).
"A rantipole is 'a wild, ill-behaved, boisterous, or disorderly man or woman; a roisterer, a rogue; a rake; a minx'."
You can find more information about how a word qualifies for inclusion in the OED here: 
An amazing edible version of the Oxford English Dictionary:  "OED Word of the Day: handel, v. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: queen's cushion, n. Why did Tolkien use archaic language? 
"Historical synonyms for 'perplexed' include whaped, bewildered, misted, puzzled, turbid, pixie-led,; confusticated. You can find more information about contributing to the OED here: 
A quidnunc is a person who constantly asks: 'What now?', an inquisitive or nosy person, a gossip. (From classical Latin.)
"OED Word of the Day: queen's cushion, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: quill-driver, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quill-driver, n.  Yowzer! Our earliest recorded example of this exclamation of enthusiastic approval or affirmation is from a 1932 edition of 'Papilionaceous' can be used figuratively to mean 'suggestive of a butterfly, showy, frivolous, capricious, erratic'.
Pogonotrophy is 'the cultivation or growing of a beard'.
MT According to the 'Humpty Dumpty' was 1st used in the 17th c, referred to brandy boiled with ale.
"OED Word of the Day: quill-driver, n.  "In case you missed it earlier... Word of the Day: parasomnia, n. 
A special cake edition of the Oxford English Dictionary to mark our former Chief Editor's recent retirement: 
Which dictionary entry did former Chief Editor John Simpson most enjoy working on? 
"Historical synonyms for 'heartbroken' include heartsore, heartsick, heartstruck, and bosom-stricken."
You can find our CD-ROM editions here: 
Have you tried OED Online  [subscription] or Oxford Dictionaries Online  [free]?
"Word of the Day: parasomnia, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: gam, n. 
"Historical synonyms for 'excessive drinking' include bolling, boozing, carousing, swinking, bibbership, muzzling, and tanking.",,,,This 1925 silent film about the creation of the Oxford English Dictionary is wonderful--VIDEO: 
"Bafflegab, noun: official or professional jargon which confuses more than it clarifies; gobbledegook."
We do indeed! We have evidence dating back to the thirteenth century.
Slonk is a now-obsolete verb meaning 'to swallow greedily'.
"OED Word of the Day: gam, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: terricolous, adj. 
Video clip: printing the Oxford English Dictionary in 1925  via Our earliest recorded example of the term 'midnight feast' is from 1734 in a poem by Mary Chandler about Bath.
"Mesonoxian is a now-obsolete adjective meaning 'of or relating to midnight', e.g. 'a delicious mesonoxian feast.'"
"OED Word of the Day: terricolous, adj. 
tweet_text
Sort your dashes from your dots with 6 punctuation marks you might be misusing:  
What are the hidden language stories behind the days of the week?  
Quiz yourself: which authors coined these words?  
Word of the Day: tribrach - a metrical foot of three unstressed syllables…... 
of the Week 
"On explore H. P. Lovecraft and the Northern Gothic Tongue:  
"If you're puzzled by rugby's bewildering jargon, this guide is here to help:  
Omnichannel? We take a look at some business jargon that has entered the mainstream:  
Word of the Day: symphysis - the process of growing together... 
In which language do you sow the wind and reap the storm?  
"Sheepish, sluggish, or waspish? We take a gander at animal adjectives:  
55 words ending in 'ster' you didn't know you needed to know:  
"Water under the bridge, a bridge too far, and other 'bridge' expressions:  
Word of the Day: contradance - a type of country dance…... 
An historic or a historic? Our video investigates the issue:  
"Imogen Foxell illustrates today's Word of the Day, makiwara. See more of her work:  
Challenge yourself and see if you can fill the gaps in these ten book titles with numbers:  "It's so let's have a look at some wacky words of measurement:  
Was a parting shot once a real bullet?  
"Confessions of a pedant, with a detour for the word 'taxi':  
Word of the Day: agrestal - growing wild in cultivated fields... 
Learn about the fascinating stories behind some of the most famous quotations:  
"How did bread, cheese, and dough come to mean money?  
How many words are there in the English language?  
How easy is it to spell well? We investigate:  
"Some homonyms look entirely unrelated, but we've unearthed some hidden connections…  
Word of the Day: movant - a person applying to a court or judge…... 
How has 'nice' changed over time - and is it a forbidden word?  
"What are portmanteau words, and how are they different from compounds?  Opinion: you cannot understand a country without mastering its tongue. Here are some tips 
"You're in luck, Conner!  Why Some People Call Rock-Paper-Scissors Roshambo "Quid is often used informally to mean a British pound, but where did we get the word?  Do languages die suddenly or fade slowly from lack of use?  
Can we figure out the origin of the word ""cub""? 
Where does 'mind your Ps and Qs' come from?  
'Mischievous' or 'mischievious': do you always get it right?  
Do you know the origin of the word 'twerk'?  
How well do you know the last lines of classic novels?  "Even if you've never been, you've probably heard all these New York City words before:  
Challenge the status quo and look at English words of Latin origin:  
Thank you! We have updated accordingly.
An A-Z of country name origins: find out what the name of your country means.  
We opt for 'breathtaking' in our dictionary entry:  - Thanks for your question!
"Fnarr fnarr, and other onomatopoeic entries in Oxford Dictionaries:  No it isn't. As long as this joke keeps running. “Bison”: a word nearly driven to extinction  
Here's more info on how words get added to our dictionaries:  
"If enough people start using their names that way, we would... so hit it for six! (Did we cricket right?) 
GREAT ARTICLE. We're looking forward to finding out more about SHOUTY CAPS in part 2! 
"Smeigh, solert, or ept? Here are some historical synonyms for 'clever':  
Elicit or illicit? Make sure you know the difference:  
"What is a double negative, and is it OK to use them?  
Word of the Day: Sophy - a former title for the ruler of Persia…... 
Alot or a lot? Along or a long? We explore when to split and when not to split:  
How much do you really know about where your vocabulary comes from? Take the quiz:  
Singapore English in the can you help us find earlier evidence of 'shiok' and 'sabo'?  
Find out how the various vegetables got their names:  Do you speak Singlish?  
"They are just known as 'muffins' in England, Jeff. They're delicious anywhere.  
Word of the Day: Monsignor - the title of various senior Roman Catholic posts…... 
of the Week 
Biscuit or cookie? A transatlantic debate:  
Explore the lexical innovation in Philippine English:  
Word of the Day: hendecagon - a plane figure with eleven straight sides…... 
Something to chew on while watching Europe's funny food names.  
Get ready for tonight's by learning how to say 'song' in other languages:  
Get creative with your insults! Here are 12 ways to call someone a fool:  
Word of the Day: cate - a choice food, a delicacy... 
Take this quiz to see whether you can match the film with the book:  You asked an editor… and here are the answers!  Political watchers are wondering if will pivot. Etymologists are wondering where the word “pivot” comes from: 
Test your knowledge of the language of comic books:  
Go bananas for the origin of 'banana':  
Get to grips with these 10 tricky pronunciations:  
Why do we love to give people and places nicknames?  
Word of the Day: ta-da - an imitation of a fanfare…... 
Test your knowledge of Canadian English:  
Habla usted Spanglish? We explore this hybrid language:  
The Swiss Amish dialect stands apart, both from the non-Amish world and even from other Amish communities 
"On learn about the man who popularized the limerick: Edward Lear.  The best age to learn a second language 
Word of the Day: navaid - a navigational device in an aircraft or ship…... 
How did football teams get their names? investigates:  
How well do you know literary pseudonyms? Take our quiz and let us know how you did!  
How should you pluralize 'sister-in-law'?  
Funny food: translating Europe's unusual food names.  
Which word unites cricket and politics?  
Evidence can be any verifiable record of a word being used. We explain this in more detail here: 
You might find this blog post about the difference between 'who' and 'whom' helpful: 
Word of the Day: mustachios - a long or elaborate moustache... 
"You probably know the odd piece of musical terminology, but these terms might be new to you:  
What do Alanis Morissette and Ice Cube have in common? They're both quoted in the  
How did English become a global language? 
The needs your help! Can you find earlier evidence of the term 'crap hat'?  "What's a dangling participle, and how can you avoid them?  
Hi Liam - 'echt' is a German loanword which has been borrowed by English. Thanks for your question! 
Word of the Day: echt - authentic and typical... Explore the history of English from the Anglo-Saxons to the Scandinavian settlements: 
"Imogen Foxell illustrates today's Word of the Day, cryptarchy. See more of her work:  
.is reading the entire Canadian Oxford Dictionary:  
"Discover 5 language facts about the European Union:  
Happy 
"If you win bar snacks with that knowledge, we want to go halves. Sound OK?"
Word of the Day: skald - an ancient Scandinavian composer and reciter of poems…... 
of the Week 
Find out which Roald Dahl character you are:  
Are there any rules when it comes to calling a country 'motherland' or 'fatherland'?  
Word of the Day: amorist - a person in love or writing about love…... 
Like pub quizzes? Here are 8 word facts to help you win:  
Mmm… delicious. 12 word facts about cake:  
"Chips, fries, or crisps? Chip away at the differences between British and American English:  
Word of the Day: portobello - a large mushroom with an open flat cap…... 
"Food named after people, from lamingtons to sandwiches:  
Is it really wrong to use 'literally' in a non-literal contexts?  
Who? Whom? We'll help you make sure you always get it right:  No better way to get that than with and a Tom Collins  htt…
5 surprising origins of common bird names:  
"Sweets, sugar, and other delicious expressions:  
Word of the Day: tmesis - the separation of parts of a compound word…... 
How long do slang words last for? We explore the lifespan of slang…  
Guest blogger David Norman takes us through the naming of dinosaurs:  
"On a look at Tex-Mex language in English:  Is there something you've always wanted to know about words? Ask away with 
'Dumpster fire' has recently been added to  Find out what it means:  
"How do left, right, north, and south differ from language to language?  
Who'd have thought that 'ovenable' was found as far back as the 1970s? 
Word of the Day: ulu - an Eskimo woman's short-handled knife…... 
"Can you tell whether these quotes are from Star Wars, Star Trek, or Battlestar Galactica?  
"Calm down, dear: how to avoid hyperbole in writing.  
"Today's Word of the Day, illustrated by Imogen Foxell. See more of her work:  
Which way are you going? That's what it comes down to in our video on the difference between bring and take: 
Human language is flexible; efficient, but there are still things that words can't express:  
guest author Michael Adams looks at catchphrases from Star Wars.  Do you have a question about the Tweet your questions with before 10 May and look out for answers next week.
Word of the Day: ventouse - a cup-shaped suction device used in assisting childbirth…... 
"In Japan, kotodama is the spirit of language: where does it come from and how does it work?  
"Dust, fast, and bound are examples of contronyms: what does this mean?  
"Thanks to 'monkey parade' is trending in our site searches: what does it mean?  
Feeling the Bern: on the art of the political catchphrase.  
Hello sailor! Take a look at some invisible nautical terms:  
"'Mic drop' is trending on  and we think we know why... Don't miss your chance to nominate your favourite sites for the Top Language Lovers 2016!   Word of the Day: kakemono - a Japanese unframed painting made on paper…... 
Word of the Day: dissensus - widespread dissent... 
of the Week 
Quiz: how well do you know sweets around the world?  
Discover the lost linguistic world of Polari:  
Word of the Day: clade - a group of organisms with a common ancestor…... 
"On find out how jazz musicians ended up with all those nicknames:  
The language of A. A. Milne is more than just heffalumps and woozles:  
Word of the Day: haplography - the inadvertent omission of a repeated letter…... 
"From muggle to whizzpopper, discover invented words in children's literature:  
The rise of global English:  
"From sexting to troll, we found some unexpected words in Garner's Dictionary of Legal Usage:  
Thanks!
"Stripes aside, zebras look a lot like horses - but are they actually?  
Explore a list of dances from the this  
Word of the Day: chimichanga - a deep-fried tortilla with a savoury filling…... 
Should you treat collective nouns as singular or plural?  
All quotations seem to be from Shakespeare or the Bible: can you disentangle the two?  
6 English phrases with 'run' you probably don't know:  
Kekeke and qha-qha: here's how to laugh in 8 other languages.  
""I want something rooted and preserved in time"" - on learning the Igbo language  h…"
Word of the Day: lobule - a small lobe... 
But is it OK to start a sentence with a conjunction?  
"This we explore South Africa's move towards democracy in the words of the time:  
"is often misspelled. On learn how to get it right:  
"Today's Word of the Day, bioastronautics, illustrated by Imogen Foxell:  
Coq-au-vin, or love in a lorry: the genius of Victoria Wood
on the Mind your language…"
Confused about the differences between British and American spelling? Our video will help:  Scotland is trying to preserve its Celtic language. Initial signs are promising  
Word of the Day: Liebchen - a person who is very dear to another…... 
An introduction to the confusing world of acronyms and initialisms:  
Dog-lovers unite: we look at the many manifestations of the word 'dog'.  
"Menacing, intimidating, and threatening: an exploration of three similar words.  
8 common names that were invented by authors:  
Why do certain English words fall out of fashion? We explore…  Purple's etymological reign  
Word of the Day: Trustafarian - a rich young person with a bohemian lifestyle…... 
Sort your dashes from your dots with 6 punctuation marks you might be misusing:  
Rediscovering words from the Great War:  
The question you've always asked… which punctuation mark ARE you?  Wait … is that a rule? Ten everyday grammar mistakes you might be making 
Spoiler alert: this quiz will test how well you remember the last lines in Shakespeare.  
Well done!
Find out how the penguin got its name on  
'hella' is marked as informal in the dictionary: 
Word of the Day: diagnosis - the identification of an illness by examining symptoms…... 
of the Week 
Quiz: how well do you know the language of beer?  
"Take a colourful look at the language of colour (including ducks, moles, and fleas):  
Word of the Day: motoric - relating to muscular movement... 
What has bread got to do with lords and ladies?  
Take this quiz to see how much you know about Shakespeare's language:  
"If you're a language learner, you might well have stumbled across these false friends:  
Word of the Day: bibliolater - a person who is passionately enthusiastic about books... 
"From Corgi to Shih-tzu, where do we get the names of dog breeds?  
Avoid awkward dinner dates with these 17 Italian pronunciations:  
Celebrate with these 6 'earth' expressions!  
8 tips you need before you start writing a book review:  
Word of the Day: feuilleton - a part of a newspaper devoted to fiction…... 
"'To have another thing coming', and other phrases that are the victims of mispronunciation:  8 unexpected origins of everyday phrases:  
'The glory of my crown': celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday with these royal quotations.  
You're welcome!,,How Certain English Words Were Misheard So Often That the Mistaken Version Became Correct  
"No, it turns out. 'Budget' comes from the Latin 'bulga', meaning 'leather bag', while 'budgeree' is from the Dharuk 'bujiri'."
Word of the Day: simpatico - a likeable person easy to get along with…... 
From Blockbuster to Tinseltown: the origins of filmic language.  
"Computers, dancing, and illness: the much-travelled word 'bug'.  
What's the dope on 'dope'?  Don't kill your language:  
"When it comes to pronunciation, there's always something to argue about:  
The emoji is the birth of a new type of language  via "In a nutshell, cutting the mustard, by the skin of your teeth: popular 
idioms explained.  
Good question! It leads us to the world of pluralia tantum (nouns that are always plurals):  
Word of the Day: acrophobia - extreme or irrational fear of heights... 
How brothers became buddies and bros:  
"We all grow up saying them, but what do nursery rhymes tell us about language?  
Here's the key to getting 'your' vs. 'you're' right:  
Do you know the names for male and female animals? Explore our list:  
To hyphenate or not to hyphenate? We've got the low-down:  
Word of the Day: diathesis - a tendency to suffer from a particular illness…... 
Tired of the word 'awesome'? Here are 18 words to use instead:  
Runny nose or rhinorrhea: how much do you actually know about the language of medicine?  
How old is LOL? Here are 5 words that are older than you think:  
"It's announcement day, but how do you say Pulitzer?  by 
How good is your New Zealand English? Take the quiz:  
"Is it different from, than, or to? Find out in our blog post:  
"We can answer that one,  (Spoilers: it is OK to split infinitives.)  "Word of the Day: torpefy - make (someone or something) numb, paralysed, or lifeless... 
of the Week 
Quiz: how well do you know Shakespeare's language?  
How do we talk about translation? Here are 5 ways:  
Word of the Day: cock-a-leekie - a Scottish soup made with chicken and leeks…... 
Stop monkeying around and read our blog post about monkeys in English idioms:  
Wait a moment! Here are 4 things to do before you start writing an essay:  
27 unusual origins of London tube stations' names:  
"Word of the Day: pulk - a sledge without runners, pulled by a person…... 
Grab yourself a cocktail and a flapper dress and discover 20 words from the 1920s:  
How to get 'can' and 'could' right:  
Alot or a lot? Along or a long? We explore when to split and when not to split:  
"With out today, explores Rudyard Kipling's linguistic legacy:  
"Oh, for sure. But the best is even better!  
Where did 'okey-dokey' come from? Our blog post has the answers:  
Scrumdifferous, grandificent, and flippercanorious: three words from a century ago that meant 'wonderful'. Happy Friday."
Word of the Day: exegesis - critical explanation or interpretation of scripture…... 
"If you speak English and Spanish, you might want to watch out for these false friends:  
What actually is a second cousin once removed? Find out:  
"How do you laugh, cry, and express disgust in languages around the world? Find out:  
How well do you know Shakespeare's language? Take our quiz:  
"It makes sense to us, Nate! (More info on why you might like the Oxford comma here:  
Word of the Day: muckamuck - a person of great importance or self-importance... 
"From Shakespeare to teddies, we look at bears and the English language:  
"How do left, right, north, and south differ from language to language?  
Looking at Scrabble from a logophile's point of view:  
"Today's Word of the Day, nagual, illustrated by Imogen Foxell:  
Thanks for the question! 'Chatbot' is the correct spelling: 
"We explore the rise of the word 'hot take', which has recently been added to the dictionary:  
""Language is about being able to see beyond cultural boundaries and find a shared humanity."" 
Word of the Day: twibill - a double-bladed battleaxe... 
Bon voyage! Learn how to say goodbye around the globe:  
Which 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland' character are you?  
"Are split infinitives wrong? Here are grammar myths you learned at school, debunked:  
Let's explore the Russian influence on the language of space this  
From umbeclap to smuggle: we look at old ways to say 'hug'  
I think we can all get a little hangry at times.  10 English words that are actually Dutch  18 English words that mean very different things in Britain and America  
'At some point' means 'at a time in the future'. Thanks for your question!
Word of the Day: swashbuckle - engage in daring and romantic adventures with bravado…... 
6 words you might well be mispronouncing:  
"Lost Generation, Beat Generation, Baby Boomers… where do we get these names?  
"Osculable, slonk, and 9 other amazing words we should all use more often:  
Dido? Achilles? Penelope? Find out which classical character you are:  “If used so many new how did anyone understand him?”  byJ.R.R. Tolkien's guide to inventing a fantasy language 
"We've got 'irregardless' marked as 'informal' in  
Word of the Day: crunk - hip-hop music characterized by repeatedly shouted catchphrases…... 
of the Week 
Guest blogger Michael Erdman asks: is Arabic really a single language?  
Why is Bob your uncle? Why is Alex smart? We explain some name expressions:  
"Word of the Day: clandestine - kept secret or done secretively, especially because illicit... 
"From Bellini to Brandy Alexander, 9 drinks named after people:  
A murmuration of starlings? Who decides on the right collective noun for something?  
What does it mean to carry coals to Newcastle? We explore some place name expressions:  
Word of the Day: guttate - resembling drops, having drop-like markings... 
Do you know what Mrs and Ms are short for? Our blog post explains all:  
Take a dip into the Dictionary of American Regional English for some unusual terms:  
Explore the role the words 'nonapology' and 'apology tour' play in US politics today:  
Quiz: can you beat a primary school pupil at a grammar test?  
Before you put pen to paper - here are 10 tips on how to improve your writing:  
Word of the Day: matrifocal - a society or culture where mothers head families…... 
Here are 9 awkward mistakes your spellchecker may not catch:  
In which language do you sow the wind and reap the storm?  English poet William Wordsworth was born on this day in 1770.  Linguists Find Fascinating Quirk in How Amazonian Language Expresses Time  
"On learn how to pronounce these tricky medical terms correctly:  
Explore the peculiar history of cows in the  
Word of the Day: S-Bahn - (in some German cities) a fast urban railway... 
Did you know that a baby eel is an elver? Find out the names of other baby animals:  
How well do you know the last lines of classic novels?  
Do you know the longest word cited in the dictionary?  Word of the Day: meronym - a part of something referring to the whole…... 
What is the Oxford comma and when should you use it? Our video explains:  
6 punctuation marks you might be using incorrectly:  
Just added to  mutton busting  
"Curiosity might have killed the cat, but you'll be fine reading about cat idioms:  
The will no longer capitalize Internet. Here's our take on the issue:  
"Pancakes, eggs, and effigies: explore the language of springtime in Russia  
Word of the Day: keeshond - a Dutch dog breed with long grey hair…... 
"From Corgi to Shih-tzu, where do we get the names of dog breeds?  
Why isn't 'sheeps' the plural of 'sheep'… and what about minotaurs?  
What's the difference between 'will' and 'shall'?  
One for book lovers! Can you complete the book titles in our  
How much do you really know about where your vocabulary comes from? Take the quiz:  5 perspectives on the future of language 
Word of the Day: parclose - a screen or railing enclosing a tomb…... 
Quack quack or cocorico? What animals say around Europe:  
of the Week 
Love books? Then you'll also love 10 words for bibliophiles:  
Should you treat collective nouns as singular or plural?  Does 'ostracize' have anything to do with ostriches?  
"Smeigh, solert, or ept? Here are some historical synonyms for 'clever':  
Be careful what you say… did you know that these 9 terms had offensive origins?  
"On test your knowledge of classic children's literature:  
Word of the Day: gyrate - move rapidly in a circle or spiral…... 
We want to hear how it goes down. Hope it isn't "'Obamacar' is one of the new words added to  but what does it mean?  
"'Social fleedia' is among the new words added to Oxford Dictionaries, but what does it mean?  
To Leo ('to achieve something after years of trying'): now added to   
From 'Obamacar' to 'social fleedia': new words in   
LOYO is one of the new words added to Oxford Dictionaries - but what does it mean?  
Word of the Day: passacaglia - a slow triple time composition…... Make sure you know the difference between 'lie' and 'lay':  
Do you know which book titles were borrowed from other books? Take the quiz:  
Confused about 'compliment' and 'complement'? Find out how to get it right:  
What is the Oxford comma and when should you use it? Our video explains:  
They: an exploration.  
Why do English swear words often sound German?  
"From Hollywoodize (1923) to Hollywood ending (1929), explore the lingo of La-la land (1979):  
Take our quiz on Janus words (and find out what they are!):  Celebrities who love Shakespeare without even knowing it  
Is it really wrong to use 'literally' in non-literal contexts?  
"The Eiffel Tower, and more!  
Do you know the origin of the word 'twerk'?  
How well do you know Australian English?  
"Ay, caramba! What has The Simpsons contributed to the English language?  
What impact did Virginia Woolf have on the English language?  
Horse idioms in English and other languages:  
Does learning a new language change your identity?  
"Shakespeare wrote about sex a LOT, but do you know which character said which quotation?  
What is the origin of the term 'scot free' and has it got anything to do with Scotland?  
How difficult is it really to learn a language as an adult?  
Love children's literature? Take our quiz and prove it!  
What do you call a fear of clouds?  
Word of the Day: shadoof - a pole with a bucket and counterpoise…... 
How did the teddy bear get its name?  
Alot or a lot? Along or a long? We explore when to split and when not to split.  
How good is your British English?  
Passed vs past: we have all you need to know  
Dive into the language of comics!  
Where did Lewis Carroll get the word 'mimsy' from?  
Some courtesy of the great Yogi Berra:  
The Beastie Boys are in the  
"What's a dangling participle, and how can you avoid them?   
That is very impressively Shakespearean!
The Great British Debate: how do YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
Astronomy vs astrology?  
Discover the language of  
"What is a double negative, and is it not never okay to use them?  
Challenge the status quo and look at English words of Latin origin  
Ever wondered how Shakespearean your writing is? Now you have the chance to find out:  
Investigate the inventive worlds of Edgar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft  
Discover which Hunger Games character you are...  
"If you can speak it there, you can speak it anywhere.  
Find out what kind of writer you are in our quiz:  
5 beautiful quotations from Virginia Woolf  
Can you complete these well-known phrases?  
Why doesn't the plural of sheep take an 's'?  
Less or fewer? Our blog post will clear up any confusion.  
"Pulp Fiction, Withnail; I, and other films quoted in the  
Word of the Day: humerus - the bone of the upper arm or forelimb…... 
Did you know that many of the spells in Harry Potter have Latin roots?  
"Must, should, and ought: get them sorted.  
'An old donkey doesn't learn languages' - but you can learn about Portuguese phrases.  
How do new elements get named?  
Learn about the innovative language of Lord Byron.  
Principal or principle? We can clear everything up.  
Why learning Chinese is not as difficult as you may think:  
Batman vs Superman: a lexical comparison by   via 
27 unusual origins of London tube stations' names:  
"What does 'decimate' actually mean? Pedants, beware.  
Why is English hard? We're putting some of the blame on all those words ending '-ough':  
"Pies, cakes, and words? All good things.  
Learn what 'crepuscular' and other unusual words mean:  
How good is your Indian English? Take our quiz and let us know:  
A tricky book quiz: can you identify the working titles of novels?  
Explore the in two minutes in our interactive feature  
But is it ok to start a sentence with a conjunction?  
Trees don't just give us books, they give us words and phrases.  
Fanboy: probably older than you realize.  
How do you use 'will' and 'shall' correctly in a sentence?  
Mischievous' or 'mischievious': do you always get it right?  
A little language analysis about Dolly Parton's lyrics.  
Darcy or Knightley? Find out which Austen hero you are.  
Potato or potatoe?  
Word of the Day: costate - ribbed, possessing a costa... 
Discover food idioms from around the world:  
Do you know the opening lines to famous poems?  
The low-down on 'okey-dokey'...  
"14 ways to hug, from 'clip' to 'plight':  
"What does it mean to 'stan', and what has it got to do with Our blog post explains:  
Slang terms used in period sitcom Blackadder are often surprisingly appropriate:  
How good is your American English? Test yourself and find out!  
"Enjoy some obsolete endearments, you flitter-mouse.  
Do you know what Mrs and Ms are short for?  
"You and anyway. Thanks, both!"
Why Shakespeare is an even better writer than you thought  
Sort your dashes from your dots with 6 punctuation marks you might be misusing:  
Here's why we think you should start learning Italian...  
Ever wanted to know which punctuation mark you are?  
'Ance' and 'ence' endings can be tricky: our blog post offers some tips.  
"Chips, fries, or crisps? We chip away at the differences between British; American English.  
What's the difference between 'may' and 'might'? We have the answers.  
Calm down! Here are 5 language arguments you can stop having.  
'A harmless drudge'?  
Definitely and defiantly are definitely not the same...  
Ever wondered how the months got their names?  
Mind yours Ps and Qs': where did this expression come from?  
Bored of 'awesome'? Here are 18 words to use instead:  
Enjoy an interview with Korean-American poet Rosanna Oh.  
Word of the Day: retiarius - an ancient Roman gladiator armed with a net…... 
What actually is a second cousin once removed? Find out…  
Throwback to Word of the Year 2013: the year of the  
"Curiosity might have killed the cat, but you'll be fine reading about cat idioms.  
"Pencil, walrus, or Fu Manchu: explore different names for moustaches:  
Which classic novel should you read next? Our quiz can tell you...  
"Since the plural of 'goose' is 'geese', why isn't 'meese' the plural of 'moose'? 
of the Week 
On Easter Sunday: can you sort Biblical quotations from Shakespearean quotations?  
"Rigger-jiggers, feathers, and crabs: the language of rowing:  
Are you saying 'bruschetta' correctly?  
Feeling friendly? Here's a map of the word 'friend' in various languages around the world.  
"In a nutshell, cutting the mustard by the skin of your teeth: popular idioms explained  
Runny nose or rhinorrhea: how much do you actually know about the language of medicine?  
"Alcohol, coffee, and other everyday English words from Arabic  
How did football teams get their names? investigates.  
Confused about 'effect' and 'affect'? This quick visual guide will help you out:  
"A.A. Milne wasn't just Winnie the Pooh, you know...  
"If you're tucking into a chocolate Easter egg today, this one's for you.  
Enjoy the swishwiffling language of Roald Dahl  
Lenten fast over? Here are some baking idioms you'll enjoy.  
"Last year, we took a stab at predicting the outcome of based on language analysis:  
How well do you know literary pseudonyms? Take our quiz and let us know how you did!  
Clear up any doubt about rein vs reign.  
What have we called teenagers over time?  
Word of the Day: Jacksonian - relating to or denoting a form of epilepsy…... 
Where did we get the word 'awkward'? And what does 'squirrel' actually mean?  
Who vs whom is a big debate: we can help you out.  
Feeling grateful? Here's how to say 'thank you' around the globe.  
Is it ok to end a sentence with a preposition?  
"Glasses, shenanigans, and other words that are always plurals. Also: cats!  
Biscuit' and 'cookie' - what's the difference between these two?  
How should you pluralize 'sister-in-law'?  
"Are split infinitives wrong? Here are grammar myths you learned at school, debunked:  
Test yourself on the last lines of classic novels:  
How is social media is influencing the language we use?  
5 words you didn't know were acronyms:  
Turn your words in speak with one simple click.  
Confused about  'affect' and 'effect'? Here's how to get it right:  
"Different from, different than, or different to?  
What's the difference between advise and advice?  
Did you know that a baby rabbit is called a 'kitten'?  
Dido? Achilles? Penelope? Find out which classical character you are.  
"Lizzie, Emma, or Lady Catherine? Find out which Jane Austen heroine you are.  
Imply and infer are often misused: here's how to get it right.  
Could you beat a 7 year old in a grammar test?  
"Their, there, and they're: make sure you've got them figured out.  
Book-lovers everywhere: see how well you know the names of literary characters…  
That vs which can be hazardous: our video has the answers.  
Word of the Day: sovkhoz - a state-owned farm in the former Soviet Union... 
We explore Martin Luther King's impressive rhetoric.  
About 'the real thing':  
How long did it used to take to compile dictionaries?  
"“I'll teach you how to stunt: My wrists stay rocked-up, My TVs pop up In the Maybach Benz.”  Explore the language of California with our timeline:  
Keep an eye out for those inukshuks.  
How to not talk about refugees:  
Are you as mad as a gum tree full of galahs?  
"“Rhett, if you go, where shall I go? What shall I do?”  
Do you know what Terry Pratchett thought fantasy was like? Try our quotations quiz.  
"“I'm sorry? What are you oozing about?""  Struggling with 'spelt' vs. 'spelled'?  
"""Oh, Fortnightly Telephone Engineer is one of my favourite publications!"" ""…""  
Want to check out the blood-tub later?  
"Rosentalographia, Adjuvanto, Na'vi, and more!  
Could you coach with 100 words? 
Isn't 'monkey's wedding' just the loveliest phrase?  
Nine Worlds continues to be a great source for new words:  
Anyone remember Elizabethtown?  
How many is a billion? It's not as simple as you think.  
Are you more like headstrong Michael Henchard or independent Bathsheba Everdene?  
Word of the Day: coronach - (in Scotland or Ireland) a funeral song... 
"Isra, Umar, and Yasmin: the meanings behind Arabic names:  
Exploring a word in the news…  
Nuncles and numpires?  Are we in the age of the werewolf yet?  
Who are you calling a dag?  
Avoid awkward dinner dates with these 17 Italian pronunciations  
Did you realize that '-ize' isn't just the American spelling?  
Guest author investigates the shambolic life of 'shambles':  
These are the word facts you need to know to win a quiz:  
Guest blogger Michael Adams looks at some catchphrases from Star Wars:  
The Mayflower Compact was America's first written constitution. Find out more about it:  
What are the linguistic origins of the fantastical creatures in the Chronicles of Narnia?  
Get to grips with the controversy surrounding 'disinterested' and 'uninterested':  
Explore these eponymous words that have their history in Australian English:  
What are some American regionalisms?  
You asked a lexicographer and we answered:  
How did the British national flag get its name?  
Where does the expression 'cold enough to freeze the balls of a brass monkey' come from?  
"Quotations from Independence Day, the blockbuster film, and the actual Day of Independence:  
"Discover the silly, outrageous, and melodramatic world of teen Hollywood in the  
Many iconic buildings have been given nicknames. Test your knowledge of them with this quiz:  
Did you know that the includes individual Twitter posts in its quotation evidence?  
Word of the Day: formicarium - an ant's nest studied in an artificial container…... 
Find out how Geoffrey Chaucer shaped the English language:  
There are times when clear writing can make the difference between life and death...  
"Alexander Graham Bell and James Murray, the OED's first editor, were good friends:  
"Check out our alphabetic list of instruments, from accordion to zither:  
Janus words are words that have two opposite meanings. Here are some examples:  
What's the longest word with just one syllable? Find out in our video:  
Balaclavas weren't the only clothing item popularized by the Battle of Balaclava...  
Growing up as the child of a clergyman gives you insight into a very particular lexicon:  
From to 9 unexpected singers and groups in the  
The word 'computer' is older than you think  
Learn the language of the blues:  
You'll be pleased to know that we are reintroducing line breaks at the end of the month, thanks for your feedback.
We've taken a look in the Historical Thesaurus of the to explore synonyms for 'kiss':  
What does baseball have to do with jazz?  
Where does the word 'quiz' come from?  
Woof! The history of man's relationship with dogs is reflected in language...  
Soap operas have had more influence on the English language than might have assumed:  
How does 'red' translate in other languages? Explore our map:  
"Do the expressions hi-fi, sci-fi, and DIY typify the late, lamented twentieth century?  
What's the origin of 'rainbow'? Where does the expression 'chasing the rainbow' come from?  
Why do we bury the hatchet? We explain the origins of several popular English idioms:  
Delve into the language of P.G. Wodehouse:  
Explore the long history of the Oxford Dictionaries:  
Do East and West Germans still speak a different language?  
Word of the Day: allopatric - animals or plants in separate non-overlapping geographical areas…... 
"Is 'could of' or 'could have' correct, or can either be used? Find out in our video:  
W M Thackeray provides the earliest evidence of many words in the Here's a selection:  
Are frankfurters from Frankfurt? We explore the history of the word 'hotdog':  
Do you speak the language of real tennis?  
'Conscious uncoupling' was all the rage in 2014. We take a look back at its meaning:  
"What's the difference between a proverb, a quotation, and a phrase?  
Learn how to speak like a true Prohibition-era gangster:  
"Typos are a nuisance. However, they can also occasionally be good for a laugh:  
"Bro, bruh, bruv, and other variations of 'brother' in the update:  
How do emerging varieties of English all over the world affect the English language?  
Michael Adams examines Twin Peak's 'straight talk', its virtues over other modes of speech:  
Did you know that “cut and run” originally referred to anchor cables?  
Here are the words you need to celebrate springtime in Russia over the next few months:  
Thank you!
"You'll enjoy this dictionary entry, we think... 
Find out how Seinfeld's Jerk Store joke became so popular on Twitter:  
Watch our video to discover when to use 'practice' and when to use 'practise':  
Let's take a dive into Tex-Mex language:  
Cryptologist Keith Martin explains how to keep words secure:  
What do you call the lazy person in your life? We have some suggestions:  
Let's call a spade a spade and talk about the language of horticulture:  
How do people in the north describe the weather? Explore some English regional terms:  
Many 'famous last words' may well be apocryphal... do you know which?  
Can you guess the real names behind the historical nicknames? Take the quiz:  
Word of the Day: prothalamium - a song or poem celebrating a forthcoming wedding... 
The history of naming chemical elements reveals some fascinating trends:  
"For try our quiz of literary words:  
Think you don't need to worry about diacritics? We actually see a lot of them in English:  
Thanks for your tweet. You'll be pleased to know that we're reintroducing word divisions on entry pages later in March.
It's What better time to find out which sort of poem you are?  
"Are there 5 fingers on a hand, or are there 4? Find out whether or not a thumb is a finger:  How has this beach shaped the language of its inhabitants?  
"From draconian to rankle, braves his way into the dragon's etymological lair:  
Snuck indeed! You might like our video about the word: 
Thanks for spotting, we've changed that answer now. Award yourself an extra point!
Find out what the ides of March are in our video:  
How well do you know our previous Word of the Year winners?  
What are some English words of Chinese origin?  
"Explore some less common names given to grandparents, from lucky-minnie to opi:  
Where do words go when they die? We take a look at the brief history of LOL:  
Learn some real Aussie English:  
'I' or 'me'? Watch our video to get it right:  
Make sure you're using 'between you and me' correctly:  
Do you speak the language of the stage? Test your knowledge of theatre vocabulary:  
So you think you're good at spelling?  
Word of the Day: Pentagonese - jargon supposedly used by high-ranking US military personnel…... 
Here are 8 speed skating terms you need to know:  
How should you use 'hopefully'?  
What's the impact cinema had on the English language?  
Learn the language that defined the First World War:  
Who hasn't had a lapsus linguae? We explore the history of the spoonerism:  
Take our quiz to find out how much you know about food words from around the world:  
of the Week 
What makes the language of the Beatles so special?  
'Karaoke' and 'mohair' are two examples of so-called 'boomerang words' in English:  
Discover the long history of the word 'digital':  
Quebec French and the question of identity:  
Explore some words and phrases that describe the critters of the bush:  
“Bangarang!!!”  
Here's a quick survey of some tough basketball terms:  
Why is the use of Western loanwords so controversial in contemporary Japan?  
What's a 'felfie'?  
"On explore the history of words for young people:  
Here are 12 words you need to know when going snowboarding:  
"Explore a some notable examples of city name changes, and the history behind them:  
What's the origin of the term 'muppet'?  
Here are 10 words you need to know in order to understand curling:  
"There's no rule in English against using adjectives as verbs, so why do people still get angry about 'adjectiverbs'? 
Explore some less common synonyms for 'talkative':  
Food of all types is used rather inventively in the English language. Here are some examples  
Word of the Day: dulciana - an organ stop…... 
Let's have a look at some words that people just love to hate:  
How does Irish English differ from British English?  
This video explores some theories about the origin of the word 'penguin':  
Read David Foster Wallace's thoughts about various words:  .on why it's so important to use neutral language when writing about gay people:  
Let's take a look at some Sherlock Holmesian language:  
Our video looks at the various theories about where the word 'loo' came from:  
"Salaries, dragons, and musk: blogs on the surprising origins of spice names  
Here's a short guide to help you sound like a golfing pro:  
"Pennsylvania German is spoken by about 250,000 people today. Find out more about its history  
Where do the names of days of the week come from?  
Did you know that OMG is first found in 1917?  
Take our quiz to see if you can match the lyrics to the musical:  
What do birds have to do with jargon?  
Do you sometimes get 'compliment' and 'complement' confused? Here's some help:  
Find out how Doris Lessing's upbringing and surroundings affected her writing:  
We've delved into the Historical Thesaurus of the to find different words for book:  
How do you learn a new language as an adult and what are the challenges?  
Mother's pets and military police:  
Here's a selection of colourful words and phrases with their roots in aviation:  
Explore some Russian words and phrases associated with children:  
Delve into Thomas Hardy's esoteric diction and grammatical oddities:  
Where does Star Trek feature in the  
Word of the Day: kludgy - awkwardly or inelegantly made or done... 
A meaty discussion about food metaphors in English:  
The tiger has snuck its way into several common English terms and phrases:  
Japanese is often cited as a notoriously gendered language. Find out more:  
Author Edwin Battistella tells us what he loves about new words:  
Did Chinese characters really begin life as pictures of physical objects?  
Find out which terms and phrases were taken from the Book of Exodus:  
"Ben Nevis just got bigger, apparently. A good opportunity to explore the origin of its name:  
How can World Englishes benefit from crowdsourcing?  
Join us on a wild goose-chase for the origin of the term 'wayzgoose':  
Get happy with the word 'happy':  
Take this quiz to see whether you can work out which vampire said what:  
Here are a few quick tips to help get you on the right track with your creative writing:  
Did you know first editor James Murray was a prolific preacher of sermons?  
Our terms for women tend to differ quite drastically from our terms for men - find out how:  The 30 most bizarre English phrases - and what they actually mean  
What's life like for an researcher?  
Whisky or whiskey? Get to grips with the language of the distillery:  
What's Walt Disney's influence on the English language?  
Where does the idea of the 'white elephant' come from?  
How did 'pleb' and 'snob' come to be derogatory terms and which one is more offensive?  
Ana Frankenberg-Garcia explains why you'd better not 'shake hands' in Portuguese:  Can you tell which quotation is from Dylan Thomas and which belongs to Bob Dylan?  
Quiz: French words no longer used in French  
Expressions involving the word 'light' in English and other languages:  
Word of the Day: entity - a thing with distinct and independent existence... 
Which fashion words have defined the 20th century?  
What's the difference between nerds and geeks?  
'Brainiac' and other words that originated in a Superman comic:  
Can you match the archaic or obsolete animal term with its modern day equivalent?  
How much has the vocabulary of English changed since Abraham Lincoln's presidency?  
Where does the expression 'the bee's knees' come from?  
Explore the elusive origin of the word 'posh':  
Guest blogger finds words of wisdom in Old English:  
Bare or bear? Make sure you know which one to use by watching this video:  
Here are 15 words from Irish English you need to know for  
"For all you wordsters out there, here's a list of words beginning with 'word':  
Are you a 'spinner of yarns'? Here are 9 original ways to call someone a liar:  
"Vlogging, celebrity gossip, and gotcha journalism: explore the new words in the  
Peter Pan collars and other objects named after book titles or characters:  'Broadcast' first meant the widespread scattering of seeds rather than radio signals. And the 'aftermath' was the new grass…
If something is 'lacertiform' it resembles a lizard. Discover more unusual terms for shapes:  
Think you've got the luck o' the Irish? Take our quiz:  
Discover the long history of elephants in the English language:  
"If you've got it, flaunt it! Or is it 'flout it'? Find out how to get it right:  
What do elections have to do with pebbles? takes a look at election etymology  
Horse-racing has contributed many well-known expressions to English. Here are some of them:  
How well do you know the vocabulary of handwriting?  
Explore the language of snooker:  
Ay caramba! Find out how The Simpsons left their mark on the English language:  
Whet your appetite with this list of popular baking idioms in English:  
Word of the Day: Kaddish - an ancient Jewish prayer sequence…... 
Test your knowledge of standard English usage and grammar:  
Discover how various languages use rain as a metaphor in idioms:  
How much do you know about constructed languages? Take the quiz:  
How well do Oxford Dictionaries staff know tennis terms? Find out in our video:  
Can you match the film with the book?  
"How did the dollar, pound, and other currencies get their names?  
Today's Word of the Day illustrated by Imogen Foxell. 
"Omnishambles, mind-meld, and other words that gained fame on TV shows:  
Find out how Tolkien created an old English fairy tale in The Hobbit:  
What is a mnemonic? Find out and see some examples in our video:  
Explore the use of 'ghost' in hip-hop lyrics:  
Inverted meanings: how did 'bad' and 'wicked' become terms of approval?  
How large was Shakespeare's vocabulary and which words did he coin?  
Has 'snuck' erroneously snuck into our language or is it a real word?  
English is filled with a wild assortment of romantic endearments:  
Do you know what a 'subfusc' is? Explore the language of Oxford:  
"From eco-minded to ecopoiesis, explore a world of words:  
How has Facebook changed the English language?  
Find out why English sounds all Greek to you:  
Explore the inventive words and worlds of Edgar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft:  
Can you work out which of these language-related facts are true and which are false?  
Explore the history of the word 'kangaroo':  
The word 'meme' has a curious history that is worth exploring…  
Ever eaten a parmo? The is trying to trace older examples of the word:  
Word of the Day: biryani - an Indian dish made with highly seasoned rice…... 
Discover how diarists feature in the  
What's the origin of the expression the  
"From father-waur to patrizate, the forgotten language of fathers:  
"How old is the word 'newspaper', and how long will it survive?  
"Hacker? Yes, I'm one of those.  
An introduction to the confusing world of acronyms and initialisms:  
'The a great read in alphabetical order and otherwise' via  Breaking: Teens are not killing the English language:  via 
How can a single word change someone's life?  
"Sesquipedalian ruminations (or, thinking about long words):  
How good is your Northern Irish English? Test yourself:  
"In which we answer question 'If a word is misspelled in the dictionary, how will anyone know?'  
What's the connection between Moby Dick and dictionaries? Find out…  Why do writers abandon their native language?  
"5 delightful, wonderful things you can do with the Historical Thesaurus of the  
If you've wondered what the are watch this video to find out:  
Take a linguistic walk through the language of comfort food.  
"A linguistic tribute to everybody's favourite Vivienne,  
How has 'mother' been used in compound nouns over recent years?  
"Find out the names of rulers past and present, from aga to viceroy.  
Samuel Taylor Coleridge was a noted poet - and an exuberant wordsmith.  
The vocabulary of surfing is probably longer and more complex than you'd anticipate…  
Explore the many contributions of Elizabeth Barrett Browning to the  
The has always asked for the public's help: here's a history of the OED Appeals.  
Popular music genres keep blending - and we need new words to help.  
Enjoy some notable quotations from royals past and present.  
Drink up: it's time to explore the language of cocktails.  
Word of the Day: floatel - a floating hotel…... 
Which word unites cricket and politics?  
Dog-lovers unite: we look at the many manifestations of the word 'dog'.  
"You've probably heard the rule 'i before e except after c', but does it hold up to examination? 
We think 'numpty' is probably older than 1988: can you help provide evidence?  
Learn the word 'red' in various languages around the world.  
Let's see how well you know your cookie language:  
TWO Winston Churchills? Afraid so…  New frontiers in evolutionary linguistics  Via Enjoy the language of William Wordsworth in our blog post:  
Pi isn't the only number with a more specific name:  
Is 'glissando' a word musicians should be using?  
That's Rothenburg ob der Tauber in Bavaria: 
"Menacing, intimidating, and threatening: an exploration of three similar words.  
When is a Prime Minister in your teacup?  
Reverting back: a lesson in tautology.  
"For explore the world of homonyms, homographs, and homophones.  
Explore the quirky language of Internet users.  
that Editor James Murray's beard once froze solid?  
Life in Washington D.C. comes with it own language: we translate.  
What can the Hanging Gardens of Babylon tell us about language?  
What's the difference between a suffragette and a suffragist?  
Angela Carter said she loved overwriting, which unusual words did she work into her writing?  
"Compound nouns, loanwords, and a rude word for coffee… exploring German.  
Play ball! Let's take a look at the language of baseball.  
What is 'Bunburying' and which author do we have to thank for it?   
Word of the Day: juba - a dance originating among plantation slaves…... 
The prefix 'auto-' has an involved and evolving history…  
"SOCO is a 'scene-of-crime officer', but can you help the OED find examples from before 1977?  What is journalese? Guest blogger investigates:  
Take a closer look at the lanagueg of beloved songwriter Cole Porter:  
Why are dictionaries called dictionaries?  
of the Week 
For addicts: we've jumped into the to find where she's left her mark.  
How did director extraordinaire Alfred Hitchcock influence the English language?  
Let's take an etymological tour of the US...  
Why do certain English words fall out of fashion? We explore…  
Discover quotations for every occasion…  
Can you help the find earlier evidence for the term 'jolly hockey sticks'?  
The big debate: what should we call librarians on Tumblr (besides fantastic)?  
"Baseball is one of the oldest US sports, so touch base with some of its language:  
"Catch-22, Stepford Wives, and Sherlock: how have novels added to the English language?  
From acre to Zeus: explore the words that have their roots in Sanskrit.  
The 1920s was the crossword decade: how did it enter language and public consciousness?  
The novelist Vita Sackville-West appears in a somewhat surprising entry…  
Each pig gets its St Martin? Explore pig idioms in English and around Europe.  
Let's take a look at the language of Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker?  
"What does 'ice' mean in hip-hop, and what is its history?  
How does the word 'nacho' help us think about nationality?  
How does James Bond help lexicographers?  
Word of the Day: fabliau - a bawdily humorous metrical tale…... 
Howzat! Do you know everything there is to know about the language of cricket?  
Can you remember the names for all the different types of cloud?  
"Hopefully, thankfully, and other thorny issues:  
Can you help the find earlier evidence of the acronym 'FLOTUS'?  
Is an 'intelligence officer' a good person or a bad person? It depends when it was said...  
"From heist to mayhem, takes a look at the language of crime.  
What does the future of South African English look like?  
OED Editor James Murray didn't actually like the word 'dictionary'… find out more:  
What put the 'flea' in flea market?  
Jack Kerouac was born in 1922. We pay tribute by looking at idioms with the word 'road'  
How does punctuation in ancient poetry work?  
We interview the contributor who helped us antedate the term 'African American'.  
We explore a footballing corpus for some of the most popular words.  
Drunk tank pink? Our blog post examines some unusual terms for unusual colours.  
Take a look at the hidden eponyms in everyday English:  
The linguistic lure of country music is explored in our blog post.  
A story about how one child discovered the  
"Manspreading: what is it, and why has the term grown in popularity?  
Have you been tempted to learn Dragonese?  
Did you know that Editor James Murray also collected stamps?  
Explore the unusual history of the word 'rum'.  
"Feathers, catching crabs, and getting bumped: the language of rowing.  
Discover the unexpectedly odd history of 'parting shot'.  
"From boiled shirt to step-in, we look at the unusual language of clothes.  
Word of the Day: veriest - the degree to which a description applies…... 
Drive safe? What happens when adverbs lose their 'ly':  
Will 'upstander' enter Oxford Dictionaries? Here are the reasons for and against.  
Whatever happened to the brontosaurus?  
"Skivers and scroungers… and, perhaps surprisingly, birds:  
What's the connection between hobbits and fireworks? Find out in our blog post.  
Was there ever a real McCoy? The answer is a little more complicated than you might expect.  
Take a stab at our quiz covering some idiomatic expressions Brits use in everyday life:  "Hapless, mishap, perhaps… explore the hidden 'haps' in everyday English.  
"First, second, third or firstly, secondly, thirdly? Our video explores the topic.  
"If it's been raining a lot, then amuse yourself with unusual rain-related terminology.  
"What is the origin of the term 'UFO'? The truth is out there… in our video, to be precise.  
How long have people been getting emails? The is looking for older examples of 'email'.  
Birds can be grammar nerds, too:  
Will there be another Magic Mike film? Be prepared with 6 words from the world of stripping.  
Words like 'canny' have a long history as part of the local dialect of Tyneside...  
The got so many letters it once had its own post box. Find out more:  
Are grammatical standards slipping? We explore the issue.  
"Before you grab those skis, here are 9 words you need to know for freestyle skiing.  
From Indian English to Jamie Oliver: the varied history of 'pukka'.  
"What is a style guide, and how does it affect OxfordWords articles?  
The wit and wisdom of Dorothy Parker are explored in our blog post.  
Explore the influence Hebrew has played on modern English.  
What are the hidden language stories behind the days of the week?  
As Canadian as a butter tart: we explore the world of Canadian English.  
Word of the Day: vestimentary - relating to clothing or dress... 
Quiz yourself: which authors coined these words?  
What's the difference between European and Brazilian Portuguese? We explore…  
Onboarding? Omnichannel? A look at some business jargon that has entered the mainstream.  
In which language do you sow the wind and reap the storm?  
"Sheepish, sluggish, or waspish? We take a gander at animal adjectives.  
What does Zadie Smith think about language?  
"in 1847, Joseph Pulitzer was born. We take a look at the prize named after him:  
Bullseye! Learn the language of darts in our blog post:  
Guest blogger David Norman takes us through the naming of dinosaurs.  
55 words ending in 'ster' you didn't know you needed to know:  
What does the zonkey tell us about our love of hybrid words?  
A brief history of dictionary-making…  
"We celebrate the lexicographer Samuel Johnson, and see how dictionary-making has changed.  
The language of cooking: from 'Forme of Cury' to 'Pukka Tucker'  
The language of underwear (we'll try to be brief):  
Limericks and made-up words: the nonsense verse of Edward Lear.  
We explore the language of Margaret Thatcher.  
"Screen-rage, sarcaustic, and more: we look at your new-word submissions.  
How did George Orwell bring us the term 'Cold War'?  
Do Oxford Dictionaries staff know the language of football? Erm… not really.  
"Sweets, sugar, and other delicious expressions.  
"Water under the bridge, a bridge too far, and other 'bridge' expressions.  
"From Shakespeare to teddies, we look at bears and the English language:  
Let's take a look at some automotive etymologies...  
Word of the Day: ollie - a type of a skateboarding and snowboarding jump…... 
How long do slang words last for? We explore the lifespan of slang…  
Columbusing: how has this coinage fared?  
An historic or a historic? Our video investigates the issue.  
Explore the surprising origins of the fedora.  
OED Editor James Murray was a somewhat accident-prone cyclist… find out more:  
Guest blogger Clare Button takes a closer look at the language of British ballads.  
Illustrating today's Word of the Day:  
Quiz yourself about the language of money:  
Fantasies: what would you change if you could change one thing about the English language?  
Ten verbs from Northern Ireland that you'll enjoy using:  
Aight: an exploration (including DJ Jazzy Jeff, The Fresh Prince).  
"How do left, right, north, and south differ from language to language?  
What is the origin of 'OK' (and why does it frustrate etymologists)?  
"""I didn't really say everything I said"": a closer look at Yogi Berra's Yogiisms.  
'Hat-trick' is correct. Look it up here: 
"How does the CIA define 'intelligence', and what are the implications?  
Allusion and illusion: what's the difference?  
"Silhouette, nicotine, leotard: where did these words come from?  
Guest blogger Ritchie Robertson gives us a tour of the language of Kafka:  
Guest blogger Reid Vanderburgh addresses the advantage of 'trans'.  
"How is the word 'left' used in discussions of American politics, and more broadly?  
"We all love bears - but there is more to them, linguistically, then you might imagine...  
Where does the Queen of Crime appear in the  
"From Elvish to Syldavian, we explore the concept of inventing languages:  
"Naming planets, and other debates about who is in charge of the English language:  
"If you love the beautiful game, you'll enjoy our post about the language of football.  
How easy is it to spell well? We investigate...  
"Where did we get the dollar, pound, and yen signs? Our video explains:  
Confused about the differences between British and American spelling? Our video can help:  
"The finance world has a language of its own: we explore bears, bulls, and other examples:  
How did Pluto get its name?  
Acronyms and initialisms: what's the difference? 
We asked for older examples of the words 'skive' and 'camouflage', here are the results:  
Curious about Nordic skiing? We've got your back: here are 10 terms you need to know.  
10 women without whom the would not be what it is today:  
What will the English language be like in 100 years? 
(The Americans will be pleased.)"
From the saxophone to the moog analog synthesizer: instruments named after their inventors.  
Quiz yourself: how much do you know about the language of TV?  
Why gender-neutral language is still a hot topic:  
"Let's take a lexicographical look back at 2012, when Mars was voted 'Place of the Year'.  What is the best age to learn a second language? We asked an academic 
From Blockbuster to Tinseltown: the origins of filmic language:  
Explore the wonderful world of rhyming traditions in our blog post.  
Enjoy our imagining of letters Dr Seuss might have written to the OED:  
How should English teachers pronounce 'allegiance' or 'individual' - and does it matter?  
Telephone or annoyance? Bodacious or badass? Which word is older: take our quiz.  
Where did the phrase 'hair of the dog' come from - and does it work?  
What is the name for worshipping a donkey? Find out in our list of words ending in -olatry…  
Are you cruciverbalist? Take a look at the language of crosswords.  
Christopher Marlowe is quoted over 1000 times in the we pick some of our favourites.  
10 words you need to learn before you grab a hockey stick and get on the ice.  
Word of the Day: psittacine - relating to birds of the parrot family…... 
"Spring might not quite have sprung, but you can still enjoy the language of Parisian spring:  
From circus to fanboy: the evolving history of 'geek'.  
From whip to spin: the language of UK politics.  
Pop on your platforms and enjoy the language of the birth of disco.  
Flashback to the 2012 presidential debates with a linguistic comparison of Romney, Obama.  
Jazz musicians and nicknames go hand in hand: we take a look at how they came about.  
"'Trumpery' is trending on  but what does it mean? Find out:  
"Some homonyms look entirely unrelated, but we've unearthed some hidden connections…  
Virginia Woolfites alert: explore To The Lighthouse and the  
"If it catches on, we'll include it! Here's how words are added to Oxford Dictionaries: 
Enquire or inquire? Our video will help with any confusion (and might surprise you!)  
Unfriend and other words that took a hibernation.  How did “draw together the discordant and wild of so many peoples?” 
"Thanks for that, Joel!"
How has 'nice' changed over time - and is it a forbidden word?  
How random! Take a look at the rise and fall of the slang use of 'random'.  
How has South Africa's political and economic heritage influenced its language?  
"GIF was one of our Words of the Year in 2012, you'll be pleased to know: 
Are you an oyster aficionado? Take our quiz about the language of seafood:  
"It sounds like you've got this one sorted out already, Alison!"
"Well, it's an interesting idea! We looked at the plural of 'sheep',  but no 'shoop' in sight."
Thanks Sara!
Join us in investigating the magical language of 'His Dark Materials':  
Are you able to help the find references to the mythical 'jackalope' before 1950?  
Explore Lawrence Durrell's quotations in the  
"Before you travel to Washington D.C., here are some words you need to know:  
"The truth is out there! The truth about alien words in the that is:  
"You may not have heard of Sir Thomas Browne, but you'll know some of the words he coined…  
"Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, and more: how countries in Oceania got their names.  
Witty quotations from Oscar Wilde and others:  
Our editors are always consulting our corpora: what can these teach us?  
Word of the Day: Beemer - a car or motorcycle manufactured by BMW... 
"Computers, dancing, and illness: the much-travelled word 'bug'.  
We absolutely love Clueless. If you thought we'd keep quiet about that… as if:  
Star Wars? Star Trek? Can you sort out these quotations from one another?  
Take a look at our video of some Australian English words in Oxford Dictionaries:  
Enjoy our gallery of words that Lord Byron contributed to the English language:  
"Little orphant Annie? No, it's not a typo: explore the history of this much-loved character  
of the Week 
"Chaucer may have died some centuries ago, but he's still a celeb in our eyes:  
"Take a colourful look at the language of colour (including ducks, moles, and fleas):  
"If you love Middlemarch as much as we do, you'll enjoy this look at George Eliot and the OED  
Harry Potter fans alert: we investigate the language of quidditch.  
"If you're a language learner, you might well have stumbled across these false friends…  
"In celebration of here's a list of words containing 'mother':  
"Taking a closer look at the language of rugby, from origins to technical terminology:  
"If you find yourself a murder suspect, here are some words you need to know:  
"Southpaw, mollydooker, and other words for left-handed folk:  
8 tips you need before you start writing a book review:  
"Sticky wicket, and other terms from the world of cricket, by guest blogger  
"If you're loving then explore the language of the Asian-American experience:  
Guest blogger Barbara Johnstone investigates dialect and identity with Pittsburghese:  
Is 'when're' a word? A lexicographer is here to answer your questions:  
Sock puppets suddenly aren't so innocent: we take a look at the language of online deception  
"'To have another thing coming', and other phrases that are the victims of mispronunciation:  
"Confessions of a pedant, with a detour for the word 'taxi':  
Word of the Day: gunkhole - a difficult to navigate shallow inlet or cove…... 
"The history of the word 'dickens', from hip-hop to Charles and even earlier:  
What are the loaded connotations of the word 'swaggering'?  
Quiz yourself with the difference between 'principal' and 'principle':  
The unexpectedly fascinating language you'll find in the world of hawking:  
"We think 'bookmobile' is probably older than 1924, but need help finding the evidence:  
As proud as a louse on the glove of a Queen: explore the idioms of Jersey.  
David Foster Wallace's reflections on language feature in the American Writer's Thesaurus:  
How different is Quebec French to the French spoken in the rest of the country?  
How have libraries changed in the 21st century? Sarah Hilliard explores the issue:  
Where did we get the word 'soccer'? Our video explains:  
Does language learning have to be boring? We think not…  
Imply or infer: make sure you know when to use which word.  
Explore the language of long distance running:  
Looking at Scrabble from a logophile's point of view:  
"Guest blogger Colin Thomas dives into the puns, life, and lyrics of The Beatles:  
Guest blogger Bonnie Kneen takes us through the language of bisexuality:  
"Whether it's sunny or raining where you are, enjoy the language of ice cream:  
What is a mondegreen (and which have you heard yourself)?  
Grab your dancing shoes and tap your way through the language of dance:  
"Fnarr fnarr, and other onomatopoeic entries in Oxford Dictionaries:  
Can you help the find an earlier example of 'legless'?  
What has 'hot stuff' got to do with soldiers?  
Amuse yourself with this quiz of humorous quotations:  
That book. That series. That shirt. We take a look at Pride, Prejudice (...and Colin Firth)  
Word of the Day: stifado - a Greek meat stew with onions and tomatoes...... 
See how the meaning of the word 'socialist' has changed over time:  
"Do you say sofa, settee, or couch? Make your voice heard in our poll.  
"Bun: is it bread, cake, or something else completely? Have your say.  
Can you help us identify the mysterious 'Mathematik Rules'?  
What's the word for peace in other languages?  
Discover how dogs are used in popular idioms across Europe:  
"It's so let's take a look at some grammar myths you learned in school:  
Can you match the invented word with its inventor?  
"We take a look at the rise of Anglicisms in France, and the fight against them:  
'Practice' and 'practise' are trending on Oxford Dictionaries. This video explains the difference between the two: 
You're very welcome! We're glad you enjoyed them.
What does 'pwn' mean and where does it come from?  
"The words trawl and troll are interchangeable in most cases, but there are some exceptions:  
Here are some tips for composing interesting and original palindromes:  
Do you speak the language of love? Take the quiz:  
We asked nine translators what they loved about translation:  
Well spotted!
Discover some of the colorful slang terms for prisons and prisoners:  
Find out how the language of the north came to be associated with the modern Gothic:  
What are some Japanese loanwords in English?  
Check out these cartoons of commonly confused words in English:  
Which language has two words for blue? Test your knowledge of the language of colours:  
How do book titles translate in other languages?  
Seinfeld played a major role in shaping '90s culture. Let's have a look at its language:  
How a convicted murderer became one of the most important volunteer contributors to the  
Word of the Day: tathata - the ultimate inexpressible nature of all things…... 
"What are portmanteau words, and how are they different from compounds?  
What's drinking culture like on the other side of the pond?  
Learn about the fascinating stories behind some of the most famous quotations:  
How did 'bread' become a slang term for 'money'?  
'Twerk' is actually a lot older than you might have thought:  
Explore some phrases and proverbs relating to the weather around the world:  
Enjoy everyone! 
What is it with our fascination with long and strange words?  
It is indeed: we are happy to often use them (!): 
Let's have a look at the role of apple idioms in the English language:  
How to not sound foolish when talking about politics:  
What are the most popular languages in your country other than English? via 
"On explore the origin of the word 'book':  
12 Spanish proverbs translated literally into English via 
Do you know the meanings of these obsolete words?  
What are the connotations of colours?  
Do you know what a 'monkey's wedding' is? Test your knowledge of South African English:  
"Hey now, that sounds like an excellent combination! We can combine the two with our Taylor Swift quiz: The language you speak completely changes how you see the world      
Let's try to banish the uncertainty about 'less' and 'fewer' once and for all:  
"Ah, but you live in Britain. Have you tried American phrases to confuse Brits?  "Good idea! The difference is that 'populous' indicates a large population, while 'populated' doesn't necessarily."
You might be pleased to know that 'lichen' has two commonly accepted pronunciations: 
"You need wait no longer, We have a post on 'themself' here: 
Discover Grungespeak - the greatest language hoax of the 1990s:  
"Everyone knows the 'Big Apple', but can you figure out these other US city nicknames?  
Inventing new words has a long tradition in children's literature. Find out more:  
From 'catch-22' to 'bucket list': fictional titles in everyday English  
Find out how to use reflexive pronouns correctly:  
Here are eleven tricky words you might be mispronouncing:  
Explore the history of some of the key dancing terms:  
Our dictionaries are descriptive rather than prescriptive. Find out what that means:  
Discover the lost linguistic world of Polari:  
"Word of the Day: lackaday - an expression of surprise, regret, or grief... 
"From smoke to vape, how has the language related to smoking changed over time?  
Find out which classic novel you should read next on  
How did Latin outlive the people who spoke it?  
In which ways has the Italian language influenced English?  
Find out how J. R. R. Tolkien untangled the complex history of 'walrus' for the  
If you're copyediting your own work you should follow these 6 simple rules:  
Take this quiz and gain a whole new perspective on the world:  
Our Arabic editor explains why she decided to become an Arabist:  
Discover Sigmund Freud's legacy to the English language:  Scientists reveal the hardest language to whisper in  
Why is French so prescriptive (and is English)?  What is the origin of the word 'boast'?  Hating interjections? They actually have a long history of use in English:  
These words have entered the English language later than you might have thought:  
Explore the history of the word 'longitude':  
"Not at the moment, we're afraid, but we'll certainly keep you posted if they ever are."
What are some 16th century terms for being drunk?  
"Well, sounds pretty wonderful; she probably knows all of these already."
"Now you're making us feel very old, Deanna..."
Do you know your phobias? Take this quiz to find out:  
The Sound of Music was released in 1965. Explore the history of do re mi:  
What are some English words of Yiddish origin?  
Explore the varied voices of TS Eliot:  
"If you want some quick facts about the Chinese language, check out this infographic:  
What have British monarchs contributed to the English language?  That guy is a real hepcat:  
Do you prefer 'walker' or 'biter'?  
Who can resist a Billy Ray Cyrus reference?  
Word of the Day: expurgate - remove matter thought to be objectionable or unsuitable…... Do you always know when to use I and when to use me in a sentence? Test yourself:  
On read through this list of idioms using 'pig' in English + other languages  
"We don't have an entry for it, but the consensus seems to tend towards ""molluscophobia"" - a fear of mollusks."
"Planful? As in ""full of or rich in plans""? We think it's a great and underused word. 
How many?!  
"You probably know the odd piece of musical terminology, but these terms might be new to you:  
Pie in the sky? We can blame Kenneth Arnold for the traditional UFO shape:  
"It's For those of you who don't know what this means, look here:  
Explore the beauty of Welsh English on  
Wait. You suffer from ailurophobia?!  
Here's how you insult somebody in Northern Irish English:  
"Let's take a look at the history of the portmanteau, and find out who first introduced it:  
"'Paparazzi', 'miniseries', 'biohazards', and 'teenyboppers' have one thing in common:  People have an irrational attachment to spelling. Why?  
Explore the history of musical terminology and foreign words:  The crowded living conditions of industrial South Korea gave rise to a new language:  
The noun 'tea' comes from Chinese. What else has the language contributed to English?  
We're very glad you enjoyed it!
"Thank you! Ironically, strong lungs were needed for the intake of breath beforehand."
What you wrote would get our vote.
A proverb is a saying while an idiom can be just a group of words (like 'over the moon'). More info: 
"This video explains the difference between an acronym and an initialism, and looks at the interesting case of 'LOL': 
What are the origins of some English idioms related to bread?  
"Since Dr Seuss lived in Oxford for a while, we wondered how he could've experienced the city  
"Ugh, she's such a Lady Macbeth:  
Watch this video to learn the longest word in English:  
The story behind 'sandwich' starts with a particularly distracting run at the gaming table:  
"No, JFK did not call himself a jam doughnut when he said 'Ich bin ein Berliner':  
The language of A. A. Milne is more than just heffalumps and woozles:  
"As a Scot down south, you may get looks of bewilderment when you use these words:  
returns soon. Prepare yourself with this list of word origins:  
Word of the Day: audax - a type of long-distance road cycling event…... 
Our author set out to road-test her dusty Spanish qualification. Find out what happened:  
Where do the names for our oceans come from?  
Learn about the language of - ahem - coughing:  
How well do you know common English phrases?  
Find out how 'Trumpmentum' became one of the words dominating the 2016 presidential race:  
What are leap years called in other countries?  Why Only Us: The language paradox  
How has the vocabulary of childbirth changes over time?  
Discover food idioms from around the world:  
Many English idioms have poetic origins. Here are some of them...  
Why does the have so many words that relate to cows?  
Did you know that features heavily in the  
Do crocodiles really cry? Take a look at the origins of the term 'crocodile tears':  
Word of the Day: decennium - a decade... 
"Today's but what exactly is it that gets leapt?  
What are the origins of filmic language?  
We can help out  winners: how do you say 'thank you' in other languages?  
of the Week 
The apostrophe is only a feature of written language - do we really need it?  
How well do you know the language of film?  
How is Welsh English different from standard English?  
Which films are cited in the  
Do you know when to use its and when to use it's? Test yourself and find out!  
The big toe is also called a 'hallux': here are 9 more curious names for body parts:  
What makes an acceptance speech succeed where others fail?  
How did the get its name?  
Word of the Day: revenant - a person who has returned (from the dead)…... 
Investigating the language of Tumblr:  
How do we decide which words to include in our dictionaries? This video has the answer:  
What is the origin of respawn and other words related to video games?  
"In his books, Tolkien used lots of archaic expressions - here's why:  
What's the origin of the expression 'to steal someone's thunder'?  
What's in a nickname and why do we love nicknaming people and places?  
The many meanings of bear for  
"Last year, we took a stab at predicting the outcome of based on language analysis:  
I Can Has Cheezeburger? A history of the language of memes - and how to create your own:  
How many languages are spoken in the countries of the EU? We take a look:  
What is it we are telling when things are 'all told'?  
Did you know that Alanis Morissette was cited in the  
Word of the Day: madarosis - absence or loss of the eyelashes…... 
Why e. e. cummings was a poetic genius: 
Think you know your Jane from your Jones? Take our Bridget Jones or Jane Austen quiz:  
There have been many different words for crying over the centuries - here are some of them:  
How do you decide which personal pronouns to use? Our video has the answers: 
Sound clever at your Oscar party with these 8 word facts:  
The plural of 'cortex' is indeed 'cortices' (well done!): 
Discover some proverbs and quotations about the weather:  The American Dust Bowl and its effect on the language of 'The Grapes of Wrath':  
Well spotted! We've sorted that out now.
What is the linguistic legacy of Margaret Thatcher?  
Here are a few false friends in Shakespeare to be wary of:  
"What does it mean to 'stan', and what has it got to do with Our blog post explains:  
Learn about the curious linguistic history of the word 'toilet':  
Word of the Day: myometrium - the smooth muscle tissue of the womb... 
How the beloved sitcom 'Friends' left its mark on the linguistic landscape:  
Is there a word to describe how you eat chocolate?  
Thanks for pointing it out to us - we'll have a look at making that explanation clearer.
What is the meaning of 'Auld Lang Syne' and other Scottish words?  
Got to love those -nik words!
"The word 'competence', though, is a dated term meaning ""an income large enough to live on""  (2/2)"
"Well, 'competency' has been used to refer to the condition of having a sum of money - not the sum of money itself. (1/2)"How do you pluralize 'media'?  
What is it about management jargon that winds us up so much?  
Which English words are taken from Native American?  
"thanks for noticing, Dan. We'll redo it."
"Hi Winston - if you ever want a longer chat about the Oxford comma, we're here and we have some strong opinions. 
How did Jane Austen learn to write?  
How do you decide which type of Arabic you should learn?  
What is the origin of the term 'beefcake'?  
How to avoid redundant expressions in writing:  
Are there any rules when it comes to calling a country a 'motherland' or 'fatherland'?  
Word of the Day: initiand - a person about to be initiated... 
What do tightrope walking and ambulances have in common?  
"Eeyorish, kanga, and heffalump: explore the linguistic legacy of Winnie-the-Pooh:  
9 business terms everyone hates and how to avoid them:  
'Gruntled' is trending on  and (spoilers) also features in this quiz:  
Well spotted! We have corrected this now.
"13 words that are innocent in their own language, but sound rude in English:  
For many around the world, the internet simply doesn't speak their language 
Here are 9 awkward mistakes your spellchecker may not catch:  Choosing whether to use 'I' or 'me' can be tricky. We explain how to get it right:  
Put off whatever you're doing at the moment, read this list of synonyms for procrastinate:  
Learn about the Philippine additions to the English vocabulary:  
What do the names for different types of pasta mean?  
Can you match Shakespeare's most famous lines with the correct plays?  
Word of the Day: llano - (in South America) a treeless grassy plain... 
From ditokous to dizygotic: explore the language of twins:  
More than 1 billion people are learning English. Find out more about the language:  
"There's only so much room! Thankfully, the digital version doesn't have that issue: 
Thanks for the note! Consider the lexicographers alerted.
9 synonyms for 'smile' to brighten up your day:  
'Egregious' is trending on  did you know that it once meant 'good'?  What psychology studies say about the best way to apologize  
Do you often feel indifferent? We've got your back. Here are 15 ways to say 'maybe':  
Is 'data' singular or plural? We investigate:  These five words illustrate the English language's fascinating history  What are the origins of dinosaur names?  
Brexit actually did make our Word of the Year shortlist in 2015: 
"We've actually already got 'applicate' as a verb, although it is rare: 
We are very gruntled to hear it!
Why our identity plays a key role in our ability to learn a second language:  
How are new words formed? Let us count the ways:  
Why Arabic is a fun language to learn:  
How well do you know Irish? Take the quiz:  
Word of the Day: veronique - denoting a dish prepared or garnished with grapes…... 
Some of our favourite quotes from the Oxford Dictionary of Quotations:  
Why it is a good thing the English language is changing:  
How does Spanish fill the gaps when it comes to English Internet-related words?  
How should you use a question mark? Watch our video to find out:  Can We Save Our Smaller Languages From Dying Out? The writers who invented languages:  
For anybody who's ever listened to Shipping Forecast and got a bit confused:  
How to pronounce German loanwords in English:  
Here are some commonly confused words that you often encounter:  
Let's have a look at some phrases and idioms inspired by trees:  
Language isn't created by professors in ivory towers, but by speakers on the street  Famous last words: can you tell who said the following?  
Set aside your mugs and cups to take a look at this list of coffee words:  
Terry Pratchett and the language of Discworld:  
What's the origin of 'saved by the bell'? Discover boxing idioms in the English language:  
Word of the Day: passata - a thick paste made from sieved tomatoes…... How does language related to driving differ between the UK and the US?  
Explore some English compound words:  
of the Week 
Do you know which book titles were borrowed from other books? Take the quiz:  
A look at endangered languages around the world:  
What makes a good poetry reading?  
Do you know your Jungle Book from your Treasure Island? Take our children's literature quiz:  
How do other languages use flowers in popular idioms and expressions?  
Ever wondered what kind of poem you are? Here's your chance to find out:  
What are some Russian loanwords in the English language?  
From elephant's breath to greige: here are the Fifty Shades of Grey  
Word of the Day: bratwurst - a fried or grilled fine German pork sausage…... Why is a PDF sometimes called a 'hard copy' even though it's a digital document?  
How well do you know the language of cookies? Take the quiz:  
Where do the bulls and bears of Wall Street come from?  
"Now often known as Welsh rarebit, this dish was originally known as Welsh rabbit… but why?  
What David Foster Wallace did for the English language:  
"What's the difference between that, who, and which?  
Why you shouldn't call football soccer if you want to sound like a football native:  
"Rhyming slang, although almost 200 years old, is alive and kicking today:  
Where did the word 'OK' come from? Our video explores some theories…  
"Q is always followed by u, right? Not necessarily, as this list demonstrates:  
How do we talk about translation? Here are 5 ways:  
Word of the Day: demerit - a fault or disadvantage... 
The language used to describe different types of rhyme:  
Quiz time! How well do you know historical synonyms?  
Yo-ho-ho! Finds out more about nautical language that has made its way into everyday English  
Harper Lee (1926 - 2016) The hidden benefits of emojis:  via It's Friday, so what the hell? Try the lolcat generator  
Discover the unexpectedly tasty world of tennis language:  
You might be surprised at the number of German loanwords in the English language:  Babies cry in distinctive ways that reflect the language spoken by their parents  
Can you identify whether these quotes are from George Michael or George Orwell?  
Stop monkeying around and read our blog post about monkeys in English idioms:  
Is there such a thing as an untranslatable word? Caroline James investigates…  
How important is a word's sound to its meaning? Guest blogger Daniel McDonald investigates  
Here's why we think you should start learning Italian pronto!  
Word of the Day: Ventose - the sixth month of the French Republican calendar…... 
"Whether it's bombed or trashed, why does English have so many terms for being drunk?  
"Is there an English subjunctive, and how would it work?  
Quiz yourself with our images: can you work out the palindrome?  
What are some English words of Dutch origin?  
Do you how to choose between while and whilst?  
"A quick run down of fashion language, from hobble skirt to chapeau-bras:  
"Like, status, poke: how Facebook has changed the English language (for a while, at least)  
Make sure you know how to pronounce the words you need in literature class:  Here are some tips to help if you want to get your thoughts down in plain English:  
Hot diggety dog! Time to learn some new interjections to put into practice:  
Word of the Day: postil - a marginal note on a biblical text…... 
"Ever wondered if there are any pangrams in the Well, now's your chance to find out:  
"So, does spelling matter anyway? See what has to say…  
Get creative with your insults! Here are 12 ways to call someone a fool:  
'Oneirocriticism' is today's Word of the Day  The modern history of swearing: Where all the dirtiest words come from  
"Sure! 'Distressed' means 'suffering from extreme anxiety, sorrow, or pain'. More here: 
Are you looking for some creative ways to insult someone? We can help you out with that...  
They may share a language, but Brits and Americans swear like strangers:   
Death of the circumflex? French spelling reforms are not new at all, they date back to 1990 
"From clog to stiletto, we look at the hidden language of shoes:  
What is the origin of the idiom ""to kick the bucket""? Theories welcome: 
"We all grow up saying them, but what do nursery rhymes tell us about language?  
We take a tongue-in-cheek look at how to talk 'properly' (according to Nancy Mitford):  
"thanks, Liane. We'll get that updated."
Test your knowledge of Canadian English:  
Find out which Jane Austen leading man you are:  
Dive into the lyrics of Led Zeppelin in our blog post:  
What has jeopardy got to do with chess?  
Word of the Day: recessionista - a woman dressing fashionably on a budget…... 
Looking back at The Great British Bake Off 2015: how did it change the English language?  
Take our quiz and see how good you are at distinguishing between  
Habla usted Spanglish? We explore this hybrid language:  
"'The Dickens, reminiscent of Charles': Dickensian references in hip-hop lyrics  
Here's the key to getting 'your' vs. 'you're' right:  We need English words for these bookish feelings:  
"Aww, we believe in you! We're sure you'll do better on a second attempt."
What does it mean to carry coals to Newcastle? We explore some place name expressions:  
For anybody who loves their vegetables - we've put together an alphabet of veggies:  
Our language blog, Johnson, on the secret meaning of ""feisty""  25 maps, charts that explain how English got started, evolved into the differently accented languages spoken today h…
'The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain': explore the language of My Fair Lady  
The ultra-violence of A Clockwork Orange: what inspired its language?  
Can you tell the difference between Charles Dickens and… not Charles Dickens?  
Why is Bill Murray in the Oxford English Dictionary?  
Here are 11 spelling changes that would make English easier:  
Word of the Day: zoetrope - a 19th-century optical toy…... 
Go bananas for the origin of 'banana':  
SIM cards and puffin crossings: 5 words you didn't know were acronyms  
Watch our video to discover whether or not 'literally' can ever mean 'figuratively':  
Video: is a whale a mammal?  
"'Stump speech', 'hot button issue', '-gate', and other overused political terms  
We do include 'spellable' in  we're on your side about this one! Tressy Arts told all about the Oxford Arabic Dictionary 
"So, are there really hundreds of Inuit words for snow?  
Hello - we have an API site where you can sign up to stay informed about developments: 
You're obviously feline very fond of wordplay today!  
Should scholars avoid starting sentences with ""and?"" Debunking grammatical ""misrules"" How learning a second language changes your brain   
Current usage suggests it mainly refers to a male friend/associate. It could change though.   
What do people call alleyways in different regions of England? We explore some unusual terms  
Thanks for your message. We're looking into the issue.
We're glad you enjoyed it! The second 'rocket' is actually the firework, we've added a word or two to clarify that section.
And we're delighted that we could help!
You can get in touch with us at dictionariesThanks!
We're glad you enjoyed it!
That depends if you're speaking British English or American English! Here are the definitions: 
Cats AND language? That's our favourite combination! Explore some feline phrases.  
What has bread got to do with lords and ladies?  
From trousers to Tories: 7 unexpected Irish words in English  
Quiz: how well do you know the language of beer?  
Word of the Day: Lupercalia - an ancient Roman festival of purification and fertility…... 
Presidential quotations of a distinctly unpresidential nature for  
How do Republicans and Democrats insult each other? Find out…  
Are you thinking of learning more about continuous tenses?  
of the Week 
You might be surprised by the origin of the word 'serendipity'.  
A murmuration of starlings? Who decides on the right collective noun for something?  
Quiz: do you know the second half of these well-known phrases?  
"For we're celebrating 8 pairs of words that unexpectedly share an etymology.  
Test your knowledge of the language of love on  
"On learn 6 obsolete terms of endearments:  
"Goodbye, willy-nilly, and other words you didn't know were contractions.  
Hopefully we're not casting pearls before swine with our post about pig-based idioms.  
Word of the Day: bashert - (in Jewish use) a person's soulmate…... 
Are you a punctuation pedant or does it all leave you in a coma?  
To hyphenate or not to hyphenate? We've got the low-down.  
Quack quack or cocorico? What animals say around Europe:  
Take a look into the language of advertising slogans and how they work:  
How do the US and UK differ when it comes to attitudes towards dictionaries?  
Guest blogger Michael Erdman asks: is Arabic really a single language?  
Throwback to Word of the Year 2013: the year of the  
Triple or treble: what are the rules?  
Don't be phoney, explore the language of J.D. Salinger's The Catcher in the Rye?  
Quiz yourself: science or science fiction?  
Take a look at 10 words that came to life in 1914.  
Sort out 'all right' and 'alright' with our video.  
Word of the Day: emporium - a large retail store…... 
You've probably heard about George Orwell's Newspeak: take a closer look.  
We hear on the grapevine that some everyday expressions came from the American Civil War…  
"Bacterias, bacteriae, or bacterium? Explore some irregular plurals.  
We've looked around Europe for 7 emotions that English doesn't have a word for.  Sweary Snippets in Shakespeare: Henry V 
From monkey business to psychedelicatessen: illustrating the Word of the Day:  “Revamp”: A vamped up etymology  
"If hearing 'themself' makes you grind your teeth, you might want to read this…  
What's the evolution of the word 'evolution'?  
"Harry Potter isn't just a wizard, he's a linguistic innovator.  
You're the Wurst if you don't take a look at our German sausage idioms.  
"Fuggled, groggy, and schnockered: what have we called being drunk over time?  
Do we even need grammar? (Spoilers: we think so)  
"From Corgi to Shih-tzu, where do we get the names of dog breeds?  
Word of the Day: tohubohu - a state of chaos, utter confusion... 
Portmanbros are broliferating: where did it all start?  
Take a look at the language and influences of the early Bob Dylan.  
Wild horses couldn't drag you away from learning some horse idioms and proverbs.  
"From 'blatant' to 'blurb', here are 15 words invented by authors:  Saving a dying Siberian language  
which inventions were named after people?  
Quiz yourself on poetic devices. Let us know how you do!  
Ouch. That one hurt. “To hang out the broom” : servant for hire? a marital quarrel? a naval challenge?   Do you know what a greengrocer's apostrophe is?  
What has the word 'tragedy' got to do with goats?  
"From Bellini to Brandy Alexander, 9 drinks named after people.  
What does feeding the donkey sponge cake mean in Portuguese?  
Wait a moment! Here are 4 things to do before you start writing an essay.  
Word of the Day: douceur - a financial inducement, a bribe... 
Why is Bob your uncle? Why is Alex smart? We explain some name expressions.  
"Calm down, dear: how to avoid hyperbole in writing.  
A day in the life of a confused Brit in America by  
Confused by whose vs. who's?  
Some scoff that Yiddish is a dying language. But it has been making a remarkable comeback, writes Jared Samilow 
Look who's Tolkien now! Explore the world of invented languages:  
Did Downton Abbey make linguistic howlers? We investigate...  11 words we should all be using more often  
Video: when should you use 'less' and 'fewer'?  
"Good question, It's 'hear, hear' rather than 'here, here': Why is something “hermetically” sealed?  
Some words you need to learn the next time you head down to a speakeasy.  
Mmm… delicious. 12 word facts about cake.  
"Which came first, the chicken or the egg - linguistically speaking?  
"Learn about the Turing test, and give one a go yourself:  
Video: what's the difference between 'who' and 'whom'?  
Word of the Day: cholangiography - X-ray examination of the bile ducts…... 
Quiz: how well do you know the language of film?  
"Dust, fast, and bound are examples of contronyms: what does this mean?  
In which language can you argue yourself blue, green? Delve into worldwide colour idioms:  
Is incent a real word? Explore our post on the hypocrisy of hating back-formations:  
"If you're planning to see the new Dad's Army movie, here are 10 words you need to know:  At what age is it easiest to learn a second language?  8 words you need to survive the Hunger Games:  
Today is and where do these terms come from? 
Ahha! We hope your laptop feels better soon."Sorry to hear that, Peter. Could you contact us at dictionariesand we'll look into the issue?"
Did you know that a group of rhinoceros is a crash? Here are some others you might not know:  
"'Catholic' is found in Late Middle English, from Greek katholikos 'universal', from kata 'in respect of' + holos 'whole'."
Excellent! We're glad to hear it.
That looks the OED word of the day RSS feed! Our blog feed is  - is that the one you signed up for?
6 words you might well be mispronouncing:  
What's the difference between interpreting and translation?  
Quiz: do you know the working titles of famous novels?  
Our video answers the age-old question: is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?  
Word of the Day: septimal - relating to the number seven... 
Explore our interactive feature on loanwords in English:  
Love books? Then you'll also love 10 words for bibliophiles:  
Discover the delightful legacy of Hans Christian Andersen:  
Idioms related to storms and winds from other languages:  
Guest blogger takes 'dilemma' by its etymological horns:  
Pop open the bubbly and learn 9 word facts about champagne:  
What's going on with hopefully and thankfully?  
Top 100 International Exchange, Expats Blogs 2016  via 2016 is the Year of the Monkey. Where do monkeys feature in English?  
Celebrate with the etymology of some English words of Chinese origin:  
Enjoy the wit and wisdom of Mae West:  
Hello sailor! Take a look at some invisible nautical terms:  
Is Keanu Reeves a linguistic icon? Totally.  
Word of the Day: coulis - a thin fruit or vegetable puree…... 
Utepils: beer you drink outside (and 6 other foreign words you need to know).  
23 words you might be spelling incorrectly:  
Turn your words in speak with one simple click:  
of the Week 
Lost for words on Sunday? Here are 12 football terms you need to know:  
"Don't be a Scrooge; clap eyes on some words popularized by Dickens, born in 1812:  
Where do we get the word 'gasoline'? Find out!  
"Happy Birthday, James Murray! Here are 5 facts about the first editor:  
Guest blogger explores America's war on language:  
Stationery and stationary: what's the difference? Find out in our blog post:  
How old are hipsters? Older than you think…  
What is dreadtalk? Here's a quick introduction to Rastafarian language:  
Word of the Day: heliacal - relating to or near the sun... 
"Whichever time dimension you're from, take a look at the language of Doctor Who:  "Osculable, slonk, and 9 other amazing words we should all use more often:  
Quiz: how well do you know Tolkien's etymologies?  
Have a look through 100 words that define the First World War:  
Have you ever wondered what the Words of the Day would look like as images? Find out:  
Explore the toothy language of Buffy the Vampire Slayer:  
Grab yourself a cocktail and a flapper dress and discover 20 words from the 1920s:  
Should you treat collective nouns as singular or plural?  
"How I created the language of Game of Thrones, by  
"Curiosity might have killed the cat, but you'll be fine reading about cat idioms:  
Love books? See how well you know the names of literary characters…  
Word of the Day: dyslalia - inability to articulate comprehensible speech…... 
Quiz yourself by seeing how well you know historical synonyms:  
Before you put pen to paper - here are 10 tips on how to improve your writing:  
A is for apple… but where does the word come from?  
Going to the Here are 12 words you need to know:  
Where do we get the names 'freshman' and 'sophomore'?  
Take a dip into the Dictionary of American Regional English for some unusual terms:  
We feel you may also be wishing for a rabbit in a hat with a bat!? A very strange combination of things to desire. 
Let's talk about 'baller'…  
Does it matter if words have Greek AND Latin roots?  
Flashback to word of the year 2014: what is the origin of 'vape'?  
Get in the spirit of Jack Kerouac and find out where 'beatnik' came from:  
What's the dope on 'dope'?  
Word of the Day: crepuscule - twilight... 
Take a look at synonyms and the Oxford English Corpus:  
Facebook is 12 today - let's take a look at the impact it had on the English language:  
10 unusual synonyms of 'chew' to chew over:  
Explore different words for 'friend' around the world:  
Why couldn't the grammar cat help scratching people? Because it had insubordinate claws. Enid Blyton is quoted many times in the Which words does she provide evidence for?  
You can use either in British English. There's more info about ize/ise endings in our blog: 
Love this one! 
"Listen up, and explore Aretha Franklin's lyrics and the  
You've made us laugh ourselves into a comma. 
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They Drink. They Leave. Does 'ostracize' have anything to do with ostriches?  "Keep these coming, everyone! We love and more than we're willing to admit.  
"Haha! Well, you made us smile on a Thursday morning, so thanks! 
'Latino' (or 'Latina') is used of a person of Latin American origin or descent: 
But yes! 
"What does 'cracker-barrel' actually mean, and is it offensive?  
"So, how many people actually speak Klingon?  
How did J R R Tolkien help with the entry for 'hobbit'?  
Should you bother learning Esperanto?  
Word of the Day: monosemy - the property of having only one meaning... 
What puts the Latin in Latin America?  
'Into' isn't the same as 'in to': here are the rules for picking the right one  
"Lost Generation, Beat Generation, Baby Boomers… where do we get these names?  
Video: is a rabbit a rodent?  
Explore the role the words 'nonapology' and 'apology tour' play in US politics today:  
"In Japan, kotodama is the spirit of language: where does it come from and how does it work?  
"If you speak English and Spanish, you might want to watch out for these false friends:  Chucking out the “wood” in “woodchuck”  
Is English welcome in French - and can it be stopped?  
y'all is a contraction of you-all and it IS in the dictionary - look here: 
"If you've ever been tempted to take up figure skating, here are 10 words you need to know:  
Is Jersey Shore one of your guilty TV pleasures? Find out what they're talking about:  
Does a swashbuckler swashbuckle?  
Elicit or illicit? Make sure you know the difference:  
Word of the Day: wythe - a single thickness of bricks in masonry construction...... 
"Know any chatterboxes? From worder to prattle-box, here are some synonyms you can call them:  
"Who had the original sideburns, and where did they get their name?  
"Smeigh, solert, or ept? Here are some historical synonyms for 'clever':  
How new technologies are changing the face of libraries:  
"We can go one better than that,; 
"Shrove Tuesday is next week - but what is it, and what has it got to do with pancakes? 
"Find out which words born in 1882, contributed to the English language:  
We're glad you enjoyed it! Great suggestion, we've updated the post accordingly.
"So, what actually is a caucus?  
. We can confirm that 'your' is a possessive determiner: 
"Chips, fries, or crisps? Chip away at the differences between British and American English:  
Bon voyage! Learn how to say goodbye around the globe:  
"Today's so let's explore some groundhog etymologies:  
Arrrr! It feels like time to learn how to talk like a pirate:  
What are the rules about using 'among' and 'between'? Discover in our blog post:  
Word of the Day: tazza - a shallow wine cup mounted on a foot…... 
Which Oxford World's Classic should you read next? Take our quiz and find out:  
Here you go 
A ladybird/ladybug isn't a lady or a bird. Explore the curious history of the insect's name:  
Our guest blogger Tim William Machan investigates the fusion of Norwegian English:  
"Swearing, arguing, and made-up words: the language of the US Election  
"Happy 132nd birthday, Here are 8 words which share the same birthdate:  
Pow! How well do you know the language of comic books?  
February is History Month in the UK. Learn more about the lexicon of gender identity:  
Is the language barrier about to fall? Automatic translation tools set for rapid advances, writes 'Accept' and 'except' aren't the same: make sure you know the difference.  Here are the most beautiful words in 12 different languages  
Do you know when to use 'mitigate' and when to use 'militate'? Our blog post sorts them out:  
Help! Where did we get the terms SOS and Mayday? (We've got the answers.)  
Affect and effect can be tricky: quiz yourself to see how well you know the difference.  
When to use 'pedal' and when to use 'peddle'? Find out the answers in our blog post:  
Word of the Day: lipogram - writing in which a letter is systematically omitted…... 
Be careful what you say… did you know that these 9 terms had offensive origins?  
Did you know that a baby eel is an elver? Find out the names of other baby animals:  
of the Week 
What's the difference between empathy and sympathy?  
can you guess how old these words are?  
Do you know the language of ballet? Test yourself with our quiz:  
What is the origin of 'posh' and is it connected with ships? We have (some of) the answers:  
"Food named after people, from lamingtons to sandwiches:  
Word of the Day: bracero - a Mexican seasonal agricultural labourer in the US…... 
How to get 'can' and 'could' right:  
What's the origin of the phrase 'crocodile tears'?  
Explore some horse idioms in English and other languages in our blog post:  
How much do you really know about where your vocabulary comes from? Take the quiz:  
How difficult is it really to learn a language as an adult?  
Do you know the longest word cited in the dictionary?  
"Calm down, calm down. Here are 9 pronunciation arguments that you can stop having.  
which word originated in your birth year?  "How well do you know German idioms? Here are extra sausages, tap-dancing bears, and more.  
What are some other forms of worship besides idolatry?  
Ensure or insure? Our video can help you out with this 
"We say 'Tom, Dick, or Harry' in English: which placeholder names are used around the world?  
What's the longest word with just one syllable?  
usually this means 'to be honest'.
not suitable for work.Perhaps we should mark them 'NSFW'? 
"Lianne, you're not on your own! 
"Thanks, Lee. You shouldn't be seeing those anymore now."
Find out which Charles Dickens character you are:  
Alot or a lot? Along or a long? We explore when to split and when not to split.  
What should you call your baby? Try the baby name generator:  
Word of the Day: cueca - a lively South American dance... 
"What is a double negative, and is it OK to use them?  
"Are split infinitives wrong? Here are grammar myths you learned at school, debunked:  
Do you 'wreak havoc' or 'wreck havoc'?  
Have you got the skills to beat a 7 year old in a grammar test?  We're just sitting here using dictionaries independently.... 
Did you know that a baby rabbit is called a 'kitten'? Discover other baby animal names:  
Find out which Jane Austen heroine you are:  
Why isn't 'sheeps' the plural of 'sheep'… and what about minotaurs?  
Is it true that you cannot end a sentence with a preposition?  
Word of the Day: parhelion - a bright spot appearing by the sun…... 
What's the difference in meaning between imply and infer?  
What kind of mark have lyrics made on the English language?  
How good is your Indian English? Take our quiz and let us know:  
In 1582, English was used only by around 7 million, by the 21st c. 450 million spoke it worldwide  …",,Number of people learning a second by country  Explore the portmanteau in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland:  
Learn the differences between 'lie' and 'lay':  
Why do our swear words sound German? We look at curse words and the history of English.  
Ever wondered how Shakespearean your writing is? Now you have the chance to find out:  
Word of the Day: kore - an ancient Greek statue of a young woman…... 
Did you know there are words which describe the fear of idleness and even body odour?  
Australian animal words: do you know your salties from your roos?  
How well do you know Shakespearean quotations about money? Take our quiz and find out…  Using social media to reclaim language  
Our example sentences and the task of selecting them explained:  The untranslatable Scandinavian words for coziness describe a very particular winter joy How language can affect the way we think:  
how well do you know the language spoken down under?  Australian slang has influenced the English language around the world:  
"It's a great word, isn't it? Perhaps tricky to work into everyday conversation, but we're willing to give it a go."
Why we should use the plural pronoun 'they' instead of 'he or she': 
"Tired of the word 'weird'? Here are 17 alternatives, from 'ostrobogulous' to 'zonky'.
Discover the language of  
Word of the Day: banausic - not operating on an elevated level, mundane... 
"It's so let's take a look at the word 'kangaroo':  
The language of the  
Is a yam a sweet potato? Our video has the answers: 
Celebrate birthday with 5 beautiful quotations:  
You're very welcome!
"Some still don't like it, but that use of 'literally' has been around for a very long time - and it can't be called 'wrong'."
What impact did Virginia Woolf have on the English language?  What Lewis Carroll's 'Jabberwocky' teaches us about language and creativity:  
Free to read: how teens hooked on have developed their own language 
Confused about 'compliment' and 'complement'? Find out how to get it right:  
What is the origin of 'scot free'? Has it got anything to do with Scotland?  
How well do you know literary pseudonyms? Take our quiz and let us know how you did!  
Word of the Day: solecism - a grammatical mistake in speech or writing... 
Is it really wrong to use 'literally' in non-literal contexts?  
How do you use 'will' and 'shall' correctly in a sentence?  
of the Week 
Is it ok to use 'may' and 'might' interchangeably?  
Find out what kind of writer you are in our quiz:  
Why learning Chinese is not as difficult as you may think:  
Feeling friendly? Here's a map of the word 'friend' in various languages around the world:  
Why the widespread belief that the '-ize' spelling belongs only to American English is wrong  
"Word of the Day: masstige - mass-produced, relatively inexpensive goods marketed as luxurious…... 
Confused about  'affect' and 'effect'? Here's how to get it right:  
"On whet your appetite with these baking idioms:  
4/4 You can find out more about where our example sentences come from here: 
3/4 We'll review the primary example sentence used for 'rabid'.
2/4 'rabid fan' now has the highest frequency in the Oxford Corpus, 'rabid supporter' also frequent.
1/4 We were flippant in some of our tweets yesterday. Sorry.
What's a 'vomitorium'? Here are 6 unusual words with surprising meanings:  
How social media is influencing the language we use:  
'Biscuit' and 'cookie' - what's the difference between these two?  
What's the difference between 'advise' and 'advice'?  
Did you know that many spells in the Harry Potter books have Latin roots?  
Is it 'loose' or 'lose'? Here's some advice on how to choose the right spelling:  
"Word of the Day: precognition - foreknowledge of an event, especially as a form... 
"On test your knowledge of the vocabulary of handwriting:  
Why doesn't the plural of sheep take an 's'?  
Video: Is a coconut a nut?  
We'd certainly love to see a rise in the number of positive uses!
"Btw, 'rabid' isn't always negative, and our example sentences come from real-world use and aren't definitions: 
"Our point is that 'rabid' isn't necessarily a negative adjective, and that example sentence needn't be negative either."
If only there were a word to describe how strongly you felt about feminism…  
Prepare for by reading about some English idioms with 'pie' and 'cake':  
Lord Byron was born in 1788. Learn more about his innovative use of language:  
"Clothes, shenanigans, and 10 other nouns that are always plurals:  
"In a nutshell, cutting the mustard by the skin of your teeth: popular 
idioms explained  
Did you know that 'squirrel' literally means 'shadow-tail'? More interesting word facts:  
Word of the Day: niveous - snowy or resembling snow... 
How is your British English? Test yourself:  
Sort your dashes from your dots with 6 punctuation marks you might be misusing:  
"is trending after it was used in the House of Commons debate about Donald Trump, but what does it mean? 
'Told' is about conveying information and 'said' is speaking more broadly. You can find out more at 
From umbeclap to smuggle: we look at old ways to say 'hug' for  
Take our quiz on Janus words (and find out what they are!):  
"You might find this page on 'bored of' vs 'bored with' useful, and Why English is such a difficult language to learn     
"Ay, caramba! What has The Simpsons contributed to the English language?  
Definitely and defiantly are definitely not the same… make sure you don't make this mistake:  
The question you've always asked… which punctuation mark ARE you?  
Word of the Day: choreology - the notation of dance movement... 
What is the Oxford comma and when should you use it? Our video explains:  
Not a myth (surprisingly)!
You got it!
How did the teddy bear get its name?  
Happy Find out what the origin of the word 'penguin' is:  Help us in the search for the most beautiful word! Give your vote here:  How do new elements get named?  Find out what it takes to create a whole new language for a film in the latest episode of Why some people find learning a language harder than others  
What's the difference between 'may' and 'might'? We have the answers:  The last taboos: which words are now truly unacceptable in America and Britain and why?  
All quotations seem to be from Shakespeare or the Bible: can you disentangle the two?  
Ever wondered which character from The Hunger Games book series you are?  
What actually is a second cousin once removed? Find out…  
Word of the Day: flews - the thick hanging lips of a bloodhound…... 
Who? Whom? We'll help you make sure you always get it right:  
Happy birthday Our blog post gives some stats about her lyrics:  
Celebrate by finding out whether you can match the film with the book:  
Strong work All the best people are semi-colons. 
How do you use 'that' and 'which' correctly in a sentence? Find out in our video:  
How ""they"" is going from plural to singular, in the name of un-gendering language:  
5 words you didn't know were acronyms:  
Excellent news, do let us know the results. And we are delighted at your word of the day!  
You're very welcome! Glad it was helpful.
We all love chocolate - so indulge in ten facts about the word itself:  
"What's a dangling participle, and how can you avoid them? Our blog post has the answers:  
Less or fewer? Our blog post will clear up any confusion:  
Word of the Day: approbation - approval or praise... 
Investigate the inventive worlds of Edgar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft:  
Dive into the language of comics:  
Feeling bright? Learn 8 historical synonyms for 'clever' this  
Saucy!   Celebrate A.A. Milne's birthday by exploring his writing:  
Rein or reign: when should you use which?  
"Are you a nice bully? Well, it depends when you're asked:  
"Enjoy some obsolete endearments, you flitter-mouse.  
Word of the Day: bedight - adorned... 
We explore Martin Luther King's impressive rhetoric for  
Dido? Achilles? Penelope? Find out which classical character you are:  
of the Week 
"Can you end sentences with prepositions? The answer may surprise:
"You spell potatoe, I spell potato, let's… make sure we know which is right:  
Where did 'mind yours Ps and Qs' come from?  
But is it ok to start a sentence with a conjunction?  
"Pencil, walrus, or Fu Manchu: explore different names for moustaches:  
Word of the Day: arboriculture - the cultivation of trees and shrubs... 
Imply or infer: do you know when to use which?  
Enjoy the swishwiffling language of Roald Dahl  
Video: is a turtle a reptile? 
Make sure you know the difference between 'principle' and 'principal' with our handy tips:  
Do you know what Mrs and Ms are short for? Our blog post explains all:  
Test yourself with our poetry first lines quiz:  
Explore the in two minutes in our interactive feature:  
"Since the plural of 'goose' is 'geese', why isn't 'meese' the plural of 'moose'?  
"Coffee, giraffe, sofa, and other everyday English words from Arabic
Word of the Day: eudaemonism - a system of ethics based on maximizing happiness…... 
Explore some words you'll need for tea with the vicar:  
Mischievous' or 'mischievious': do you always get it right?  
Video: what is a truncation? Why not Sheffield Tuesday? on origins of, other football teams' names:  
Thanks for your reply, Can't wait to read it! Check out our word today! 
A reply is on the way: we're delighted that children are engaged with issues of language and communication. 
we don't think people will be forgetting them any time soon.
"Pulp Fiction, Withnail; I, and other cult films quoted in the  
"Bruschetta, epitome, and 8 other tricky pronunciations:  Is the word 'ghetto' racist?  via Tired of the word 'awesome'? Here are 18 words to use instead:  
"If you've ever been unsure whether to use 'passed' or 'past', we can clear up any doubt:  
Do you know the origin of the word 'twerk'?  
Word of the Day: dysphoria - a state of unease or dissatisfaction with life...... 
"With nominations out, we explore name origins of Tony, Emmy, and more:  
OUP gives Calais camp refugees a hand with English dictionaries  viaVocabulary can be a juggling act -how can you help your students find the right words?  
How does Hollywood use Latin?  
The Great British Debate: how do YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
The totes amazesh way millennials are changing the English language
That's most likely to be 'idyllic'   
Video: adding and other viral slang to Oxford Dictionaries  via 
How do you pluralize 'sister-in-law' - and how *should* you do it?  
Runny nose or rhinorrhea: how much do you actually know about the language of medicine?  
Word of the Day: remuage - the periodic turning or shaking of bottled wine...... 
"What does 'decimate' actually mean? Pedants, beware.  
Where did 'okey-dokey' come from? Our blog post has the answers:  
27 unusual origins of London tube stations' names:  
"not as far as we're aware, but a murderer has contributed to it: How to Master a New Language in 2016 
Stop fighting! Here are 5 language arguments you can stop having:  
"Hey, you might want to read this blog post, which explains the problem in a bit more detail The four common words even smart people misuse 
Thanks for flagging this! We've now corrected it.,,Why people say 'sorry' so much 
How well do you know the last lines of classic novels? Let us know how you do!  
Ance' and 'ence' endings can be tricky: our blog post offers some tips:  
Word of the Day: parlando - expressive or declamatory in the manner of speech...... 
Celebrate by reading an interview with poet Rosanna Oh:  
"Make sure you know the difference between their, there, and they're:
died 40 years ago today: what were her contributions to the  
That's great! Tweet us when you've posted it.
well done!
"Even if you've never been, you've probably heard all these New York City words before  
"What are the differences between must, should, and ought?Challenge the status quo and look at English words of Latin origin:  
How old is LOL? Here are 5 words that are older than you think:  For what have we called teenagers over time?  
"Is it different from, than, or to? Find out in our blog post:  
"Unsure what 'revenant' in means? 'A person who has returned, especially supposedly from the dead'. 
How did the months get their names?  
Confused about 'effect' and 'affect'? This quick visual guide will help you out:  
Do you know what 'noisome' and 'crepuscular' mean? Learn these and other unusual words:  
How good is your American English? Test yourself and find out!  
Word of the Day: musicology - the study of music as an academic subject...... 
"It's day, so why not explore how to say 'thank you' around the globe?  
ICYMI: Word of the Day: objurgate - rebuke severely, scold  
of the Week 
Can you recognize these classic last lines?  
How many words begin with 'x'? 
Word of the Day: objurgate - rebuke severely, scold... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: doxology - a liturgical formula of praise to God  
Pregnancy metaphors from around the world:  
Quiz: American phrases to confuse Brits  
What is a mnemonic? 
Word of the Day: doxology - a liturgical formula of praise to God... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: chanteuse - a female singer of popular songs...  
"Pig, dog, hog, and other etymologies from the farm:  
Quiz: British phrases to confuse Americans  
Winged words: the language of aviation  
All you never knew you wanted to know about the language of hawking:  
"From to the words that defined 2015, part two:  
A tale of two militias: finding the right label for the Oregon protests  
Toilet or lavatory? How words Britons use betray national obsession with class  by via Word of the Day: chanteuse - a female singer of popular songs... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: loungecore - easy-listening music  
"From satire to transgender: the words that defined 2015, part one  
17 Italian pronunciations to help you avoid awkward dinner dates:  
"We do, and you can find out more information here.   
what's the difference between the words 'militia' and 'terrorism'?  
Th phrase 'currying favour' has a rather unexpected history. Our video gives you the facts:  
"Pig, dog, and hog: explores the etymologies from the farm  Are you U? An article I wrote on language and class 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: celebutante - a celebrity well known in fashionable society...  
How well do you know New York City food slang?  
How Latin outlived the Romans:  
12 dog breed names and their origins:  
It's no wonder our perennial  to lose weight fail. Just look to the history of ""treadmill"": 
"Mochy, mizzly, or mothery? Ten regional words to describe the weather:  
"Old words for new: computer, discs, and magazines  Scallop or potato cake? 2015 Linguistic Roadshow maps differences in  
Word of the Day: celebutante - a celebrity well known in fashionable society...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cosplay - the practice of dressing up as a character 
The names of the Seven Dwarfs:  
"Language 'for the birds': the origins of 'jargon', 'cant', and other forms of gobbledygook  
Why do we love to give people and places nicknames?  
'License' or 'licence': what's the difference?  
Where does the expression 'currying favour' come from?  
Well done!
How did mountains get their names?  
Quiz: how well do you know archaic animal names?  Can animals be said to use language in a meaningful way?  
You make us blush! Whip Ma Whop Ma Gate is thought to commemorate the whipping post and pillory that stood on the street.
We aren't experiencing any issues that we know of. What seems to be the problem?
ICYMI: Word of the Day: chateaubriand - a thick fillet of beef steak...  
Terms and phrases from trains and railways:  
Bridges in the  
An apple idiom a day…  
"Happy Birthday, JRR Learn about the professor's contribution to the  
How well do you know New York City food slang?  
9 word facts about champagne:  Is an international auxiliary language enough to truly bring people together?  
Dutch has contributed many words to English including yacht, easel, cookie, and freight. Do you know how the new year is going to turn out? Here are 9 synonyms for 'predict':  
"You are in luck, 'affluenza' is already in   
Which side of the debate do you fall down on?
Sorry to hear that, which page are you trying to access?
"Ah, entirely unintentional! Perhaps our A-Z of vegetables and vegetarianism will help? 
How language is changing: Why we need new pronouns, 2015's hottest words; more 
Word of the Day: chateaubriand - a thick fillet of beef steak... 
Word of the Day: smorzando - (especially as a direction) dying away... 
Word of the Day: mumpish - sullen, sulky... 
S novym godom: Russian New Year traditions  
Word of the Day: patzer - a poor player at chess... 
"First feet, black buns, and hansels: the language of Scottish New Year's traditions  
Do the loco-motion: terms we've borrowed from trains and railways:  
Word of the Day: finito - finished... 
Video: what is the origin of the word 'ye'?  
Word of the Day: clairaudience - the supposed faculty of perceiving what is inaudible...... 
"Which words defined 2015? From satire to trasngender, we look at the first six months:  
Word of the Day: discerption - the action of pulling something apart... 
Video: is a banana a fruit or a herb?  
Word of the Day: corrigendum - a thing to be corrected...... 
Word of the Day: Oceanid - a sea nymph... 
Word of the Day: matinal - relating to or taking place in the morning... 
Word of the Day: rufescent - tinged with red... 
What does 'blatant' mean?  
"Day 24: Merry Christmas, everyone! 
Need a new word to call someone a fool? Try the Australian slang term 'gazob'.
Word of the Day: epenthesis - inserting a sound or letter within a word…... 
Yikes! Here's the correct URL: 
Day 23: Xmas 
Word of the Day: psionic - relating to the practical use of psychic powers...... 
Day 22: yule 
Word of the Day: wintry - characteristic of winter...... 
Day 21: eggnog 
"Eh, on Twitter, caps lock kind of comes with the territory."
Did we almost have Fneezy as one of the Seven Dwarfs?  
Word of the Day: gibus - a kind of collapsible top hat... 
Day 20: angel 
Word of the Day: passeggiata - a leisurely walk or stroll...... 
Day 19: gift 
Word of the Day: apodictic - clearly established or beyond dispute... 
"Uh, duh? Ha! Delighted to hear it.
"Also, I see your typing vape and raise you by typing emoji. 
"UH, OBVIOUSLY."
Day 18: punch 
"Oh, we'll be keeping a tab on that one for sure.",,Thousands of refugees arrived in Europe this year. is making Arabic resources freely available to help Which everyday English words came from Arabic? by 
"Thanks That made us ho, ho, ho."
Word of the Day: twilit - dimly illuminated by or as if by twilight... 
Embiggening English: The Simpsons and changing language  
Day 17: merry 
"Granny chic, Mx, and the Bank of Mom and Dad: new words in the  
We do indeed. You can see a list of our apps here: 
Good luck!
Word of the Day: cowabunga - used to express delight or satisfaction... 
Yep! That baffled me as well.
Which one?!
"Well, the word 'computer' itself is 400+ years old..."
"Hey, that's pretty good! Our UK office was befuddled by the US version (and vice versa!)."
Glad to hear it! "Well, we've got the definition for 'fleek', so that's got to count for something? 
Computers are 400+ years old? Find out more in guest post about borrowed words  
Day 16: bread Idiom: To kill two birds with one stone. How is this idiom in your  
"Er, we think you dropped something, Greg. Word of the Day: ritornello - a short instrumental refrain in a vocal work...... 
'Secondary debate' or 'undercard debate'? Emerging terms from the 2016 election cycle:  
"Face with Tears of Joy, indeed!",,Try the lolcat generator:   - when you're feeling catty and standard English just won't…
"Throwing shade, are we?"
Day 15: pudding 
Excellent work (but we're not surprised!)
Even though you no longer speak the language, it still influences how the brain processes language learning later on The words and phrases journalists love to hate  
"Hopefully neither while typing that question, but you would write 'I am having sex' rather than 'I am doing sex'."
Good spot! We've changed the post now.
Word of the Day: misanthrope - person who dislikes humankind and avoids human society... 
On the word 'mastermind' in relation to the Paris attacks: 
9 monkey phrases for  
How did mountains get their names?  
Word of the Day: hackathon - an event where people collaborate on computer programming…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: vaticinate - foretell the future  
of the Week 
Video: what is a mnemonic? 
Day 13: macaron 
Word of the Day: vaticinate - foretell the future... 
Word of the Day: intermittent - occurring at irregular intervals, not continuous or steady  
The language of  
British and American terms: road travel 
Day 12: wassail 
Word of the Day: intermittent - occurring at irregular intervals, not continuous or steady... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: orator - an eloquent or skilled public speaker...  
Reflections on language by Zadie Smith:  
Watch out for these word differences between British and American fashion terms: 
Day 11: manger 
Good example of language changing with technology. We'll put it on our watch list. 
"On explore how mountains got their names:  
It's like a museum tour on your computer! Thanks for sharing. 
Peter Pan collars and other literary eponyms:  What is a dangling participle?  ICYMI: Word of the Day: decrescent - (of the moon) waning...  
How did jazz musicians end up with all those nicknames?  
Differences in food names between the US and Britain: 
How do you spell Chanukah? (Hanukkah? Hanukah? Chanukkah?)  
Day 10: tinsel 
"How about Verkehrswegeplanungsbeschleunigungsgesetz, The rise of global English:  
Words with a perspective: German compound words  
"So have brought together the years' best emoji research.
"We've given it our best shot. How close were we, 
Word of the Day: decrescent - (of the moon) waning... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: moratorium - a temporary prohibition of an activity...  
How did the chemical elements get their names?  
Doubled consonants in English: why is there only one 'b' in habit but two in rabbit?  
"Are these quotes from Star Wars, Star Trek, or Battlestar Galactica?  
Day 9: Rudolph 
It always changes. 
What is the longest German word and how are German compound words formed?  
5 words that are older than you think:  
The language of pottery:  
Word of the Day: moratorium - a temporary prohibition of an activity... 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: famulus - an assistant, especially for a magician or scholar…...  
Quiz: quotation or misquotation?  
Can you get a perfect (1300) score on the  
Day 8: turkey 
The Great Pottery Throw Down and language:  
The origins of cookie names:  
5 facts you probably didn't know about editor James Murray:  
"Word of the Day: famulus - an assistant, especially for a magician or scholar…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: sennet - trumpet call signalling an actor's entrance or exit......  
"American phrases to confuse Brits:  
...and British phrases to confuse Americans: 
A long, wry 130th birthday letter from America on 'soccer', a quintessentially English word. 
How difficult is it to learn Russian?  
"'Intelligence Officer': a gentleman and patriot, or a scoundrel seeking reputational refuge?  
Does learning a second language lead to a new identity?  
"5 facts you probably didn't know about James Murray, first Editor of the  
Video: what is the longest one-syllable word?  
29 ways to say no:  
Word of the Day: sennet - trumpet call signalling an actor's entrance or exit...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: paronym - a word deriving from another with related meaning…  
"Deadly games, a blaze, and a song: book titles in translation  Day 6: Happy 
Word of the Day: paronym - a word deriving from another with related meaning…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: thrive - grow or develop well or vigorously...  
A little bit of pixie dust: five of contributions to the English language  
Day 5: 'gingerbread' 
Are you a brainiac (1975)? Take the and guess when these words entered the English language: 
Word of the Day: thrive - grow or develop well or vigorously...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: machinima - use of video game software for animated filmmaking…...  
Facebook: a language  
"Well, there is this: 
Consider it!
Sure! 
"Well, sure...if you're British? Have a try at the other one: 
Video: affect or effect? 
Biscuit vs. cookie: a transatlantic debate  
"It's normally heard as 'picking', but 'plucking' is certainly an existing variation."
Day 4: 'The old woman is picking her geese' 
Quiz: British phrases to confuse Americans  Why is Christmas 'merry?' How do you spell Chanukah? Settle these conundrums in this month's Oxford Comment. 
Finding wisdom in Old English:  OMG! We literally can't even. (Welcome to death by Internet hyperbole.)  
Tired of Santa? How about the  
"We had some issues with the 'randomized answers' function, which should be fixed now. Thanks for bringing it to our attention."
Word of the Day: machinima - use of video game software for animated filmmaking…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: diel - denoting or involving a period of twenty-four hours...  
16 quotations:  
"Good catch! More like 'in great quanity', not 'in great excess'. Thanks for the tip! 
British friends! Can you guess what these American English phrases mean?  
Video: is a zebra a horse? 
Silver houses and marmalade castles: interpreting The Nutcracker  
Our UK office is 'silk.desk.update'. Find out where you are with Last chance to join the mini-word marathon: Book your place:  
Are longer English words falling out of use because of texting and tweeting?  Fancy yourself a detective? Explore the season's most baffling conundrums in this month's Oxford Comment. 
Bible or Bard: can you identify whether these quotations are from Shakespeare or the Bible?  
8 words every gamer needs to know:  
Day 3 
Sam is feeling a bit of a nincompoop (1673) for only getting 1/5 on the Timeline Challenge. Can you do better? 
"the OED currently dates it to 1975. If you have earlier evidence, you can submit it to oed.ukCan you get a perfect score on the Timeline Challenge?  
Word of the Day: diel - denoting or involving a period of twenty-four hours... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: nummy - (of food) delicious...  
Car (1320) was older than Amy thought. How will you do on the Timeline Challenge?  
Quiz: which character are you?  
What are the origins of lord and lady?  Being bilingual is good for the brain because different languages open avenues of thought.  
Love words? Can you get a perfect score on the Timeline Challenge?  
Walking in a winter wonderland . . . of words:  
"Day 2 
 In the 1900s Santa became more popular than Jesus in English language book mentions  
Emojis are the most advanced form of language known to man
The 58 most commonly misused words and phrases  via Word of the Day: nummy - (of food) delicious... 
Word of the Day: procrastinate - delay or postpone action, put off doing something...  
Do you know your Sassenachs from your gutties? Take our Scottish words quiz:  
is 80 today - here are 16 of his best quotations:  
10 tricky pronunciations:  
Infographic: Chinese language facts  
Well THAT is unfortunate...!
10 tips to improve your writing:  
Video: what is the origin of the word 'penguin'?  
Day 1 8 Great Business Words We Don't Have in English 
The plural can be either 'mouses' or 'mice'. 
Word of the Day: procrastinate - delay or postpone action, put off doing something... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: troposphere - the lowest region of the atmosphere......  
"That's because many of them were popularized in a US context, although lots of them do also appear in British and World English."
What are the origins of generation names?  
"Critters, jitters, and transmitters: the history of the word 'bug'  
For auld lang syne: the origins of some Scottish words  
Can you guess who coined these words?  
How well do you know Scottish words and phrases?  14 Scottish phrases you probably haven't heard of - and what they mean  Take a trip through time and discover the history of the English language.  
How countries in Oceania got their names:  
12 ways to call someone a fool:  
Word of the Day: troposphere - the lowest region of the atmosphere...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: telic - directed or tending to a definite end...  
of the Week 
Video: is a jellyfish a fish? 
From jumbles to gingersnaps: the origins of cookie names  
Word of the Day: telic - directed or tending to a definite end...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: hepcat - a stylish or fashionable person...  
The origin of Black Friday and other Black Days:  
Video: what is the opposite of…? 
Where the dickens did that word come from?  
Word of the Day: hepcat - a stylish or fashionable person...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: psychogeography - study of the environment's influence on the mind…  
How to say 'thank you' in 28 languages:  
The lexicon of consumerism and America's Christmas season:  Oxford University Press has been working in Africa for 100 years, is the leading dictionaries publisher in S Africa 
Why is called 'Black Friday'?  
"We asked you what your Word of the Year was, and here are the results: 
The many 'sides' of and the English language:  
What will the English language be like in 100 years?  by viaAre you a Take this about opening lines in different books to find out! Know more than one language? How your bilingual brain could pay dividends 
"It's been around since at least 1905, believe it or not."
Word of the Day: psychogeography - study of the environment's influence on the mind…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: blepharospasm - involuntary tight closure of the eyelids...  
Find out which 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland' character you are most like:  
"The Mayflower Compact, America's first written constitution:  
From 1621 to 1863: giving thanks for new words of old  
More than just moccasins: American Indian words in English  Guest blogger investigates the many 'sides' of  A literary history of the English language in one map  
"It's so here are 11 baking idioms to whet your appetite:  
Happy Learn how to say 'thank you' in 28 languages:  
Word of the Day: blepharospasm - involuntary tight closure of the eyelids... 
Word of the Day: pataphysics - the philosophy of an imaginary realm beyond metaphysics...  
'Advise' and 'advice': what's the difference?  
6 punctuation marks you might be using incorrectly:  
English is chock-a-block with invisible nautical terms:  
Duly noted!
Any meaning in particular? ,)
Shakespeare's false friends:  
9 ways to call someone a 'liar':  Branching out: tree idioms and phrases  Word of the Day: pataphysics - the philosophy of an imaginary realm beyond metaphysics…... 
Word of the Day: prelapsarian - innocent and unspoilt......  
You're actually referring to the - Oxford Dictionaries also offers a free English dictionary: 
How well do you know literary characters?  
12 nouns that are always plurals:  
So 'trigger' isn't quite satisfying enough?
On culinary vocabulary:  
The evolution of the word 'evolution':  
What's the difference between 'advise' and 'advice'?  
Find out which Roald Dahl character you are:  
"We like you, Lexie! And we like that you're an Oxford Comma Advocate too."
What would have been the Word of the Year in 1915?  
Sizzle, sandwich or sausage in bread? Mapping the differences in the Australian language  'Evitable' actually is in the (meaning 'avoidable') but hasn't been in much use since the 19th century.
Word of the Day: prelapsarian - innocent and unspoilt...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: favicon - a browser icon associated with a particular website…...  
Mooselookmeguntic and Sopchoppy: America's lakes and rivers  
"Ah, the scourge of autocorrect... 
You can learn a bit more here: 
"Nope! Or, well, not from the online version. Given that space is an issue with print dictionaries, yes, some words are removed."
Native American loanwords in the English language:  
'Flapper' is Word of the Year 1915!  
9 monkey phrases and their meanings:  
I'm not sure I'd want the pressure of being CEO of intelligent society. Executive VP, maybe..."
How the saxophone got its name: an A-Z of instruments  
"not really, you silly :)"
"We regret to inform you that we're shutting down. Jenn, the CEO of intelligent society, says we're not needed. 
Quiz: which Roald Dahl character are you?  
"'False friends' in French, Spanish, and Italian:  
Advise or advice?  
Or more communicative? 
"The team at asks, in response to are emojis words? 
Word of the Day: favicon - a browser icon associated with a particular website…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: entoptic - (of visual images) occurring inside the eye...  
of the Week 
Should you use 'licence' or 'license'? Our video explains the differences:  
Beyond words: how language-like is emoji?  
Word of the Day: entoptic - (of visual images) occurring inside the eye...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: stereognosis - the mental perception of depth by the senses…  
Unpresidential presidential quotations in the  
Video: female word equivalents 
Word of the Day: stereognosis - the mental perception of depth by the senses…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: bao - a Chinese steamed bread roll…...  
Can you tell which of these quotations are real and which are fake?  
"Indeed, let's not forget the intentional double negative!"
How social media is changing language:  
The advantage of 'trans':  "Uh, YOU are on fleek!"
Video: how many words are there in the English language? We love the Word of the Year shortlist cats from  😹😹😹 
"You mean that our, er, licence has been revoked?"
The language of Thomas Hardy:  
"Thanks for clarifying. For a minute there, we thought you might be joking. 
'License' or 'licence': what's the difference?  Why Dickens would have loved 'Tears of joy' emojis   
"Here's an interview about with our President, Casper Grathwohl. 
I think you might mean to direct this one at us... The is a completely different dictionary. 
Word of the Day: bao - a Chinese steamed bread roll…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: tumulus - an ancient burial mound, a barrow...  
"If you liked that, here's another post! 
"Most know what an acronym is, but what is a 'backronym'?  
Yes! We just added it back in August: 
We 'burned' words recently! Sort of what you had in mind? 
Respecting the Shelley reference.
Beefcakes and Barbarians: the language of the macho man  
"Further thoughts on emoji, and TV from 
It's a toughie!
A lot of people would agree! That's likely the reason we don't see that emoji in ads and such, 'joy' doesn't quite come across.
The one that continues to confound us is this one:  ...still not sure where the triumph is?
We're just going by Unicode naming conventions! Check them out here: What's the difference between European and Brazilian Portuguese?  
We're going to pull the classic dictionary move and say: 'Either!' (Though not in US English.)
"Cheers, slainte, bottoms up… the language of beer:  
We note the plural as 'secretaries general' in ODE 
Quiz: quotation or misquotation?  
"By Jove! He's got it!
5 tips for becoming a better creative writer:  
Emojis are the most advanced form of language known to man
31 commonly confused words to watch out for:  
Word of the Day: tumulus - an ancient burial mound, a barrow... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: sequacious - lacking independence or originality of thought...  
absolutely!
Of Cabbages and Kings: five ways to talk about translation  
Nursery rhymes: time capsules of language  
Totally! Love your podcast(s)!
"forgetting the link, of course... 
"For more on check out delightful episode!  
Analysing what Shakespeare has to say about gender:  
"More info about why 'upstander' doesn't currently meet criteria for inclusion. Keep using it, though, and we'll see!"
How well do you know the language of theatre?  
Why emoji can be even more powerful than words. My take on naming emoji WoTY 
11 acronyms that are actually 'backronyms':  
How well do you know your emojis? Take our quiz:  
Doris Lessing: another world of words  Master: 👴?Master: 😱Mr Bumble: 👦?🍲Holmes: 😉Holmes: 🎒🎌🎈🎁🏡 😌Prof discusses in an article by about in today's 
Crying with laughter: how we learned how to speak emoji 'Emoji aren't just splash of colour.They can, will be used in a court of law against you'  Word of the Day: sequacious - lacking independence or originality of thought...... 
Word of the Day: emoji - A small digital image or icon used to express an idea or emotion  
Where's the quinoa? 
"We all know that's what Emily really meant to write, right? Life pre-emoji..."
".Glad to learn we're of the same mind when it comes to emoji! (Oh, and killer tune Find out what else made the shortlist:  
As in the stuff that's now thrown? We love that new sense! It was added it back in August: 
made our shortlist. explains where it came from:  
has been shortlisted for Here's how has used it:  
Doesn't Scrabble already accept some strange things as playable words? 
Usage of the word more than tripled in 2015. Cheshire Cat: 👆 👇 👈 👉Cheshire Cat: 😺
So we're using emojis for everything now? Here's a classic convo: Elizabeth: 😂These are definitely tears of joy. Oxford Dictionaries word of the year is hard to put into words  "Here's discussing one of our candidates:  Our runner-up has been in the news quite a lot this year:  A piece I wrote for the OUP Blog on the Word of the Year: Word of the Year will make you laugh. Or cry. Or both.  ".Well, he'd certainly love your quiz!"Glad you approve!,,Oxford Dictionary's 'word' of the year is an emoji  .How did you get an interview with 😂 when even we couldn't manage it?Thanks for the suggested alternatives Oxford Dictionaries' Word of the Year isn't actually a word at all 😂😂😂  Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year Is an Emoji —  Oxford Dictionary swaps Word of the Year for public's favourite emoji  2015's Word of the Year isn't even a word  The Word of the Year 2015 isn't actually a word. It's an emoji 😂 
What would be your Word of the Year? Tell us in the poll:  Oxford Dictonaries picks an emoji for its 2015 Word of the Year  
"OUCH. ""Tragically out-of-touch old person""? Gee, we're only 17! You might be thinking of the At 131, the is WAY old.""Sorry about the apocalypse, we guess?"
"At the moment, we don't have any plans to add emojis to the dictionary."
We're preparing ourselves to make that clarification about a million times in the next few days...Norwegian English: a fusion language  
'Betterer' is indeed a word in our dictionary - but we should add that it's a noun!
7 language facts you didn't know about Robert Louis Stevenson:  
What can we say? We know when something is outstandingly good.
What an excellent drawing! Thanks for sharing it.
We're delighted that the Oxford Arabic Dictionary was Highly Commended at the ISG awards. ICYMI: Word of the Day: titivate - make minor enhancements to  
of the Week 
The evolution of the word 'evolution':  
Word of the Day: titivate - make minor enhancements to... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: aquavit - an alcoholic spirit made from potatoes... 
Why did the zebra cross the road? The language of driving in the US and UK:  
16 words from the 1960s:  
Why did Tolkien use archaic language?  
Word of the Day: aquavit - an alcoholic spirit made from potatoes...... 
Word of the Day: aptronym - a person's name considered appropriate to their occupation...  
9 words to use instead of 'toilet':  
About that dividing by zero definition? DM us and we can get to work on it 
A linguistic history of the word 'toilet':  
What is the word for people who collect…? 
From muggle to whizzpopper: invented words in children's literature  
"To celebrate 'unbirthday', Lena from looks at his language:  
"*sigh* Some struggle with euphemism, I suppose."
"If usage continues and expands, it's a real possibility! More info here: 
"If roses were called stench-blossoms, would they smell as sweet?  
Plain unlucky! From hapless hunters to unfortunate accidents:  The adjustments that made Old English easier to speak created a strange, awkward language:  
As the Oxford Dictionary of English Etymology concludes, ""pyramid"" is...""of alien origin"":  Word of the Day: aptronym - a person's name considered appropriate to their occupation...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: explicate - analyse and develop (an idea) in detail......  
Glad you're excited about that word! You can read more about it here: 
It's worth noting that it's usually used humorously - apologies if you were excited to read about that venerable history! ,)
Quiz: can you tell which words originated in science fiction and which in science?  
5 composers and how to pronounce them:  
"""Making a call"", presumably?"
Towering achievements: everyday objects named after French people  Tired of the word 'toilet'? Here are some alternatives:  
Labouring language: the changing vocabulary of childbirth  
Red and yellow and pink and green... Where do the names for the different colours come from?  
Word of the Day: explicate - analyse and develop (an idea) in detail...... 
Word of the Day: hippotherapy - horse riding used as therapeutic or rehabilitative treatment  
'Compliment' or 'complement'?  
"Argh, muggins, and pleasure boat: diarists in the  
Lily-white hands and scarlet gowns: formulas in British traditional ballads  
"The jury is out! We wrote about 'cyber' a while ago; sometimes it seems dated, but sometimes not: 
Woman, 81, who is last remaining speaker of a Native language arduously creates dictionary:  ht…"
Italian loanwords in the English language:  
"James Murray had 11 children, all of whom helped in the compilation of the  
Colours and their connotations:  
The language of the First World War:  
Word of the Day: hippotherapy - horse riding used as therapeutic or rehabilitative treatment...... 
Word of the Day: calligram - an image formed from letters or words…...  
"Ah, yes, not the wisest move ..."
How well do you know your US city nicknames?  
How did the teddy bear get its name?  
Worder to prattle box: what to call the talkative person in your life  
What is the origin of Welsh rabbit?  
'Compliment' or 'complement': what's the difference?  Differences in human language are driven by factors like climate and environment around us  
German loanwords in the English language:  Do you like wine? See if you can translate any of these wine related words:  
Where does the expression 'apple of discord' come from?  The battle over Inuktitut: the native language of Canada's Inuit  
Word of the Day: calligram - an image formed from letters or words…... 
Word of the Day: Gleichschaltung - standardization of institutions in authoritarian states…  
"Indeed! We have another batch coming soon, so we may work that one into the mix."
From warring rutabagas to human beef: the wonderful world of typos  
The origins of beat and beatnik:  
Video: British and American spelling  
Advise or advice?  
Part 2 is in the works!
11 popular expressions explained:  
Quiz: which opposite came first?  
9 pronunciation arguments you can stop having:  How many wine-related words can you translate?  
It is! 
Word of the Day: Gleichschaltung - standardization of institutions in authoritarian states…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: midinette - a seamstress in a Parisian fashion house...  
of the Week 
17 weird ways to say weird:  
The origins of SOS and Mayday:  
Word of the Day: midinette - a seamstress in a Parisian fashion house...... 
ICYMI: Word of the day: rehoboam - a wine bottle six times the standard size...  
"Bathtub gin, blind tigers, and bootleggers: the language of the speakeasy  
Fictional titles and their lasting impressions:  
Video: Commonly confused words 
Word of the Day: rehoboam - a wine bottle six times the standard size...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cassingle - a cassette with one song on each side…...  
Why do some words have two opposite meanings?  
"Nachos, burritos, and nationality:  
Oof! Thanks for catching that - now fixed.
Rein or reign? Hold your horses before applying pen to paper…  
Video: is a nut a fruit? The countries that speak English as a second language best  
You can find the definition here: 
"With the out today, we take a look at our favourite words from the strip:  "Yes, we're siding with Dave on this one!",,The results of the bab.la Language World Cup are out! See the complete ranking here:  
Word of the Day: cassingle - a cassette with one song on each side…... 
Word of the Day: mansplain - (of a man) explain (something) condescendingly or patronizingly  
"Tackling Here's how to succeed: 
...and how to fail:  
Quiz: how well do you speak money?  
"Remember, remember… pyrotechnic displays that amaze (and terrify):  
We were as surprised as you! Perhaps people thought that 'moist' would extinguish the flames.
On read about the varied voices of T. S. Eliot:  
Which words did you ask us to burn on our bonfire?  How the language you speak changes your view of the world  
bab.la Language World Cup 2015 - Most Popular Languages 2015  via False Friends between English and Spanish:  
We noticed there's a bit of talk about it today. We have certainly been guilty of the odd binge-watch :) Cornwall to greet visitors in Cornish in language revival bid  
Word of the Day: mansplain - (of a man) explain (something) condescendingly or patronizingly…... 
Word of the Day: hyperbole - exaggerated statements not meant to be taken literally...  
Why did Tolkien use archaic language?  .reveals the American word for 'Muggle' in  
More than just moccasins: American Indian words in English  
We've already included it! 
We plough the fields and scatter… The language of the harvest season:  
Tackling A couple of failed novelists give you advice about to flunk it:  emerges as largest spoken Indian language in 
Starting a novel for Here are some words of advice:  Don't miss the very last match of vs for the 3rd place!  
"English, French, and German loanwords in Russian:  
Where does the term 'four-flusher' come from?  Myth: young people have abandoned language learning. Here are the facts  
Word of the Day: hyperbole - exaggerated statements not meant to be taken literally...... 
WOTD veepstakes - the notional competition among politicians for vice-presidential candidacy  
8 synonyms for 'dying':  
How difficult is it to learn Chinese?  
"You might say that, but it really all depends on the context, including the sentence itself and the style guide being followed."
5 tasty sandwich etymologies for  
Some style guides consider it an issue of concision - and that any ambiguous examples can usually just be rephrased.
What is the origin of the term 'four-flusher'?  
Video: what is the Oxford comma?  "We meant 'argue against' that statement, And we're pretty sure the real Queen would be on our side too."
Even we would argue this. 
"'Oh see, can you say…' linguistic confusion for a Brit in America:  What can your language express that no other language can? 
Glad we could help with some Today, good old taught me that fog = less than 1km visibility and mist = more than 1km visibility. "Which came first, cake or pyramid?  via Word of the Day: veepstakes - the notional competition among politicians for vice-presidential candidacy...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: semiotics - the study of signs and symbols......  
".Also, a full explanation on how words get into the dictionary here! 
Find out the technical terms for various fears and phobias:  
From rockabilly to mathcore: exploring the cultural and linguistic blending of music genres  
Dishonesty or coincidence? The origin of the word 'gasoline':  
What is the origin of 'banana'?  
"From the gloomily sombre to the morbidly funny, here are 8 synonyms for dying:  
Alles Wurst? German 'sausage' idioms:  
"We add words to the dictionary depending on how widely used they are, If it gets used widely enough, it could happen..."
"Pencil, walrus, or handlebar? A guide to words for moustaches  
"We don't think the condition is widespread enough...yet. How many people have you made feel like this, 
it's saying that kisses can be used for different reasons.
Word of the Day: semiotics - the study of signs and symbols...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: kinesics - the study of body movements as non-verbal communication…  
of the Week 
Scarecrows: those anthropomorphic (not avian) symbols of the season  
Bringing warmth and cheerfulness to November:  
Word of the Day: kinesics - the study of body movements as non-verbal communication…... 
"Word of the Day: mwahahaha - used to represent laughter, especially triumphal or cackling...  
Video: what is the word for a fear of…?  
The word 'vampire' has been traced back to the Hungarian 'vampir'  
"British, American, and both: a history of words  
"Word of the Day: mwahahaha - used to represent laughter, especially triumphal or cackling...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: mischievous - showing a fondness for playfully causing trouble......  
8 great band name origins:  
Quiz: how well do you know  
What is the origin of the word 'ye'? Lemurs and larvae: creatures of the etymological night 
The monster of Frankenstein has been featured in over 25 films  
Figure out the best way to refer to your hijinks with this list of synonyms:  
Why is the plural of 'moose' not 'meese'?  Something's afoot: investigating the names for shoes  Power grab: reclaiming words can be such a bitch 
Thanks for the question! You can find out in our video: 
"Fortunately, that's not the way this works."
"It was almost a real question, But you missed the ""?"". Do you have any evidence of this disgusting word being used?"
Sorry I hope you can get over it.  Any suggestions on an improved way of spelling 'drawer'?
Word of the Day: mischievous - showing a fondness for playfully causing trouble...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: fideism - the doctrine that knowledge depends on faith......  
What is it we tell when things are 'all told'?  
"Well, 'coronate' dates to the 17th century in English but has never been in common use; the verb 'crown' is the more usual term."
A basilisk is a mythical reptile known for its lethal gaze or breath 
"It sure is,  It won't stop all of your red lines though. 
Find out the technical terms for various fears and phobias:  
"Ladies and gentlemen, introducing cat to the world. His name is Harry. Happy  
Happy Here are some cat idioms and expressions from around the world:  
"From to here are a few of our favorite band name origins:  
"can you post a pic of Harry, please? We love cats!",,A baby eel is called an elver and a baby skunk is a kitten. What baby animal names do you know? 
do let us know via the form. We're seeing a lot of the 'usual suspects'.
Word of the Day: fideism - the doctrine that knowledge depends on faith...... 
Word of the Day: bork - obstruct (someone) through systematic defamation or vilification...  
4 weird origins of team names:  
"Bulls, bears, and the other business animals of Wall Street:  
What do you call a baby owl and other baby animals?  
A changeling is a child secretly substituted by fairies for the parents' real child 
How much you know about food from around the world?  
"A male dog is usually just called a 'dog', actually. When a male parent, it can be called a 'sire'."
"Great suggestion, and we've actually just published an ensure/insure video: 
'Elicit' or 'illicit'?  Don't kill your language:  
How can World Englishes benefit from crowdsourcing?  
Thank you Zamsa!
"'Wanderlust' is a great addition, thank you!"
Yes indeed - it's chiefly Scottish and Irish: 
"Excellent work! We'll have to come up with something more difficult next time, clearly..."
Word of the Day: bork - obstruct (someone) through systematic defamation or vilification...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: anterograde - directed forwards in time...  
Whale-horses and morses: Tolkien and the walrus in the  
Preparing for which word would you burn? Vote here:  
Video: what rhymes with orange?  Which language should win the Language World Cup 2015?  
You also have to make sure you're talking about the right Winston Churchill! 
Is it wrong to end a sentence with a preposition?  
When in Rome… read some place name idioms:  
Hi It's already in! Look who's now: does conlang have a place in modern language?  via So, where exactly did punctuation come from?  
Word of the Day: anterograde - directed forwards in time... 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: succedaneum - a substitute, especially for a medicine or drug...  
Kotodama: the multi-faced Japanese myth of the spirit of language  
That's fascinating! Thanks for sharing with us!
20 words that originated in the 1920s:  
"The Nandi bear is a fearsome, bear-like devil imagined to inhabit parts of East Africa The Old Editor meditates on the nature of errors.
Thanks! We're glad you enjoyed it.,,This Instagram account is mapping the saddest place names in the world :'(  
Norwegian English: a fusion language  
Some of the greatest writers in English have defied the rules that dictate the use of ""further"" or ""farther."" Northern Sotho vs English today in the Language World Cup! Vote here:  Which word would you burn for Vote for your least favourite word here:  Some rules of language are wired in the brain: A study shows people make good guesses at meanings of foreign words. 
Peter Pan collars and other literary eponyms:  
"Hi Lucas - not yet, but this page will be updated if an antedating has been proved: Emoji are more than cute little icons. They're a fast-growing language:  
"Word of the Day: succedaneum - a substitute, especially for a medicine or drug... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: yod - the Hebrew alphabet's tenth and smallest letter...  
of the Week 
"'Sasquatch' comes from Salish, the language of tribes in the Pacific Northwest 
Background checks: everyday words with legal records  
"22 ways to say 'yes': 
... and 29 ways to say 'no':  
Word of the Day: yod - the Hebrew alphabet's tenth and smallest letter...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: querist - a person who asks questions, a questioner  
Cyclops was a one-eyed giant in Greek mythology who forged thunderbolts for Zeus 
Die wunnerbaare Sprooch: Pennsylvania German  
"-ize, -ise, or -yse? Word of the Day: querist - a person who asks questions, a questioner... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: otic - relating to the ear...  
'Left': a reliable U.S. political term  
From batchmates to siestas: Philippine English  
"Yes, yea, amen, OK, fo' shizzle, by all means, 10-4, totally, and other ways to say 'yes':  
A succubus is a female demon imagined to have sexual intercourse with sleeping men Which language has the most speakers?  
Do you find yourself saying 'no' a lot? Here are 29 ways to say no without saying no:  
Everyday expressions and their poetic origins:  
glad it was useful. A good one to bring up at the next family gathering?
Removing the confusion from the naming of cousins:  
Here's the orginal Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from in lots of different languages. 
thank for forwarding. We will of coure correct it at the earliet opportunity.
Word of the Day: otic - relating to the ear... 
Word of the Day: enantiodromia - the tendency of things to become their opposites…...  
That one can be tough!
Pregnancy metaphors from around the world:  
Video: 'bring' or 'take'? 
Where does the expression 'to mind your Ps and Qs' come from?  
An incubus is a male demon imagined to have sexual intercourse with sleeping women I Illustrate The Literal Meanings Of Idioms (14 pics):  
What is a 'magnum opus' and how did Lewis make everyone search for it?  Don't forget to place your vote in bab.la Language World Cup 2015  
We put it down to an understandably uncontrollable love of words!
What's the difference in meaning between 'imply' and 'infer'?  How does our brain link phonetics with meaning?  via "Tweens, teens, and twentysomethings: a history of words for young people  Favorite fact: is the 1st instance of 'hello' implying that someone is not paying attention. ht…
"I'm not sure there is enough evidence to support the change... yet, We do love haikus though 
Word of the Day: enantiodromia - the tendency of things to become their opposites…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: malapert - boldly disrespectful, impudent...  
What is the origin of the term 'cold war'?  
Feeling bright? 8 historical synonyms for 'clever':  
The noise-making emergency siren gets its name from the mythological temptresses 
Which everyday English words came from Arabic?  4 charts that show what hipsters are doing to our language 
Bacon in the drawer? In an altered state? Discover pregnancy metaphors around the world:  
Use don't ""utilize"" this article: Simple language makes you sound smarter  by An apple idiom a day…  
Mastering Hebrew ""despite years of unwillingness to speak a language other than my precious mother tongue, English"" ht…",,How to Say No in Turkish: Navigating a New Language  
"The formation of plurals, from sheep to minotaurs:  
The world's oldest language, cuneiform, explained.  
Word of the Day: malapert - boldly disrespectful, impudent... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: hidalgo - a gentleman in a Spanish-speaking country...  
6 words you didn't know were contractions:  
'I' or 'me'? Here's how to get it right:  
Foreign words and musical notes:  
"Cerberus is the monstrous, three-headed watchdog that guards the entrance to Hades Keep pushing the envelope 
"We'd welcome you with open arms, Cameron!"
Video: what is the origin of the word 'soccer'?  
Can you figure out what these historical synonyms mean?  
George Orwell and the origin of the term 'cold war':  
What is the ""quag"" in ""quagmire""? Its gets a bit…mucky:  Doodle by Are you curious to know which languages made it to the 1/8 finals of the bab.la Language World Cup?  "Nice cartoon! While we love a blend, we can't see 'thictionary' or 'dicsaurus' becoming widely popular quite yet."
Word of the Day: hidalgo - a gentleman in a Spanish-speaking country... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: itinerate - travel from place to place to work......  
Pedal or peddle?  
A book by any other name: different words for 'book' through time  
"'Godzilla' is an alteration of the Japanese 'Gojira', from 'gorira' (gorilla) + 'kujira' (whale) 
Fearfully great creeping reptiles: the naming of dinosaurs  
Roman gods and their relationship to the days of the week:  
The greatest thing since bread idioms:  Bilingual children earn more than kids who only speak one language  
Word of the Day: itinerate - travel from place to place to work...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: picaro - a rogue  
of the Week 
"The 'were-' in 'werewolf' is usually identified with the Old English word 'wer', meaning 'man' 
"What are the plurals of 'octupus', 'hippopotamus', and 'syllabus'? 
12 food idioms in other languages:  
Word of the Day: picaro - a rogue... 
"Word of the Day: defeasible - open in principle to revision, valid objection, or forfeiture  
Dialect and identity: Pittsburghese goes to the opera  
"In Jewish legend, a golem is a human figure of clay that is supernaturally brought to life 
Eponymous English: from Benjamins and John Hancocks to boycotts and Draping?  
A slice of apple's linguistic history:  
"Word of the Day: defeasible - open in principle to revision, valid objection, or forfeiture...... 
Word of the Day: homunculus - a very small human or humanoid creature...  
How well do you know phrases from musicals?  
Why do we love to give people and places nicknames?  
Copyediting your own work: 6 simple rules for success  
The kraken is a sea monster of enormous size first spotted off the coast of Norway 
We're glad you enjoyed it!
Happy Here are 12 food-related idioms from around the globe:  
Are we witnessing a general decline of continuous tenses?  Was language a part of human evolution?  by Ljiljana Progovac. Less or fewer?  
How you pick up accents, favorite foods and more -- before you're even born: Can you guess the meanings of 9 of the most challenging words in English? 
Word of the Day: homunculus - a very small human or humanoid creature... 
Word of the Day: dree - endure (something burdensome or painful)...  
"'Silicio' refers to the element 'silicon', while 'silicona' refers to the synthetic material 'silicone'. Different words!"
The rain in Spain: rhyming traditions from early China to modern-day rap  
From 'transpired' to 'toothless' and 'tot'… the journey of journalese  
Horseplay: horses in idioms and proverbs  
"Tolkien likely took the word 'orc' from the Old English 'orc', meaning 'demon' 
Quiz: can you match the lyrics to the musical?  
"What is plain English, and why should you use it?  Why do we need grammar?  
Word of the Day: dree - endure (something burdensome or painful)... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: mackle - a blurred impression in printing...  
What's the longest word with just one syllable?  Hybrid words and the development of the English language:  "Ha, thanks! :D"
Worth noting that most of those words won't be included in our dictionary anytime soon (if at all)!
What's your mother's maiden name? It's none of your business
New on the Mind your language blog"
"Make sure that you're celebrating not  Of heffalumps and hunny: the language of  
Anatoly Liberman proposes a slang for the word ""body"" 
Snap, Crackle and Pop in other languages will make your day  
'The lowest common denominator' and other mathematical expressions:  
From ""nemesis"" to ""number,"" the secret of ""*nem-"":  Doodle by 
Word of the Day: mackle - a blurred impression in printing... 
Word of the Day: insubstantial - lacking strength and solidity...  
What happened to the term 'columbusing'?  
5 cartoons of commonly confused words:  
Little green men to the men in black: alien words in the  
"Tourists beware! The 'drop bear' - a bloodthirsty, fanged koala - may be lurking in a tree near you 
Video: what is the longest one-syllable word?  
From Dead Sea Scrolls to iPads, a of 
Speaking pukka:  
Analysing what Shakespeare has to say about gender:  
Would 'Jekyll and Hyde' cover it? (Language warning): The Pitfalls of Using Google Ngram to Study Language  via "perhaps, if the error in question was adopted by enough people, it might not be an error any more."
Enquire or inquire? Our video will help you work out which is which. 
Word of the Day: insubstantial - lacking strength and solidity... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: geniture - a person's birth or parentage... 
It's National in the UK. Celebrate with ten facts about the word 'chocolate'!  
"The name Yeti comes from the Tibetan yeh-teh, meaning 'little manlike animal' 
What Sepp Blatter's ""disloyal payments"" say about English, French and language creep  
From to Horace, test your knowledge on poetry [quiz] 
Word of the Day: geniture - a person's birth or parentage... 
"Word of the Day: noir - genre characterized by cynicism, fatalism, and moral ambiguity...  
of the Week 
'Zombie' is related to the Kikongo words 'zumbi' ('fetish') and 'nzambi' ('a god') 
How well do you know your  
"Word of the Day: noir - genre characterized by cynicism, fatalism, and moral ambiguity...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: keitai - (in Japan) a mobile phone...  
How well do you know the origins of food words?  
The 'headless horseman' had been a figure in European folklore long before Mr. Crane's encounter 
Video: 'that' or 'which'? 
Let's take a butcher's at rhyming slang:  
Word of the Day: keitai - (in Japan) a mobile phone... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: concertante - denoting music containing one or more solo parts...  
And also an invented one! 
The take their name from the legendary Jersey devil 
Guest blogger asks: what does Shakespeare say about gender?  
What the Nobel laureates did for us:  
We're quite amused by some of the new words Craig Brown has (presumably!) made up in the 
Good question! Would 'flexitarian' cover it for you? 
Word of the Day: concertante - denoting music containing one or more solo parts...... 9 words that are older than you think (have we surprised you?)  
Practice or practise: what's the difference?  
"In case you missed it earlier, see how the impacted the English language   
Quiz: can you tell apart these confusing words?  
"revenant: a person who returns from the dead, or a reanimated corpse or ghost 
We're very flattered! This is so sudden! Luckily we can have a long and happy future together without a ring.
"That's wonderful, Thanks for sharing"
"Quite understandably, It's one of our favourites."
31 commonly confused words to watch out for:  
What kind of poem are you?  
A stationery car or a stationary car? Here are 5 cartoons of confused words:  
click through and have a read.
How has changed the English language?  Why we (mostly) stopped messing with Shakespeare's language: 
How has changed the English language?  "ICYMI: Word of the Day: levant - run away, typically leaving unpaid debts...  
"wine o'clock AND beer o'clock were added, plus a bunch of other fun words! 
How to pronounce German loanwords in English:  
"Thanks, Lucas! We'll pass this right along to the editors!"
Do we need the apostrophe?  
"A new Appeal is now live, for the seasonally appropriate 'paranormal':  
Nessie - the Loch Ness monster - has had her nickname since the 1940s The countries around the world which speak the most languages  
"For birthday, here's and 8 other words that are older than you think:  
Besides English, which are the most, and least, widely used languages in London?  
"Ahem, ahem: the language of coughing  
Chaucer, Shakespeare, and a controversial word origin 
""Chunking"" is the latest language-learning craze, but does it work?  
Let them eat cake! Twelve facts about cake:  
"Word of the Day: levant - run away, typically leaving unpaid debts... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: forsake - abandon or leave  
How did our teachers get us interested in words?  
Vocabulary quiz: how well do you know September's Words of the Day?  
The language of cocktails:  
"Indeed! Same 'Geist', though in the non-spooky 'spirit' sense."
'Poltergeist' is from the German 'poltern' ('create a disturbance') + 'Geist' ('ghost') 
8 German loanwords in English and their pronunciation:  
Thanks for your question. It's 234x156mm: more details are available here: 
Confessions of a pedant:  
Boomerang vocabulary: words that return to their origins  Steven Pinker: 'Many of the alleged rules of writing are actually superstitions' 
"We've not got that at the moment, but can we interest you in 'Mondayitis'? 
Word of the Day: forsake - abandon or leave 
Word of the Day: dox - publish identifying information about someone on the Internet...  
The language of memes:  
Is a banana a fruit or a herb? 
Who decides on the right collective noun for something?  
"The origins of phrases, punctuation marks, and Cockney rhyming slang:  Glad you liked it!
Happy Find out how our teachers got us interested in words:  
"in 1962, 'Love Me Do' was released in the UK. Explore the language of the Beatles:  
How well do you remember September's Words of the Day?  
Translatable vs untranslatable  
"Sorry that you're having difficulties with your CD. Could you contact dictionarieswith details, and we'll investigate?"
Word of the Day: dox - publish identifying information about someone on the Internet... 
"We do indeed, thanks for asking. You can see our full range of apps here: 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: argufy - argue or quarrel, typically about something trivial  "The manticore has a lion's body, man's head, porcupine quills, and scorpion tail Quiz: how well do you know the language of cookies?  
"Word of the Day: argufy - argue or quarrel, typically about something trivial 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: quale - a quality or property as experienced by someone…  
How many pangrams are there in the  
The word 'chupacabra' means 'goat-sucker' in Spanish 
English is chock-a-block with invisible nautical terms:  
Is there still a language barrier between East and West Germany 25 years after reunification?  
Word of the Day: quale - a quality or property as experienced by someone… 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: constative - declaring that something is the case…  
How can we make language learning more exciting?  
Thank you for contributing!
6 unexpected origins of vegetarian recipes  
What is the origin of the word 'soccer'? 
"'Davy Jones' refers to the spirit of the sea, or the 'sailors' devil' 
Did Charles Schulz coin the term 'security blanket'?  
Video: is a thumb a finger?  
What do you call a new word made by combining two other words?  
9 on what they love about via htt…"Word of the Day: constative - declaring that something is the case… 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: ipsilateral - occurring on the same side of the body...  
Artichokes to zucchinis: a vegetarian alphabet for  
We asked 9 translators what their favorite thing about translating was:  
It has! 
Habla usted Spanglish?  
"In WWII, airmen blamed airplane mishaps on mischievous sprites called gremlins. 
"It's so we're looking at the origins of recipe names from  
"Dictionariesshould be working, but you can try odo.ukif you aren't having success. Thanks!"
"We're sorry to hear that. Could you contact dictionariesand we will look into the problem?"
From lamingtons to sandwiches: looking at eponymous foods  This is the secret to learning a foreign language as an adult 
"10 common medical terms and their corresponding, yet less well-known official names:  
You're welcome! We're glad to have helped make your walks less fraught.
It's - but how much do you know about the language of ballet?  
Word of the Day: ipsilateral - occurring on the same side of the body... Is it 'Wine O'clock' yet? discusses the most recent colloquial words added to Online: 
Good question! The historical link is clearer if you think of 'thorough' meaning 'complete through the whole of something'.
ICYMI: Word of the Day: algorithm - a set of rules for solving a problem…  
Quiz: film adaptations of Shakespeare  
An untangling of that/who/which:  Quiz: How good is your grammar?  
9 translators on what they love about translation  We're talking w/ the head of US Dictionaries for about new additions to the online dictionary. What word woul…
Abolishing angst regarding among versus amongst:  Genes and genetics: the language of scientific discovery  
Does learning a language have to be boring?  Breaking down the barriers of language  By Editor Helen Constantine Word of the Day: algorithm - a set of rules for solving a problem… 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: lingulate - tongue-shaped  
It's Find out what our favourite banned books are:  
Heists and mayhem: the language of crime  
"Getting the gender right in French, German, and other languages:  
Do East and West Germans still speak a different language?  
"If enough people start using it, our dictionaries will reflect that - so we'll wait and see."Americano to zarf: a list of coffee words for  
Can you match the movies to Shakespeare's plays?  
Word of the Day: lingulate - tongue-shaped 
Sure! 'These people's feeble sense of self-respect prompts them to conglobulate in collectives.' 
"We're delighted that you're enjoying using it, Meg!"
Your granddad was absolutely right - it means 'incidentally': 
Do you know what a 'lorthew' is? Or what it means to be 'muckibus'? Take our quiz:  
Our staff picks their favourite banned books for  
How speakers of World English are changing the language:  
Is Arabic really a single language? 
A lover of words! A close read of the invented Old English of The Wake:  
Bridges in the  
Does learning a second language lead to a new identity?  
Which of Shakespeare's heroines are you? Take our quiz:  
"Hi, could you please email dictionariesThanks."
"Hi, could you please email dictionariesThanks - we fixed it now!
Word of the Day: conglobulate - join closely together A dying language some linguists didn't know existed: The last gasps of Texas German  
Hi We covered this topic last year. We hope this helps.   
ICYMI: Word of the Day: destructible - able to be destroyed  Scrabble: a logophile's view  
What is the longest one-syllable word? 
Word of the Day: destructible - able to be destroyed 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: maestro - a distinguished conductor or performer of classical music  
The origins of filmic language:  
Colourful language: colours in international idioms  
For auld lang syne: the origins of some Scottish words  
Word of the Day: maestro - a distinguished conductor or performer of classical music 
13 ideas about language that will leave you speechless  via ICYMI: Word of the Day: palindrome - word or phrase reading identically backwards and forwards  
17 pronunciations of Italian cuisine:  
"How did bread, cheese, and dough come to mean money?  
It was not! Are you feeling mis-categorized?(?!)
"It would be cool! It does, though, have a cool etymology: it's from the from Greek word 'palindromos' - 'running back again'"
Q tips: some rule-breaking words beginning with q  
What is the origin of the phrase 'currying favour'? 
Can you define these obsolete words from the  
"Puppets, peaches, and other womanly words:  Are you celebrating the Day of  10 ways speakers of World English are changing the language:  This will be the no. 1 language spoken in the world by 2050:  (via 
I'm going to confess: I wrote it. Consider your hand shaken in return! Word of the Day: palindrome - word or phrase reading identically backwards and forwards… 
"Ah, a Brit wrote the quiz, and a proper mug of English breakfast tea is in a class of its own!"
An excellent point! Perhaps there is no need to rage against the dying of the adverb.
Word of the Day: reshoring - transferring relocated business operations back from overseas…  
Do you know what a 'monkey's wedding' is? Test your South African English:  
"Good one! We don't have a video, but you can find the pronunciation here: 
"We know it's Istanbul, not Constantinople, but what are some other cities that changed names?  
Whisky galore! The language of the distillery:  
17 Italian pronunciations to help you avoid awkward dinner dates:  The rebirth of Catalan: how a once-banned language is thriving  
Is the adverb dead?  
You seem perfectly pleasant to us. 
Which punctuation mark are you?  
Video: how should you use 'hopefully'?  
"how times have changed. We put a trendy word in our online dictionary, and you're orbiting the red planet."
To ""beat"" or to ""bathe?"" Anatoly Liberman on the ""B-word"" and its origins  Word of the Day: reshoring - transferring previously relocated business operations back from overseas… 
"Our first predictions were wrong, but last night we were absolutely right. What do you think's going to happen? 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: duology - a pair of related novels, plays, or films  
What is the language of rugby?  
Which of these young words most surprises you?  
Peter Pan collars and other literary eponyms:  
"Using food for thought: Intellectual hunger, thirst, and omnivorous behaviors  
How good is your South African English? Test yourself and let us know:  
Were commas, semicolons and question marks always there?  
RIP baseball great Yogi Berra. A look at several of his greatest 'Yogi-isms':  
"What does the term 'equinox' mean?  
Tomorrow is Heritage Day! What words come to mind? Translate them here:  
13 cities that changed their names:  The internet may have reached peak language  via 
Here's the definition of 'scratchiti': 
Which words originated in your birth year? Use the birthday word generator to find out!  Scots language found to have 421 words for snow  
"Word of the Day: duology - a pair of related novels, plays, or films 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: umami - a taste category corresponding to glutamate in food…  
Are you guilty of using any of these business terms?  
Jane Austen and the art of letter writing  
10 unusual synonyms for 'chew'  
"With the well under way, takes a look at the language of rugby:  8 words that are younger than you think  Are fans fanatical or fanciful? ICYMI: Word of the Day: ineffectual - not producing any significant or desired effect  
Bridesmen and best maids: surprising facts about wedding words  
'Horizontally written letters': Japanese debates on loanwords  
"What's the difference between a quotation, a proverb, and a phrase?  
"Ladybirds, ladybugs, and… cows?  
tell us about it :) 
9 business terms that everyone hates  
Words for 'peace' around the world:  
Video: is it wrong to use double negatives?  
We hear that pigs are in the news - but which phrases use our four-legged friends?  
Word of the Day: ineffectual - not producing any significant or desired effect 
like this? 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: ottocento - relating to the 19th century in Italy  From teaspoons to tea-sots: the language of tea  
Which character from Thomas Hardy's novels are you?  
Word of the Day: ottocento - relating to the 19th century in Italy 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: jambeau - a piece of armour for the leg  
"'Water baby', 'hoverboard', and other new words in the  
Video: 'loose' or 'lose'?  
Explore some pirate phrases and their origins:  
"Do you know what time it is? 
Word of the Day: jambeau - a piece of armour for the leg 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: craniate - an animal that possesses a skull  
The language of the Scottish independence referendum: one year on  
Okey-dokey! The story of the birth of OK's playful grandchild  
Words from all over the lot: notes on the update  
New Appeals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the term 'lock-in'?  
You might want to have a look at our blog post about the difference between 'will' and 'shall': 
A soul of fire: celebrating Samuel Johnson  Buzz words: How language creates your emotions  Food week on the Living dictionary! Can you translate your favourite dish? Let us know here: 
From 'telly addict' to 'hoverboard': an update  Did you take part in our group? Robert Douglas-Fairhurst will be answering your Dickens questions next Friday - t…
Word of the Day: craniate - an animal that possesses a skull 
For Samuel Johnson's birthday, here are some facts about his landmark Dictionary of 1755:  
ICYMI: Word of the Day: mithridatize - gradually make (someone) immune to poison…  
How to train your dragon? Try learning Dragonese  
Who's in charge of the English language?  
What did the first editor think about the word 'dictionary'?  
Was there ever a real McCoy?  
Rhyme and reason: how do we describe different types of rhymes?  
Did you know that editor James Murray may not have been keen on the word 'dictionary'?  
Is it OK to use 'hopefully' as a sentence adverb? 
"One year on from the Scottish referendum, how are indyref, rUK, devo max, and cybernat faring?  
"With starting in 2 days, here are some essential words and phrases to get you through Here are the most beautiful words in 12 different languages  
These illustrations of our most recently added words are fantastic  by it's a great word :)  Word of the Day: mithridatize - gradually make (someone) immune to poison… 
back to the mill for us.
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: loquitur - (as stage direction, followed by a name) speaks…  
"Clues, red herrings, and whodunnits: words you need to solve a murder  
"We did consider it, though!"
Our editors have predicted the outcomes of based on language analysis:  
9 drinks named after people  
"The final novel is now out, so we asked to explore Dragonese  
From 'cut the mustard' to 'cool as a cucumber,' Anatoly Liberman investigates our strangest phrases 
'honorable' is the US spelling. Have a look here: 
6 words you didn't know were contractions  
Can you identify these classic novels by their working titles?  Learn how to count one - ten in old English from 1000 years ago:  Here's some guidance on how to use apostrophes: 
How many Chaucers does it take to change a language?  What language experts find so strange about Donald Trump   
'Trippy' is in the dictionary: 
"Thanks for your question, 'Thrice' might be the word you're looking for: 
"Word of the Day: loquitur - (as stage direction, followed by a name) speaks… 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: oviposit - (especially of an insect) lay an egg...  
From Torschlusspanik to depaysement: here are 7 emotions that English doesn't have a word for  
Surfing the Information Superhighway: the changing face of Internet language  
Mischievous or mischievious?  
Why do we need grammar?  
Where did the penguins get their name?  
"Mochy, mizzly, or mothery? Ten regional words to describe the weather  
It's 125th birthday! Celebrate with the words you need to solve a murder:  
'Bio' is usually used as an abbreviation for 'biography': Here's what English sounded like 500 years ago  
Word of the Day: oviposit - (especially of an insect) lay an egg... 
Thanks for asking: here's a video about how words get into Oxford Dictionaries. 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: extenuate - make (guilt or an offense) seem less serious...  
"Jimmies, spendy, and shave ice: American regionalisms  
Animal Talk: animal-related adjectives in the English language  
Test your knowledge of standard English usage and grammar:  
"Apron, adder, and other words that used to begin with 'n'…  
"Performance-wise, adverbs are alive and kicking!  
7 emotions that English doesn't have a word for  Will people say 'hella' or 'hecka'? Will 'dude' be gender neutral? Here's what English might look like in 2065 Historian claims to have found the first use of the F-word in the English language  
'Bruh' is already in the dictionary: 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: crux - the decisive or most important point at issue  
of the Week by Miguel de Unamuno 
"Isra, Umar, and Yasmin: the meanings behind Arabic names  
Economical English: the hidden connections between homonyms  
Word of the Day: crux - the decisive or most important point at issue 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: balayage - a technique for highlighting hair...  
Principal or principle - do you know how to use them correctly? Take our quiz:  
Don't know nothing about double negatives? Watch this video:  
Jack and the Flagpole: what do you call the British national flag?  
Word of the Day: balayage - a technique for highlighting hair... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: ornithology - the scientific study of birds  
Do you know what a 'divertissement' is? Test your knowledge of ballet terminology:  
"Who's confident [confidant?] about using -ance, -ence, and similar suffixes?  
Some tips on bringing agreement to subjects and verbs:  
"Sister-in-laws, sisters-in-law, or sisters-in-laws?  
Know any  We like ""Opisthoteuthis adorabilis""  
Video: how did the flea market and computer bug get their names?  
New York City's and the spread of  
We're sure your cat just wants to learn! We're definitely ailurophiles here at Oxford Dictionaries. (
Meanwhile, my cat isn't letting me do my work by sitting on a printed edition of The written language is helping to preserve our oral culture  
Quiz: principal or principle?  Lessons from the near-death of Aramaic  Word of the Day: ornithology - the scientific study of birds 
Study: Bilingual children lag behind in language learning early on, but catch up by age five 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: Falabella - a horse of a miniature breed...  
Words of wisdom in Anglo-Saxon poems and proverbs:  
May or might: what's the difference?  
"How the popularized the word ""manspreading"" without actually saying it:  
Do you Speak Northern Sotho? See our new living dictionary today  
The oink on the page: pig idioms and expressions  
Video: what is the origin of the word 'penguin'?  
How well do you know the language of ballet? Take our quiz and let us know.  
Smh, mayne: How and symbols affect language on Twitter   Migrant? Refugee? Asylum-seeker? What should we call those making their way to Europe?  
Word of the Day: Falabella - a horse of a miniature breed... 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: habitus - general constitution, especially physical build  
Double trouble (or accommodating doubled consonants in English):  
10 tips to improve your writing:  11 baking idioms to whet your appetite for  
How did the chemical elements get their names?  
The dangers of auto-replace: ""Particitrousers of the revolutionary movement""  
Lie or lay? Laying down the law on some puzzling verbs:  
"Clues, code-breaking, and cruciverbalists: the language of crosswords  
A 'cicisbeo' is a married woman's male companion or lover: Sperm whales' language reveals hints of culture: 
Finding wisdom in Old English:  
"For Queen Elizabeth II, now the UK's longest-reigning monarch: language fit for a queen!  
"Word of the Day: habitus - general constitution, especially physical build 
"What's your name, where you from, what you on? How to speak acid house, via 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: susurrate - make a whispering or rustling sound...  
Dr. Dre and the language of gangsta rap:  
How accurate was the sitcom Blackadder?  
"'He', 'he or she', 'he/she', 's/he' versus 'they':  "'Not my circus, not my monkey', and other illustrated idioms of the world  via 
We actually answered this question in a recent blog post: 
Doubled consonants in English: why is there only one 'b' in 'habit' but two in 'rabbit'?  
Finding structure in fleeing. ""Refugee"":  H/t to; doodle by 
Thank you very much for bringing this to our attention! We're currently arranging for a donation to Jungle Books.
A 'smidget' of regional terms: from 'squirrel load' to 'whoopity scoot'  
Video: is it OK to split infinitives?  Language World Cup 2015: Meet the participants 
Word of the Day: susurrate - make a whispering or rustling sound... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: Wissenschaft - the systematic pursuit of knowledge and scholarship...  
Happy What's the difference between European and Brazilian Portuguese?  
Quiz: how well do you know famous last words?  
The origins of SOS and Mayday:  
How authentic was the language used in the sitcom  
Poor grammar can affect meaning, and infuriates audiences. Read on
Weather idioms from around the world:  Puerto Rico has officially declared Spanish to be its first language. English got bumped to second. 
""Oxford Global Languages will help move from a village language to a global language” --Dr Langa Khumalo. 
From 'trousers' to 'Tories': unexpected Irish words in English  What would your state's official word be? Mad? Hella? Glawackus?!  Do you know the difference between Brazilian Portuguese and European Portuguese?  
"Word of the Day: Wissenschaft - the systematic pursuit of knowledge, learning, and scholarship... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cunctation - the action or an instance of delaying...  
of the Week by Ezra Pound 
How did the teddy bear get its name?  
Going Dutch: English words of Dutch origin  
Word of the Day: cunctation - the action or an instance of delaying... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: pyknic - denoting a stocky physique with a rounded body...  
"Bulls, bears, and the other business animals of Wall Street  
The history of the word 'hip'  
"There are insects in our idioms, but how did they get there?  
Word of the Day: pyknic - denoting a stocky physique with a rounded body... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cotch - spend time relaxing  
Finding new words at  
Signs and symbols: the names of punctuation marks  
"What are split infinitives, and where is it appropriate to use them?  
"We asked you to vote for your favourite new word, and here are the results!  
Sure!Keep using 'bare' instead of 'bear'? Here's how to get it right:  
chat on pop words that have made it into happening right here in half an hour! Stay tuned! How well do you know these basic points of grammar?  
Word of the Day: cotch - spend time relaxing 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: decahedron - a solid figure with ten plane faces  
Writing a book review? Here's how to get it right:  
An apple idiom a day…  
Video: bear or bare?  
Our editor went to and came back with some new geek words:  What's the correct spelling: ExtrAversion or ExtrOversion? Learn the difference 
is currently trending on  - read the full definition:  
Bread or cake - what does 'bun' mean to you?  
This video might answer your question: 
Word of the Day: decahedron - a solid figure with ten plane faces 
Is it 'a historic event' or 'an historic event'? Find out which version is correct:  Invented languages:  
Quiz: affect or effect?  A new report suggests millennials are annoyed by grammar and spelling mistakes Questions concerning the great etymologists and their mastery of foreign languages I've teamed up with talented illustrator for my  column on onomatopoeia  11 baking idioms you need to know:  Why men and women process language differently Bagel or beigel? investigates the use of the Yiddish language in England:  
Word of the Day: synergy - additional effects derived from combined effort of cooperation  
How Bill Murray changed the English language:  
The compilation of dictionaries: are we there yet?  
tweet_text,,Did you know the law doesn't allow Edward Snowden to argue in court that his disclosures led to public benefit? 
“If you think any American official is going to tell you the truth, then you're stupid. Did you hear that? Stupid.” 
"I love my country, but I hate this.  
"security expert blogged, discussing how is unsafe by default. 
Hours later, he erased that part. 
Lesson: Bosses read blogs"
"If you're a journalist, you should read this. It's short. 
"Google's decision to disable end-to-end encryption by default in its new chat app is dangerous, and makes it unsafe. Avoid it for now."
"Govt: Don't worry, it's ""just metadata.""
But metadata tells you everything about everyone."I worked I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva. When CIA destroys something, it's never a mistake. 
Ever wonder how governments get people to volunteer for human rights violations? 
"Starting today, The Intercept is broadening access to the Snowden Archive. Details within:  
"What would save more lives than every surveillance program in the world today? 
Self-driving cars."
"Statistically speaking, reassigning traffic cops to surveillance will likely cost lives, even it catches criminals: 
I was surprised at the high cost. Sources:  /  "The led to raids, resignations, and regulations. Yet the source enjoys no legal protection. 
A whistle poisoned by law."
The anonymous source of the speaks for the first time. Must read: 
"Maybe by ""exporting democracy,"" they meant driving out the dissidents. 
"It takes some learning, but it's totally worth it. Good luck!"
"Useful, but sandboxing; privileges against TLAs. They can target the admin with the right permissions from step one."
"Remember the ""I Hunt Sysadmins"" presentation by Make it hard for them. Use  
"Classified briefings on current events are what you see on CNN, only sixteen hours later and with better sourcing. 
"Brazil's opposition leader suspended for corruption; President faces impeachment. 
The way forward is an election. 
Developed democracies don't require citizens to testify against themselves. The police may not demand your password. ""Whistleblowing is not just leaking — it's an act of political resistance""  
"My first long form essay, On Resistance:  
"Should the government have lawful power to unlock any device? After my first public debate, the audience said ""No!"" 
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a Rubik's cube. in case sci-hub.io is blocked for you use sci-hub.bz or sci-hub.cc to access the website
"Once among FBI's Most Wanted, Daniel Berrigan, pacifist pioneer of direct action, in life:  
Courts should not serve as the government's rubber stamp.  
I tested it this week, a Micro SD fits nearly perfectly:  "Report: Russia hijacking activist accounts via telcos.
Use Signal, and always do this: ( 
After Snowden, Americans were less likely to Google certain terms out of fear of U.S. government surveillance. Email from UK Muslim teenager about new study on surveillance harms ( a common sentiment 
Apparently I left just in time to avoid the bathroom police. 
"Unbelievable: FBI sneaks radical expansion of power through courts, avoiding public debate.  What happens when guidelines aren't binding, permit no legal action: 
"Report: were preventable, but police too busy spying on everyone else to act.  
Remember this the next time FBI asks for a security backdoor, and promises not to abuse it.  
Had enough Hollywood? Watch a team of four female journalists investigate mass surveillance IRL:  Vote count? 419-0. The s war on whistleblowers to protect tax havens like Luxembourg. 
In debate with Edward may have softened his stance on government access to encrypted files. 
Coming soon to the list of items banned in federal buildings: 
"For two minutes and thirty nine seconds, everybody at NSA just stopped working. I like the way you think.
Maybe this should be an article.
"Next time a politician says they care about students, think about how many payments you have left. Then this: 
Details:  
"There's still that employee retention problem, though."
Push back! writes the contracts. They can require disclosure of vulns as a condition of payment. And should. 
"Always possible, but NSA vuln devs believed they could spin up a fresh TBB 0day in 2 months. These are not priceless."
Doubtful. I think it's about precedent. They're not worried about this exploit, they're worried every new one.
Surely this will end well. .tells Obama to put a leash on his director for talking nonsense about  
trial ended for today. We support Deltour. are brave -  must be protected, not prosecuted! ht…"
Remember when the was concerned about compliance with court orders? 
If a picture is worth a thousand words, this gif is worth like a million 
Erdogan is prosecuting her for calling him ""the most megalomanic dictator,"" so let'sit.  
"Of all the things I've been accused of, this is the one of which I am most proud.  
The lawsuit against the psychologists behind the CIA torture program goes to court for the first time.
“The judge clearly is not happy about the government operating a child-porn site,” said of the ACLU. 
Court asks DOJ for basic info on NITs. DOJ says ""no"" and all but slaps the court in the face  htt…",,UK secret police are indiscriminately spying on millions of innocent people  byREVEALED: How British intelligence agencies create, keep dossiers on everyone. Docs here:  
GCHQ will break international law as long as it's ""acceptable among the 5-eyes community.""
More than inspiration. She taught the world a timeless lesson on the difference between legality and morality. Role model!
Outlaw. Fugitive. Hero.  
It begins: Secret court rules NSA-style programs should be used for ordinary crimes.  
Some kind of ""rubber stamp"" are much more appropriate ... ! 
Rubber stamp: Spy court finds NSA/FBI program violated law for 4+ years. Reauthorizes it.  Massive 7.8 quake in impacts thousands. Want to help? has details.  
I wonder why. This is an outrageous invasion of my privacy and a gross interference with press freedom in Australia 
Ever wondered how to downplay a colossal protest? Compare headline to the 
If your opponent makes less in a year than you made in one 45-minute speech to Goldman, maybe don't draw attention to their…",,Your regular reminder that surveillance tech disproportionately targets the poor  by Remember when sought to undermine global computer security just to get into this phone?  
Two years for a web defacement lasting 40 minutes. 
An unencrypted laptop with a folder named ""Target"" (!) left behind in a trash bin. So much for ""sophistication"". 
"Personally, I think we'll see it by the end of August."
Prediction: refusal to close security holes found during iPhone hack will result in attack being globally available by year's end.
FBI:✅ a previously unknown✅ used it to hack phone Espionage Act violations don't require intent to harm -- exactly why the Obama's DOJ has gone after so many sources. New! and Cassetteboy vs The Snoopers' Charter - a entrevista de Lula pro  
protests in Malta are huge. 
Can't even go on a Tinder date without some bureaucrat writing down which salad you had.  
Remember: GCHQ use their bulk intercept, bulk hacking skills for other things than protecting national security. 
Thanks to for reporting a piwik vulnerability to Great work. Got a bug report? Please contact with details.
"Who could have imagined famous for technical illiteracy, would fail to understand cryptography. 
If only I had known. Obama admits the US classification system is bullshit  
Anyone have the number for the Attorney General? Asking for a friend. Channel 4 News have asked all 21 Tory Cabinet Ministers if they have any offshore interests. 3 said No. 18 refused to an…
"Hours after the march, the other shoe drops. 
Oh. 
protest photos look like history. (via /  
Police estimates that 5,500 people came out to protest today in Organisers say 14,000. 
"government: We're not leaving. 
Iceland's public: There are more of us than there are of you.  
this is sad. And wrong. I'm no lefty, no anarchist, just a taxpayer. And I went to Downing St. today."
"What kind of cartoon villain unironically refers to protestors as ""rabble?"" Had he already used up his allotment of ""pleb"" for the year?"
The reaction of British politicians to thousands marching against tax avoidance is beyond belief. 
My pleasure:  
"The scandal is what's legal. 
Several thousand at protest / youngest I've seen since student protests of 2010/11
Look at all those people. 
"""The British will never protest,"" they said.  
Details:  
""That money was just resting in my account."" 
En una colmada Plaza de Mayo, argentinos exigen la renuncia del Presidente ht…"
Front pages hint at why Britons chose hashtag for Saturday's coming protest:  
Credit to for bringing it to my attention. Cheers!
"Twitter right now: ""Let's hope Cameron resigns."" 
With respect, hope is not a strategy. 
The next 24 hours could change   
"Protests grow as government refuses new elections, frees jailed bankers early.   
I wonder if something got in the way. 
"Some things, you never get used to. He's saying that Twitter Cheat Mode is Japanese because you can fit a novel into a tweetIceland PR emails to say PM did NOT resign but merely asked his deputy to be PM ""for an unspecified amount of time"" 
"In letter to media, current government attempts to ""un-resign"" the PM. Seems likely to provoke elections. 
New Deal era investigations led to New Deal reforms. Watergate, ... accountability just as important as elections…"
Awesome that is encrypted, but keep in mind it doesn't hide who you're texting  Huge news: all of WhatsApp is now end-to-end encrypted. 
Except for the article wrote in tiny outlet called ""The Guardian"" saying Putin lied  * PM resigns
* Remains a MP
* Remains leader of his party
* New PM from his party
* Gov stands
* People pis…"
"David, you're better than this. Cited case was about spying on US attorneys for better shrimp prices, not terrorism."
"In light of the same PM's next-day resignation, add this to the ""list of things never to say in Iceland.""  
"Resignation of Iceland's PM may explain why the UK PM is so insistent public has no right to know a PM's ""private"" finances. Breaking: just claimed its first Prime Minister. 
"With scandals in Russia, China, UK, Iceland, Ukraine, and more, perhaps a new rule: if you're in charge of a country, keep your money in it."
"Nobody knows what the hell is going on in even MPs. Most interesting story in world politics today. 
Vraiment? 
Well I'll be damned. Kudos,  
"reddit is legally prohibiting from discussing the Govt's secret gag order, but not  
"Oh, now he's interested in privacy.  
"The population of Iceland is only 330,000. Largest protest by percentage of population in history? 
Thousands are here for the  in 
"Icelanders: ""Challenge accepted."" 
"Protests wrack when PM refuses to step down, mocks protestors. Live:  
The exact moment Iceland's PM realizes journalists found his secret:  
Can we just remind ourselves that the are from just ONE law firm, in just ONE tax haven. Tip of the proverbia…"
That time when newsrooms had nobody who spoke Icelandic.  
That time when your journalism was so hot it melted the servers. 
BREAKING: The - Politicians, Criminals and the Rogue Industry That Hides Their Cash 
The story behind the Courage is contagious.  
""Oops"" 
"Biggest leak in the history of data journalism just went live, and it's about corruption.  
"Recent docs: EU, US, Saudi classified; now chief's phone calls -- with zero arrests. Comeback? 
Hmm... 
Reuters reports reddit received an NSL under gag. Is dissent a threat to national security?  
"Word of caution: at least one credible source tells me this guy is a serial ""embellisher"" and not as high-speed as he claims."
Wow. Probably the most incredible leak of compartmented TS material I've ever seen on LinkedIn. Namechecks SCS! 
If you hand-deliver data from ATT to NSA, maybe don't brag about it on LinkedIn
"FBI: You should do it, it's just one phone
Apple: No it isn't
FBI: We got in
Apple: You should say how, it's just one phone…"
Related, here is the DoJ's argument for keeping their Tor Browser exploit under wraps. Compelling. 
Of course you have, Amazon. 
No disk encryption, again.  
"Even if you don't agree with you should read him. Rare, original thinking.  The Cato Institute's timeline of US govt surveillance of political activists is incredible  
Appreciate the new details in your reporting. Thanks for sharing.
"4) Remember: even w encrypted comms, metadata reveals *all* on-net activity. That comms happened? Always yes. Content of? no."
"3) From personal experience, nothing drew my interest more than encrypted traffic from a known target. It ""glows on the wire."""
2) That they're using filelockers for comms -- of which monitoring was public -- underlines how little ISIS learns from news.
"With respect, this is mistaken. 1) Filelocker uploads would be instantly detected: DOJ apparently still pursuing case to get Apple to break into iPhone running iOS 7 in New York 
Security researchers: W3C's new HTML5 DRM could make your work criminal. Help fix it!  
If only there were some way to test the President's claims of respect for the press.  Post-NSA reform is going well. 
The very acts of journalism he seeks to criminalize. 
Choice.
Dang, the opening to WSJ's editorial on Apple v. FBI is brutal  
"If I'm Tim Cook, the next keynote sends a message even the won't have trouble decrypting. ""iPhone works for you, and you alone."""
"Remember when government officials used to lose their jobs for false testimony? First Clapper, now Comey. Dear have you submitted your iPhone exploit to Vulnerability Equities Process yet? (Repor…
journalists, yes. More importantly, jurists would do well to pay close attention here."
Techs are so angry about the dishonesty in this case that might need to add itself to the list of radicalizers. 
"Journalists: please remember that government argued for months that this was impossible, despite expert consensus. 
Remember this?  
This is a landmark. Data shows surveillance is harming democracy.  
"Worse: If you don't hand over the key, they lock you out of their markets -- then steal it anyway. 
"Maybe. DIRNSA isn't SECSTATE: if not multilateral (ceremonial), ""discussion"" usually means agreements."
"""Our tolerance for collateral damage is far too low."" -Former NSA/CIA Head M. Hayden, who first authorized domestic mass surveillance, today"
"DIRNSA doesn't travel for ""discussions."" He travels to sign something.  
h/t "I didn't ""claim"" this, The Belgian government did. Correct your piece. (Graf 2:  
"Encryption save lives: When emergency network failed during police/medics shifted to Stephen Walt:How airing melodramatic news coverage makes ISIS more dangerous than it really is/ Fact that they accessed content of laptop suggests that terrorists didn't encrypt their hard drives. 
Folks coming down off Chomsky: want an intro to digital self-defense? I wrote a guide for you! 
This is the most revealing exchange I've seen in a long time. Simply extraordinary. 
This is what investigative journalism looks like. 
"Wow. Retired Army Colonel, and Colin Powell's Chief of Staff:  49. This doesn't diminish the horror of what happened on 3/22; 11/13, but let's not make this bigger than it is = awful b…"
48. In France, 760 ppl died in car crashes last year. You'd need a Nov 13 every other month to match that: 
"Europe may grieve today, but she wins tomorrow. 
It's hard not to read tonight's events as permanently damaging the credibility of claims on encryption. This was basic pre-trial work.,,Watchdog finds watchdog likely improperly destroyed evidence showing Drake was a whistleblower.  
Reporters: Look back on those first two days of reporting based on claims. They exploited trust in pursuit of precedent. Every credible expert knew there were alternative means. That went so far on so little demonstrated a disregard of facts: bad faith.
Perjury never felt so good. 
Submitted without comment:  One of the more gobsmacking quotes I've read in a while:   
"""...part of a long history of spying on black activists in the United States."" 
"Report: Paris terrorists used burner phones, not encryption, to evade detection.  
2016: When the public is forced to rely on a corporation to defend its rights. This is a warning sign.  
The NYT story on the Paris attackers makes just as much (if not more) sense if you replace ""encryption"" with ""magic"" 
First time I've seen value in Twitter 'moments': Snowden vs The Wire
"I've got to go, but caution that though spying has benefits, history reminds us of that it comes at a price. Yours in service, -E"
"Even Obama rejects this doctrine. I quote, ""Just because we can, doesn't mean we should."""
"With respect, this is far less considered than your other points. Argues that capability matters more than rights. Ends justify."
"Reasonable. Yet when even Obama granted additional protections for non-USPs, I'm comfortable with what press chose to run."
"I appreciate the vote of good faith. Still, must say impropriety is beyond debate -- programs ended, practice changed--for cause."
"This isn't about ""minimization,"" which is a fig leaf. USPs have been, and are, both impacted and targeted. As documented."
"I provided four specific links, the first of which is related to violating US atty-client privilege over shrimp, not natsec."
"This is not comprehensive, but from memory. Point: NSA has been used against US persons, and (see 4) will be more frequently."
"E.g.
"With respect, this meme is not correct, and repeating it does the public a disservice. And non-USPs have rights too.",,Still can't get over this quote from the NSA director in 1979: THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT THE FOURTH AMENDMENT SAYS. 
"Even though we may disagree on the ultimate reach of Smith v. Maryland to modern comms, I enjoyed the exchange. Stay free."
The distance between governing and ruling is measured in the capacity to exercise power without accountability. The lies matter.
"Lawyers and policy people are comfortable with ""trust us,"" but the record is clear that that's a mistake. 
"Many disagree. And NSA gets metadata and content in advance of warrant, by virtue of tech. Only use (""targeting"") is caveated."
"Mass surveillance isn't without *any* value, it's just without value in thwarting attacks -- which was the public justification."
"Nobody argues against comms surveillance. They argue about scope. Handsets v. networks. ""Collect it all"" v. individual warrants."
"This isn't due to cowardice, but incentives. Human nature, at scale, prevails. Takes a lot of McNultys to overcome inertia."
"Meanwhile, our case officers spend their entire tours hanging out in the embassy instead of on the street."
"Yes, but the HUMINT budget got cannibalized for SIGINT programs that do not work and drones that only work short-term."
"Communications needs between the groups differ, therefore M.O.s differ. This is why IC is with Apple in Commercial activities (drug sales) will always generate records that sporadic offensive operations (terrorism) will not.
"Tbf, mass surveillance wasn't pitched to catch ""corner boys"" or even ""The Greek,"" but on thwarting OBLs. And there, never worked."
"Fair point. My background is in intelligence, not law enforcement. Transnational terrorists aren't hurting for burners."
"Not really. Phones used in real-world ops are disposed on a per-action, or per-call basis. Lifetimes of minutes, hours. Not days."
Reminder for reporters: terrorists have known cell phones are unsafe since August... 1998.  
"""The Wire"" (2002) is helping the terrorists. David Simon wanted for questioning. 
The Times is really big on stealth edits.
Soldiers refuse unlawful orders. So do engineers.  
"""Going dark"" is a fairy tale: 3 years after wiretap headlines, she's still making unencrypted calls. Today I learned that has way better lawyers than the DOJ.
Apple to court: ""The Founders would be appalled"" by the government's demands in this case.
And you know what? Apple's right.",,Apple SVP of Software Engineering makes sworn statement that Apple has never reduced security for any government 
Undersea fiber cable firm receives secret orders from NSA, LinkedIn page of employee reveals  Labour and the SNP could have defeated the so why did they abstain? 
How hard can it be to say that suspicionless mass data surveillance is not OK? Frankly, how can people abstain on the "British Twitter is up in arms about the opposition's ""neither support nor oppose"" strategy on Some MPs beginning to vote their conscience on 
"As MPs rush through the Snooper's Charter, remember previous use of powers:  
Mass surveillance costs lives.  
The Bar Council suggests would currently carry a ""risk of a miscarriage of justice"" in legal cases 
"Practically the entire legal community of the UK has signed a letter declaring ""not fit for purpose."" See: 
"Britons, note how your MPs vote today on A vote in favour -- or abstention -- is a vote against you. Segunda parte de la entrevista a “Prefiero renunciar a mi patria que renunciar a mi voz” 
MPs have 5 hours tmrw to debate 900 pages of Investigatory Powers Bill
 Congratulations! Well deserved.
Journos: studied exactly this and found Lynch's desire is impossible to safely achieve:  
We just killed 150 people. Outside of a warzone. Without knowing their identities.   
“UK setting bad example on surveillance, says UN privacy chief” I hope MPs are reading this… 
We sued to find out who was behind the secret plan to kill transparency reform. We won.  
To send a message. 
.Those with less power always watched for purposes of control, even if called ""safety"" or ""national secu…"
""There is a myth in this country that in a world where everyone is watched, everyone is watched equally."" 
The global technological consensus is against the FBI. Why? Here's one example:   
"Rebel in the tweets, business in the broadsheets.
"The most interesting part of political Twitter is discovering what journalists secretly agree with, but consider too dangerous to RT.",,That explains the mass resignations when the Bush White House circulated the torture memos. Military-Funded Study Predicts When You'll Protest on Twitter  how did we all let it get to the point where you guys will be voting for one of those two?
Some days you wonder why you even get out of bed.  
Aiding the public is treason only if the voter is your enemy. Has there ever been a more ridiculous claim than the Apple case is only about ""one phone""?  
Baltimore PD alone used a stingray 4,300 times, sometimes to solve minor crimes, then hid that from lawyers, judges.
Out of curiosity, I found the first NYT reference to Adolf Hitler. Nov. 21, 1922. Amazing last three paragraphs. 
"Before, monitored journalists, webcam streams of nude non-targets, and *Belgium.* At least now, we'll know."
After reading everything published about UK hacking, I can't imagine any technical capability that would not be legal under…"
"Given the 1st Amendment, that would quickly become a question of whether or not they *can* mandate such. ""Code is speech."""
"If capability to assist was not in controversy, FBI had no case. Apple's mistake was in failing to lock themselves out *properly*"
"If they are, they're looking at it the wrong way. ""Locking yourself out"" is now the only reliable liability shield. 
Hacking journalists under UK is fair game, as long as made explicit in warrant 
I don't think 'targeted' means what you think it means, 
If cops hack someone who isn't part of the crime being investigated, it's not collateral damage, apparently 1/2 My verdict on revised - Home Office has ignored its critics, is trying to crash its deeply flawed Bill through …
"The revised bill actually *removes* some privacy protections from the last version, and is more intrusive. Does not fact check? "Headline: ""Revised bill adds privacy safeguards."" Reality: Govt changed one header.   
"Arresting people for making secure software is unconscionable, but doing it when you get hacked every day is stupid. The first uses of my iOS forensics tools were in terrorism and kidnapping cases. Not long after, cops were using it for gir…"
One of the most important lessons of this case: open courts can deliver justice. Secret courts only deliver stamps. 
Judge says ""it would betray our constitutional heritage"" to use the All Writs Act to compel Apple to unlock a phone. Judge Orenstein: Apple free to privilege security over surveillance 
"Devastating for the spies. For the public, it's something to celebrate."
A federal judge just shot the war on internet security through the heart. Simply devastating.  
"Proud of whose direct democracy defeated xenophobia. Left: Campaign from my time there. Right: Today. 
That hacks smartphones is established fact. Reminder that doesn't fact check:  
2016: a choice between Donald Trump and Goldman Sachs.
"Or ""I'd rather be a barista than work for 
This week, in exciting legal briefs! Apple calls the FBI a lying fearmongerer with poor cyber hygiene: The cloud has leverage because it knows tech and can move between nations. The land has leverage because it has more guns and …
In the long run, though, the increasing mobility of the global technology cloud will discipline the land. Too much demonizatio…"
"The ""singular they"" is a construct for expressing a neutral gender. 
"However bad you think this is, I promise you it's worse.  
"As attacks American privacy, is silent. Why? A secret email holds the answer:  
"There are moments in history when politics fail, and the public stands alone. 
That time Nelson and the used encryption to fight apartheid. Guess who declared them terrorists? 
Congressional intervention would weaken American companies relative to foreign competitors. The future is security. 
The more the public gets to see of both candidates, the more popular becomes.  htt…"
"Reuters: Wording in emails ""matched sections of some of the government's most highly classified documents."" 
"Don't sweat it. He's still got his, even after this! 
What if you have a lot of NSA rootkit problems? Asking for a friend.
There you have it: Yes, CMU attacked Tor. Yes, the feds subpoenaed them for IP addresses  
Oh, all the beautiful chat history that comes off of Skype in a simple backup. A smorgasbord for law enforcement. 
Really happy with the Signal anti-forensics architecture: encrypted database excluded from backup, key in keychain. htt…"
(2) Judge rules that a Tor user, choosing the securest tech on earth to protect his privacy, shows no intent ... to prot…",,(1) How badly broken is 3rd Party Doctrine and 'reasonable expectation of privacy' under the 4th Amendment? 
"With respect, I have no documents, and ask no special deference. As to journalists, see graf 2: 
Someone has never read my mentions. 
Happy birthday to WEB DuBois, who our gov't surveilled after WWI; labeled a ""rank socialist."" 
Whoa. 
"Interesting: NSA spied on UN refugee protection group, which joins alumni  
"To be clear, this is not a value statement (nor my analogy). It's an honest question to stimulate debate."
""You're going to help us torture this patient until he talks"" 
"On would those supportive of compelling Apple to harm their product similarly support compelling doctors to harm a patient?"
"The ""risk"" of decapping the chip is overstated. Risky when you're developing a process in the lab. Less so after."
Think only the ""good guys"" would use an iPhone back door?  
"Well, my linux distro doesn't have comic sans."
Same NSA chief who was writing poetry this week:  Can't imagine why he's allergic to reporters.,,Former CIA, NSA Chief has an Enemies List: it's composed not of terrorists but journalists  So the FBI's claim they were only after one iPhone in the San Bernardino case lasted...less than 24 hours.  
For students of history: 
BREAKING: Rich man favors central authority. 
Culture is the only weapon the people ever had.
It's important to understand these are actually words that he said.
"""Thirst,"" by  
"Pew poll finds when the government misinforms the public, the public is misinformed. Scientists baffled. I've been reviewing the Apple vs. FBI lawsuit and now realize how important it is that that Apple wins the lawsuit. Comey says the Apple order is just for San Bernardino. Cy Vance hopes hopes it's not
Reporters, if you talk to DOJ or the FBI about Apple, please ask them why the FBI hasn't sought the NSA's help. 
Apple posts ""answers to your questions"" on That iPhone, Apple, the FBI, and whether it has unlocked in the past 
"Actual rule of thumb: If the pieces are still bigger than confetti, you can't mark it ""destroyed."" Summing up: a Bush spends fortune to lose war against extremists.,,LIVE: Congratulations to who has just received the 2016! 
"Kind of amazing how every time I say this, it gets reported like it's the first time. It's been the same since 2013. BREAKING: Judge grants discovery in EFF's lawsuit against the NSA. Vital step forward in our case against mass spying
"I can't believe I have to say this, but SSL is not the name of Gandalf's eagle."Baseband exploits are irrelevant to 5-tuple records.
NSA routinely assists the FBI (I worked a joint CCNE op). Some FBI analysts have XKS.
Boom. Confirmed:  
"This is a joke, right?"
"With respect, it doesn't matter. You're forgetting XKEYSCORE. Five-tuples are forever."
Journalists: Crucial details in the v. case are being obscured by officials. Skepticism here is fair: FBI wants people to believe that Farook was using his work phone to contact other terrorist, not his private phone which he d…
"In one stroke, company access to data becomes liability rather than asset. Zero-knowledge systems are the response. 
can we boycott trump instead
Umm, has removed this entire section, about China, from its story about Apple vs FBI. Is this not strange? 
If this bill passes, it'll be the first pro-Tor legislation in the country. Inspired by our work at 
"Criminal masterminds take basic precautions that would thwart FBI's demand of Apple, as in article, while ordinary citizens don't."
"The insecurity mandate on will hurt ordinary citizens, not criminal masterminds. Here's why: 
"Without comment: the first paragraph of the introduction, page 3.  
Thank you everyone! yes the said that. 
Can you provide a link to the source document?
I hear the made a sworn declaration that there are no alternative means to unlock the phone. Anyone have a cite? It's important.
"An win against results in an insecurity mandate. A world where Americans can't sell secure products, but our competitors can.",,We stand with on strong We should not set a dangerous precedent: 
"Former NSA/CIA Director Hayden, who wiretapped everyone in America for says order is dangerous. 
CEO on demands that companies remove security measures from customers' devices.  
The New York Times: war on will aid China.  
Remember when, after the FBI chief first called for encryption backdoors, China did the same a few weeks later? 
if the gov hacks the iPhone themselves, they don't get the legal precedent they are so desperate to establish in this case.",,Reminder: The CIA, NSA have sunk money into developing methods to extract data from iPhones w/o Apple's help. 
If US does it, so will China, Russia, Iran, Venezuela, Cuba.
...and they won't limit themselves to terror attacks... htt…"
"Or more simply: ""if anyone other than the user can get in, it's not secure."" Manufacturer access is a vulnerability. 
If the US government dictating iPhone encryption design sounds ok to you, ask yourself how you'll feel when China dema…"
"This is the most important tech case in a decade. Silence means picked a side, but it's not the public's.  
The technical changes the demands would make it possible to break into an iPhone (5C or older) in a half hour. Rep says federal court ordering Apple to hack iPhone has far reaching implications  
"The is creating a world where citizens rely on to defend their rights, rather than the other way around. 
Delete your account. 
"have looked through innocents' webcams since 2008, and saved even bedroom shots:  
"Lawful extradition takes months, but gov kept a plane ready in hours. Media investigates. (Danish:)  NSA finally wins best at recording artists.  
"At the 166 nations recommended a global ban on ""bulk collection,"" rejected backdoors.  
"""please clap"" 
The deliberate targeting of any health facility is a war crime. How many more will we permit militaries to destroy? 
Counter-counterpoint: 
"Counterpoint: Failing to confirm a replacement could significantly increase voter turnout, which historically works against GOP."
Margaret Thatcher and misapplied death etiquette, by 
Things are about to get real. 
There is a link to the story in that tweet.
Disappointing: Journo allowed an official to direct how he'd write a story.  
That time when you have to delete a tweet because no one knows who Theresa May is.
This can't be real. 
Even the UK government agrees is a threat to rights. What it is:  
Art imitates life.   
When FBI says it is ""going dark"" what it wants you to think is (1). But reality is much closer to (2). 
FBI says it had 440 ""terrorism disruptions"" in 2015, but November DHS doc mentioned only 1 ""foiled plot"" 
"That's just everything you buy, everything you're interested in, and everyone you care about. 
Everyone else. 
Hmm.  Maybe we're doing something wrong, then. Abandoning open society for fear of terrorism is the only way to be defeated by it.
"who gave us the Statue of Liberty, just voted to end their own.  
"""Does anybody know who Kasich is?"" ""No."" ""Can't be worse."" 
""Waterboarding is not torture."" 
"20 years ago, the internet declared independence. Today, government threatens its first war.  
EFF Co-founder John Perry Barlow doing a live AMA rn on Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace 20th anniversary. 
"Police secretly destroyed citizens' reports of police misconduct, and we would never have known without a hacker. 
This story is so amazing and so important and yet no one cares. Its maddening.
“Look at that, you son of a bitch."" 
"Fortunately, reading this tweet means you're only a single degree away from an active investigation. Hypotheticals are less fun anyway."
"Wasn't properly linked to the previous tweet in the conversation chain, if you look closely."
"This isn't a criticism of facebook -- it's an illustration of how mass surveillance (""bulk collection!"") transforms everyone into a suspect."
"Six degrees of separation? After you're barely 3.5 degrees from  
"Judging UN ruling based on like or dislike of forgets that human rights defend principles by protecting blindly, best and worst."
And do things that were once impossible for a team of any size. 
"Last time they did this, we assembled the Minutemen.  Analysis: Julian is free to walk. But how far?    
DK Att. Gen. seems to confirm Denmark intended to violate principle of non-refoulement as I sought asylum. (Danish:) 
This writes a pass for every dictatorship to reject UN rulings. Dangerous precedent for UK/Sweden to set. 
Don't we all? 
Looks like it's confirmed. 
I would read that book.
Finally surveillance victim-blamers have their own version of ""She was asking for it by wearing that short skirt"" 
"If you're a hardware hacker or maker, this might be the coolest reference book of the year.  
Perish the thought.
Theory: Pro-crypto-backdoor blogposts are technologically flawed because learning tech converts them to our side
They really do have a word for everything. 
"There should be a German word for being completely unsurprised by government, but disappointed nonetheless."
Did the UK gov't leak a still-confidential report to about The one that criminalizes leaks? Golly. 
"This looks big, if early reports are correct: UN finds UK unlawfully detained founder Hard not to feel that has a point here.  
"When defense is an afterthought, it's not a National Security Agency. It's a National Spying Agency. European Commission defence of European rights sinks in an unsafe harbour.  
"It's not a ""Privacy Shield,"" it's an accountability shield. Never seen a policy agreement so universally criticized. 
Biggest story missed in the election haze: Canada's new govt sees mass surveillance problem.  
Is this a joke? ""this will not be an international agreement, but an exchange of letters""  "EU capitulates totally on Interesting, given that they held all the cards.  
It turns out money decides elections after all. 
Remember when the PM said Denmark shouldn't respect asylum law in my case? Turns out he had a secret.  Where the hell did China get the idea that it was OK to extraordinarily render someone without even a trial?!? 
And you guys say I have dad jokes. 
To be fair, faking GPG usage is almost as hard as actually using GPG. 
"Seems to indicate belief that lawmaker cowardice is the weakest link in our policy process. Email wasn't even real, just a mock-up."
Left: Samsung SmartTV privacy policy, warning users not to discuss personal info in front of their TV
Right: 1984 
The White House snowman culprits were the same ones who struck down in court! 
"Does see advantage in West limiting access to strong security? Juxtaposing ""spooky"" fake crypto with anti-crypto Cameron implies yes."
"Don't be jealous of my MS Paint skills either, guys. "Journos: The video's ""encrypted email"" is confirmed fake. If any official responds as if it's real, push back. 
The NYPD arrested a statue. Will the Capitol Police arrest a snow man? Story at 11.  
They really did it. 
It turns out Betteridge's Law isn't absolute.  
Our government should be better than this. 
"It hasn't premiered yet, has it? Is this... a leak?  
"Respect for candor, but open DMs. Still friends?"
PSA: NSA sees subtweets.
Built a snow fort for my child. She said it was too secure, and the lack of a government backdoor helped terrorists. No more C-…"
Let it go.,,they should pardon you for everything except this
absolute madman
You'll never take me alive. The people must know.
Audience q to ""How do you want the American people to remember you?"" A: ""I don't.  What ultimately matters are the i…"
Do you want to build a Snowden? (pic via 
"As intended. Even whose work I respect, gets facts wrong on NIT, and he's adept."
The FBI ""hired a heroin-addicted prostitute"" to become intimate with a suspect and get him to sell drugs. Court: OK. 
You guys just sent so many DMs that Twitter's web interface can't even display them. You're the best.
Life with open DMs. never give up 
Some things just leave you speechless. that url tho
For this, maybe he should be arrested 
Parker.,,This undoes all the good you've done.
Don't hate.
"Soon, even D.C. will be Snowden. 1/ We have a problem: Our privacy debate does not reflect the color of surveillance. My essay in htt…
Hot leeks. Federal courts have given the government wide latitude to break the law in pursuit of criminals. From a brief: 
More worrying than FBI temporarily running a server that contained child porn, is hacking computers anywhere in the world w…",,The FBI may have hacked innocent users of TorMail in 2013. 
"FBI knowingly distributed child porn. ""We ran the site, but didn't post, so it's ok."" Novel.  
If Making a Murderer has you worried about planted evidence, think about how easy that is when police are allowed to hack you t…"
"Relevant to the 2001 ref: watch in full, esp reply, despite awkward intro. This is just the best. 
Has anyone told Joe Biden? I wonder if he agrees with his Commerce Secretary. 
You have the right to remain private.
"He's right. This is how we fight. This is how we win. Together, we can 
3/ Think about this: from 2009 - mid-2015, Congress passed *0* laws expanding consumer privacy. California? Over 24. htt…"
It's time. Ready to of your rights back from corporations and govt in 16 states?  
"Other things Chairman McCaul thinks I created: famine, climate change, bieber. British authorities had argued publication of the files was a terrorist act. UK court disagrees: 
a government that knows everything preventing citizens from knowing anything.  
That time when Theresa May got so angry she broke Twitter.  Great court victory for David Miranda in Snowden-related case. Absurd he was held at Heathrow under terrorism act. 
"Huge: Appeals Court rejects UK's effort to criminalize an act of journalism as ""terrorism.""  
Learning a lot from the tag. How many young leaders are being pressed down today? Imprisoned US journalist calls on prison official to accept journalism award for him  There is a vast difference between security of citizens and security for the state. More people…
Twitter is different when smartphones look like grenades. TL is a history of NSA's PR office carefully searching for better jobs.,,9/ And it's not just the past: is tracked by the DHS - an agency created to fight terrorism. 7/ Name a civil rights leader. Chances are strong that he or she was surveilled in the name of national security. 
"When a politician says ""national security,"" remember what they mean by it. Always. 
"Quietly, without fanfare, the courts are doing what politicians dare not. 
"On reflection, Twitter is a lot like checking other people's email."
"Absolutely not, even for people who know what they're doing. My twitter use is going to be in an post-mortem someday."
was a radical. He was also exactly what we needed.  
Checking Twitter shouldn't feel like checking email.
"The ""Christmas presents"" are flattering, ladies, but the FBI has a warrant. Bonus points to the first journalist to get an official ruling from and/or (Corrected) 
Right you are. Oops!
I wouldn't even need a ride back. "VPNs are good, but their weakness is the single point of failure: hack or subpoena that one point to see everything. 
They'll probably go with the hoodie. More rustle for their hustle.
"Without Tor, when you walk the streets of the internet, you're always watched.  How is it on the same day Ia member of congress who loves mass surveillance that people still think RTs are endorsements? "I don't know how to break this to you, but the first tweet exchange already made you closer than ""three hops."""
At your service.
Cold sweat,,am i in a nightmare rn 
A set of interactive comics about shady DEA operations abroad, with  
One of the most blistering New York Times op-Eds I've ever read on ""Cleveland's Terrible Stain.""
"Frmr chair of House Intel Comm, 1 of only 8 members of Congress to be briefed on EVERYTHING, inc. covert action. 
"My bad. Apologies, Adam!"
UK reporters: remember the recent Wilson Doctrine expiry? Relevant in wake of, latest.  
Days and days after swearing they wouldn't. 
Did the NSA lie to Congress? Compare today's to Sanders' clear 2014 question on spying:  
No kidding! I'm out.
The solution to the Juniper mystery seems to be for to apply to work at NSA's CES and to go to NSA's NCSC.
I speculate two explanations: 1) Witting US backdoors are better-compartmented 2) Legal restrictions on such efforts.
"And of the rare cases of witting backdoors that I have first-hand knowledge of, all of them are foreign providers."
"Priority point: NSA does work w witting tech partners to insert a backdoor, but that's EXCEPTIONAL, not standard."
"Fair point, but I'm trying to illustrate general principles of how the backdoor-insertion process works."
"6) NSA, realizing their bad standard has been subverted by the adversary, takes action to close. Notifies Juniper (likely via cutout)."
5) CI effort or NTOC catches adversary in act of Juniper exploitation or using Dual-EC for exfil. Investigate. Discovery.
"4) Top-tier adversary subverts the backdoored standard (then-unusable) in ScreenOS codebase. NSA doesn't notice, bc not using."
"3) No way to know if Juniper voluntarily shared their non-standard points with NSA (many do), but time-til- detection implies did not."
"2) When unwitting backdoor efforts fail (example, nonstandard point adoption), NSA simply moves on. Likely what happened with Juniper."
"Vendors aren't explicitly asked to ""backdoor"" products. Too risky. Even NCSC unlikely to know when NSA recs poisoned. No need to know."
It works like this: 1) NSA encourages credulous partners to adopt Dual-EC via NCSC ( Some do. Some weak.
Many *are* talking about all exploits without any nuance. Juniper's Dual EC point change unlikely to be NSA -- USG notified them!
Burning an exploit protects infrastructure for the six weeks it takes to develop another. Then what? Look farther. thanks for updating my router diagram 
"Lessons in ""things you are not supposed to say out loud."""
Studies in snark.  
So you're saying we need documents.
- The Drone Papers and Spy Catalog are good examples bc TI nexus. Resourcing or competition? What are we seeing?
"A bit sad to see NYT or WP front page in 2015 starting to suffer same gaps as smaller outlets like HuffPo or Buzzfeed: loss of the ""go to""."
"Upon reading story, I notice 3 of 2015's biggest NatSec stories can't be found in or even today. "Two countries, one system."
Unfortunately. 
"If you want to make the internet safer, here's your chance. 
This is the legacy of our fear.  
There are moments in history that teach us it can happen anywhere. We just left one of our own.
US surveillance policy has become so intrusive that China now adopting it. Not a joke.  
Imagine if the government went after corruption as hard as it goes after guys who run filesharing sites. Priorities. 
Wow. That is... wow.   So bizarre/creepy how US continues to try to grab even though he's not American, never even visited US We reveal: Mr Claus confirms attack on NON database  
""criminal use of encryption may be declining"" Obama is right: terrorism has taken over cable news  by 
Relative effort matters.
"The more keeps up their vocal defense of digital rights, the more conspicuous comparative absence. 
standing up to defend your rights against new total surveillance bill. Leadership.   Can you? - 
Keen to speak w/ any Juniper developers 2006-present. If you can, please contact via  It's importa…"
"Historic. Imagine a world where elections are more than a choice between one or the other. Congratulations, Spain!  
I'll just leave this here. 
"Sanders unexpectedly more credible on foreign policy than OM and Clinton, who repeat conventional wisdom that failed for a decade.That Libya coalition worked out great.
Aaaaaaaaand Hillary just terrified everyone with an internet connection. "To be clear, what matters is that the plaintext of messages is *accessible* to the server (or service provider), not whether it's ""stored.""",,It's just how Telegram works and is self-documented to work:  Only their marketing copy suggests …
"I respect but Ptacek is right: defaults are dangerous. Without a major update, it's unsafe. 
I'll leave this here. Belgacom VPN gates hacked by GCHQ were Juniper.
This thinking misses the point. Juniper just *closed* backdoors in their product. Cisco's still wide open. 
Worst surveillance bill since passes 316-113 (R:150-95/D:166-18). Sad day for liberty, privacy, and our consti…"
I voted against the omnibus because it contained CISA. 
Pointblank: CISA harms security; liberty. I could not vote for that.",,Telling that has so little to say about abuses in Agrabah.
Read this: ""TSA Doesn't Care That Its Luggage Locks Have Been Hacked”  
"I did in fact build a time machine, travel back to 2012, and get hired as Juniper dev to prove a point. "Mandating security flaws is dangerous, whether TSA or NSA. ""Master keys"" are quickly copied.  
Reports indicate a backdoor designed by NSA has been repurposed by America's adversaries and used against us: 
Congress just concealed an entire surveillance law within tomorrow's must-pass budget.  
Almost as if mass surveillance were ineffective. 
"Maybe he meant to say ""it's complicated.""  
"Remember when Obama said ""nobody is listening to your phone calls?""  
Sometimes a call makes working for the NSA totally worth it.  .  on Ashley Madison and the database of ruin.  
"Seville was already one of my favorite cities, but this just makes it even better. New crowdfunding campaign to help local independent journalists hold police accountable.  
Help us fight back against the abuse of secrecy. It's time to investigate the investigators.  
"But even if it did, it would not be a victory. Abandoning open society for fear of terrorism is the only way to be defeated by it."
The govt itself admits the kind of universal surveillance the FBI Director wants has never stopped a single attack. 
"This isn't about guns, either. It's about what actually saves lives. Those who stopped attacks on train and were unarmed."
"CC: Congressional aides, Journalists: Think about this when discussing proposals to shackle American tech companies. 
"A candidate just waved away defending the Constitution as ""the usual complaints, freedom of speech, etc."" Wow. 
"""No, not wittingly.""  
"If anybody ever says the Govt can only get two years of phone records, send them this:  
"Relevant: fails to issue corrections for a widely discredited report, leading to an epic takedown. 
"Ever have one of those days where you just wanted to play Fallout 4, but somebody says something so dumb you have to get on Twitter?"
"""I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it."" 
-Mandela 
This is also the new tourism slogan for Sweden more generally.
"Come for the great long-form interview, stay for the accidental photo vibe.  
"Law and Subversion - How Europe can blaze a trail for whistleblowers, by Wolfgang Kaleck for ZEIT: 
Found the guy. 
"Well, I have been needing to get my glasses fixed... 
University lab - possibly at CMU - worked with FBI to compromise Tor network, expose users -   Serious e…"
"ACLU: committed ""the most massive breach of the attorney-client privilege in... history."" 
Wow. is America's Shanghai Jiaotong. Journalists following up on CMU/FBI story: Call the CMU General Counsel. Ask if Tor team got IRB approval for research. If n…
Docs suggest CMU team who pulled BlackHat talk identified Tor hidden servers, visitors, turned them over to FBI. 
"Surreal: The UK wants to violate citizens' rights, then require they pay for the pleasure. 
"Sorry, the security through obscurity one was meant in response to you."
Once. 
"It's ""security through obscurity"" with better marketing. It does have some value, but means failures are catastrophic - and often invisible."
This policy means we suffer preventable attacks from known vulns tunneled e2e. Hubris to think sees all shellcode. Even reckless.
"Worst vulns are only disclosed after adversary use detected or burned. Effective, but reckless. Severity matters. The congressional committee addressing copyright reform is going to Hollywood tomorrow to meet with Disney and dine with MPAA. Lit…
"Work at FBI, NSA, CIA, et al? Consider if undisclosed programs comply with the Constitution:  
"Judge finds ""bulk collection"" is arbitrary, indiscriminate, and fails to minimize intrusion, BCC:'s Theresa May. 
"As UK expands bulk interception with a new US courts declare it a rights violation. 
"Judge rejects govt claim that so long as you aren't targeted individually, dragnet searches of your life are ok. 
"Court affirmed 4th Amendment protections against NSA's mass surveillance, defending ""the right to be left alone."" 
"Happening now: Court rejects gov's pleas for delay, finding ""even one day"" without rights is ""significant harm."" 
"In historic decision, US Court finds spying violated Americans' rights. Victory!  Great series by Arundhati Roy, on their visit with,  htt…
"just compared me with a spree shooter. On grounds even CIA said were ridiculous - in 2013! Old people TV, man. ICYMI: Courts are chipping away at the USG view that laptops are merely “containers” to search freely at borders. 
"The problem with the new is trying to fit the law around the spying, rather than making spying fit the law. It's backwards."
Its just your browsing history
Its just who you called
Its just when you called them
Its just your movements
No, its your …"
""By then it will be too late."" in the FT on the latest snoopers charter Anti-whistleblower clause in 
What GCHQ says privately about ""damaging"" public debate:  
There's a dark irony to Theresa May's admission today that the UK has secretly engaged in domestic mass surveillance since 1984. impressions: the safeguards are flimsier than they seem at first glance, while the new powers are more robust.",,It's a very well-spun bill aimed at extending spying powers while finding 'acceptable' smidge of oversight to nullify legal …,,A serious question about the bill. Arguably this is judicial supervision rather than authorisation. 
"""judicial oversight"" seems notional, not serious. Judges need power to weigh evidence, propriety. Give me access to that data in bulk and I can have a blackmail target for every office of every member of parliament.
CC: Media 
Requires, at minimum, ISPs to keep bulk netflow and passive DNS on everybody. Which really DOES get your web history
"Your web records are not like ""an itemised phone bill,"" they're like a list of every book you've ever opened. Consider me corrected. I should have been clearer..If only I had the power.
"I think that has to come from the President, but I appreciate the offer. 
does not require individualized judicial authorization in advance of *interception*. Such a dragnet is mass surveillance.
"By my read, legitimizes mass surveillance. It is the most intrusive and least accountable surveillance regime in the West."
Achievement unlocked.
Please let this be a thing. Andy Burnham: proposals are “neither a nor a plan for mass surveillance”  
Wondering why May is at pains to claim emails are safe? There's a history.  
Tory MPs taking notes on how to defend the indefensible from the experts. Disappointing. 
"It's not about something to hide, it's about something to lose."
"""I don't need privacy, I've nothing to hide"" argues ""I don't need free speech, I've nothing to say."" Rights = Power 
Difficult to reconcile what's revealed in new with the NCND position Govt took in face of disclosures."
"Consensus according to every credible cryptographer and computer scientist, ""Not safely:""  
"seeks legal cover for programs made ""secret"" to avoid court challenges, not save lives.  
"""It's only communications data"" = ""It's only a comprehensive record of your private activities."" It's the activity log of your life. """Don't use twitter"" is certain to be in the post-mortem."
I use Signal every day. (Spoiler: they already know) 
"Are your readers having trouble understanding the term ""metadata""? Replace it with ""activity records."" That's what they are. """Metadata"" means records about your private activities and associations. It's an activity dossier. The novelty is in the lack of warrants."
"Even for encrypted connections on shared servers, comparing transmission sizes and certificates shows which site the target loaded."
"Journos: if officials say they aren't capturing your web history, push back. ""Metadata"" reveals every site you hit. 
h/t Thanks!
Explainer from British industry re: deceptive UK govt spin about weakening crypto security:  Lord Carlisle claims no evidence of security services rogue snooping on remember this revelation? 
"Journos: UK officials don't want to ""ban encryption"" -- they want to ban encryption that *works*. Deceptive intent. 
"Tech industry, the UK's new law is aimed at you. Permit by one government, permit by all. Who do you work for? 
"5 days ago, I warned UK govt sought to ban strong encryption, despite public denials.  Today: "Report: FBI performed unspecified ""electronic surveillance"" over Baltimore. Likely their phones.  Includes first statements from and my EU legal team. 
"This is not a blow against the US Government, but an open hand extended by friends. It is a chance to move forward. 
"Extraordinary. Reports appear to be true. 
"Hearing reports EU just voted 285-281, overcoming huge pressure, to cancel all charges against me and prevent extradition. Game-changer."
""Runaway surveillance blimp"" is the perfect metaphor for the military/intelligence industrial complex. And the perfe…"
Apparent second confirmation that mass surveillance leads to unauthorized travel. 
"I should know better by now, but even I still have trouble believing that ""runaway surveillance blimp"" is actually a thing."
"Traditional, effective surveillance means targeting suspects. 
Not a population. 
Not a technology. 
Not a service. 
The suspect."
"A company cannot provide special access to a one government without losing access to the markets of all others. Work for one, work for all."
"""Why not,"" some ask. Because otherwise a warrant from Shanghai would mean Google can be required to tap the Queen's emails for China."
"A warrant permits the disclosure of records companies already retain for their business purposes, and no more. It cannot deputize a company."
The warrant is immaterial. A backdoor that requires a warrant is still a backdoor.
A backdoor is a mechanism to provide secret access to otherwise confidential communications. It has nothing to do with warrants.
"Translation for UK journalists: ""Of course we want backdoors, but only for everything people actually use."" ht 
A gentleman never tells.
In case you were wondering why was picked to write a puff piece for  
Times: Q:How does GCHQ access foreign cables carrying data? A: 'That's the magic. We can't say' 
Er, look at this Imagine being the journalist thought to be unquestioning enough to be let inside GCHQ to write about it.  
That feeling when you find a tweet so perfect it cannot possibly be improved.
"Report: Banks, telcos happiest with while public disappointed.  
Here are the names of the Senators who voted against your rights on Is yours on the list? Share their names. This is not over. still has to go through a conference committee. We won't stop fighting. Join us: Tech companies and civil liberties groups force Obama to weigh in on encryption debate:  
Now it's off to the House.,,This is the opposite of Congress listening to the people 
We'll name the names of people who voted in favor afterwards. A vote for is a vote against the internet. 
Silver lining: blocking all the privacy amendments to means it's now a straight up/down vote on your rights. Where does you rep stand?
"In one hour, the Senate resumes voting against the internet. Tell them you're watching: 1-985-222-CISA. 
"""Yea"" means in favor (in this case of a privacy-protecting amendment), so good."
"""Things that are better not to bring up to a body claiming to be concerned with 'cybersecurity:'"" 
For those wondering what everyone is talking about: 
The Senate seriously needs a new CDN. 
The Senators that voted against these amendments voted against the internet. Is yours on the list? 
Senate has voted down ALL the pro-privacy amendments to because this is not a cybersecurity bill, it's a surveil…"
Where agencies that repeatedly fail to secure their own private records demand access to yours. Shots fired. 
"gives companies legal immunity for violating privacy laws if they also give your data to the government. Call Congress,We made it embarrassingly easy to tweet your Senator's to with just one click. RT!  ht…
"The zombie surveillance bill is back, and the vote is tomorrow. Want to stop it? Check the reddit AMA live: 
In line with pretty much everyone else, including Rector 
U.N. report calls on governments to protect whistleblowers, not prosecute them  by 
Edward Snowdenhands, you guys. 
EDWARD SNOWDENHANDS.
Bravo, Brian Matthews. ( 
Shameful: secretly backing Senate's zombie surveillance bill while publicly pretending to oppose it. she also had the courage to tell the truth to SPD's leaders: they don't want to give asylum w-blowers 
This week Sarah Harrison received the One of the world's bravest women.  
"Despite objections, UK's advancing bill threatening student, university autonomy.  Like USG did to Jim Risen. 
"Wow. The United Nations just came out in favor of international whistleblower protections, reports:  "Oh, my mistake. Second part is 10/23. A single day to go from advocating spying on the public to condemning police accountability."
"10/24, FBI Dir blasts even a much lower level of police oversight as dangerous. [2/2]  
"10/22, FBI Dir defends spying on the public as ""helpful"" oversight. [1/2]  
"Process alone distinguishes police from criminal, yet it was violated to spy on reporters.  
.It's called root because admins can't dance.
Did anyone tell the President?  
"""The NSA will do what they can and will suffer what she must."" -Thucydides Reminder: This is how the man who leaked the Pentagon Papers was treated in 1973.  Maybe Robert Litt should have encrypted his email.
"Not gonna lie, I want that second one. 
Litt on having publish an email in which he hoped for a terrorist attack.  
When N.H. voter says Ed Snowden is ""close to a patriot,"" disagrees, says he could've come out under whistle…"
Sad to see Hillary repeat a false claim despite fact check. She could develop a reputation.  .documents reveal Australia accessed spy data more than UK over 12 months. More on tonight courage is contagious
"Today, is smiling. 
"When we look back on today, we will find the most important national security story of the year. 
"In an astonishing act of civil courage, one American just shattered an unspeakable lie.  
There's never been a major leak of documents relating to the U.S. drone program. Until now. 
.""Whether the Internet disrupts the status quo or reinforces it is up to us."" "These two psychologists directed the torture of unarmed prisoners. Today, ACLU fights back.  
"Dear lawyers, it is a joke. Please stop DM'ing me."
I need a new lawyer.
YOU'RE RUINING MY MYSTIQUE WIZNER
What if he has been in the US the whole time?! 
I'm down. Let's make it happen. 
.Minority leaders disproportionately targeted by surveillance long before Hoover wiretapped MLK. How can we highlight the danger?
An individual trying to limit speech at universities is interested in neither university nor justice. 
"And always, always, always have a backup plan for leaderless resistance. Spontaneous organization is the hardest for adversaries to counter."
"Organize. Compartmentalize to limit compromise. Encrypt everything, from calls to texts (use Signal as a first step) 
"Richelieu: ""Give me six lines written by the most honest man and I will find in them something to hang him."" How many tweets have you sent?"
We're witnessing the same trends on the internet: our common fabric of communication is becoming co-opted for military purposes.
policy proposals illustrate the kind of civil control of state power that could end the increasing militarization of society
"Police violence, like surveillance, is unevenly distributed. Arbitrary violence is a threat to civil society. 
Even the founders recognized that collective action is not in conflict with individual interest. 
"Defending collective rights is not altruism, it's an individual imperative. Solidarity makes citizen equal to State. 
"""First"" and ""only"" are separate concepts. The first victims of abuse are never the last, from IPV to armed conflict. 
"If you want to protect your rights, you've got to protect the rights of others. Social justice is common sense."
"Women and minorities - racial, religious, and political - suffer first from abuses of power.  
"Ask yourself: at every point in history, who suffers the most from unjustified surveillance? It is not the privileged, but the vulnerable."
"Defending a right is not about of something to hide. It's about something to lose. 
"Surveillance is not about safety, it's about power. It's about control. 
Found the Hacker News poster.  
Civil.  
I'm quickly learning not to link to any site without a massive CDN.
"When someone has hacked you, no tool can protect you. That's why it's called ""owning"" the box. It no longer belongs to you."
"Locational anonymity. Sometimes the point of a mixnet is not to conceal who you are, but where. Selective sharing. 
Cert pinning and HSTS limit the impact of bad exits for the vast majority of ordinary users' activities (facebook). 
"Well, there was one time I used Tor to communicate with journalists while sought by the actual NSA. ""Most cases."" 
"Australia now records what you do online for 2 years. How to keep it private, via 
Sorry about the deleted Australia tweets. I broke a few links. Let's try that one more time...
"Is mass surveillance also a problem in your country? Unlike a VPN, is free.  
Thank you. See TL
Better suggestions are always welcome. Thoughts?
"Beginning today, if you are Australian, everything you do online is being tracked, stored, and retained for 2 years. 
A closed court is no court at all. Justice must be seen to be done.  
It is unconscionable for courts to convict journalists behind closed doors. Iranian leaders bear an obligation to correct this injustice.
Iran's shocking conviction of a journalist on secret evidence must not stand.  US bombing of hospital MUST be investigated now:  
My copy edit of this ""Reviews Say OH Officer Who Shot Boy Acted Reasonably""
htt…",,Deep State trigger warning.  
"NYT: High officials routinely engage in felony behavior, yet none receive felony sentences.  
"No, I got Macrina'd. Impressive work. The idea of using libraries as exits (and failing that, middle nodes) is inspired."
"DHS fought to stop libraries from using privacy technology, but beat them. Librarians are badass. 
"""The world is a dangerous place not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing."" Obama still hasn't taken a public stance against encryption backdoors. Tell him to speak up and help 
For those asking how tracking phones and wireless devices (your laptop) from a plane works:  
"If you click the links in those those tweets, you'll find primary source documents establishing the facts for each. 
Tech designed to fight Al Qaeda gets used to track War front to home front. 
"...very soon, that same tech is used by our own government to monitor us at home.  
"We spend billions of dollars spying on innocents abroad. You might be ok with that, but...  
"And for the record, these statistics are not from me -- they're from a government report written by defenders of the NSA."
"Claim: NSA mass surveillance keeps us safe. Fact: In over 10 years, not 1 life saved in US.   
That time when you have to apologize to every unshaven white guys with glasses. 
"They let the other team score all over them, then erased the tape, right?   When pranked us into thinking was free and at 
"New chapter of secret deal, limiting access to medicine and IP, unveiled by  Purdue defends its blatant attack on free speech (deleting video of talk).  
More on scandal by or NatSec regs: which wins?  
"We need global reform for global problems, and it must start with the spies.  
After more than 100 breaches, Congress demands action against Experian. Just kidding. They want information sharing 
"It's not about something to hide. It's about something to lose. It's time to fight, internet.  
"Three cats and you're a cat lady, right? But nobody ever called a guy a cat lord. Congratulations to the extraordinary winners. Strive for peace.  The awesome on Kunduz  
You have an incredible talent. Thank you for sharing it with us.
"""Beware of artists. They mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous."" -King Leopold 
"The brands were chosen by what happened to be at the US lawyer's news stand that day, but I'd invite you to send others toNine years after she was brutally assassinated--Remembering Anna Politkovskaya, her courage/ | The Nation 
"Nice try, 
I'll bet he still had access to the hacker tool known as wget.
Academic Freedom week continues. 
I'm not sure any quantity of years is going to sound appropriate for a crime whose impact was measured in minutes.,,The defaced LA Times article was up for 40 minutes. The govt could not prove any readers ever saw it.
"For defacing an article for 40 minutes, journo faces 25 years. Years. 
Know your audience. 
Accidental DDoS.
Dude, you broke our web site. We're working to accommodate the extra traffic. DOD asked Purdue to unpublish a video of my keynote at the conference. Purdue wiped it. My thoughts: 
.destroyed recordings of a lecture by Pulitzer winner Sad day for academic freedom. 
I was told to stop tweeting cat pictures. This is a protest. The cat pictures will continue until morale improves.  
Our Laureates are Tony de Brum, Sheila Watt-Cloutier, Kasha Jacqueline and Gino Strada! 
Cats complete me.
"Even if an enemy is attacking from inside a hospital, you may not bomb w/o warning patients.  Not a single member of our staff reported any fighting inside the hospital compound prior to the US airstrike on Saturday morning …
AC-130 warplanes record the gunner's video and audio. It's time to release the tapes to an 
Somehow this has become routine. The reporting. My response. The aftermath. We've become numb. 
This is (was) hospital, sorrounded by gardens; fields MSF shared with NATO, no other targets in vicinity. i like how doctors without borders are not accepting any bullshit. they're my role models.  
TIL there's a real life Eye of Sauron in Afghanistan. And Maryland. Caught by  
I just died in Moscow. Well played.
Disappointed that Michael Hayden is implying I'll be killed in Moscow. He used to be more fun. 
rekt 
Fus Ro NYA!
"French Parliament, please take note.  
Bottom line: the ruling indicates the indiscriminate interception of communications is a violation of rights. Search OR seizure.
"The decision on can't strike off the books in the US, but it shows it does not comport with international law."
"This can be done without the involvement of any company via surveillance, or with the company's knowledge via "Instead, NSA analysts can arbitrarily effect a search that meets the AG's certification on simple grounds of ""suspicion."""
surveillance of an ordinary German citizen does not involve demonstrating probable cause to a court or even judge.
allows NSA to intercept communications on the basis of class-based certifications signed by the AG instead of court orders.
"was abused under US law due to which allowed a US official to authorize spies to monitor people without court orders."
This is the second time in as many years the world has relied upon to defend digital rights. Thank you Europe. "Congratulations, You've changed the world for the better.  
Europe's high court just struck down a major law routinely abused for surveillance. We are all safer as a result. 
That is an adorable study aid.
He's magnificent. I love cats. Thank you.
"I'd rather not be trusted. Instead, review the evidence and draw your own conclusion.  
".reports uses the internet to manipulate reputations, online discourse.  
Pik-- I'm kidding. How could it not be missingno? The government says surveillance is keeping us safe. Why do the targets look like this?  
It's not about me. It's about whether you'd rather know the truth.  
"Did you know GCHQ classified mass surveillance not to save lives, but to avoid public debate?  
"I forgot to turn off notifications. Twitter sent me an email for each:
Follow
Favorite
Retweet
DM
47 gigs of notifications. "So, uh, I can't seem to ""show all"" on my DMs. Is there a message limit? My friend Jim is also curious. 
Official government source on the email: 
"New government doc states planted government questions to shape interview. If true, sad to see. 
Want to protect yourself against NSA? Start at home. social media self-defense.  
Often overlooked. Sometimes the biggest threats are the ones closest to home.  
Uncovering mass surveillance is starting to look like a viable social media strategy.
"Meanwhile, a thousand people at Fort Meade just opened Twitter."
.Stay free.
".told me never stopped progress. Neither in 1776 nor today. [2/2] 
".Hero, traitor -- I'm just a citizen with a voice. [1/2]"
".Surveillance never sleeps, and secret projects are keeping me busy, but I still find time for cat pictures."
.Thanks for the welcome. And now we've got water on Mars! Do you think they check passports at the border? Asking for a friend.
Can you hear me now?
tweet_text
Follow along for highlights from tonight's 
"That feeling when you wake up and it's the weekend.Chefs in Naples set new world record for longest pizza at 2km!
Follow the and to the Finals. "Ever shown up to work wearing the same thing as your coworker? 
We want to see your photos.
".moved to Osaka and is exploring his city, one broadcast at a time 
"We're here for you You got this! 
Filter noise into knowledge with "Celebrating the Cosmos -- Happy  ✨ 
 What's scaring you the most today?""Remix and repeat on with this week's channel featuring Drones 🐥🚁
Now live! "When words aren't enough, add some 💪 to your Tweet with emojis. "Not just back, but It's unanimous — congratulations, MVP!We built an interactive of how the US election has unfolded on Twitter. Learn more:
Broadcast from a bird's eye view with drones! Available on iOS soon.Welcome to Twitter, 🇫🇷 "We love Moms — and based on your Tweets, you do too!   
Let her hear it! 
"Our heart gallops for your Tweet-powered brooch, Follow the devastating as it continues to develop with meteorologist  See how brought Twitter employees together to make a difference around the 🌏  htt…
"That's easy, Lazy coffee river for breakfast, salsa surfing for lunch, and then a sensible dinner. 
When you get a chance to dish with about and Twitter before Mother's Day, you take it. Tomorrow we give back to our communities around the 🌎 for — follow along with 
I'm typing The Complete Works of William Shakespeare, word by word, one Tweet at a time. 
"I got a bad feeling about this. 
"Mixed just for you, tune in to the best of Twitter with Highlights on Android. Thank you today and every day! 👏 
A title for View their trophy, made of Tweets celebrating their remarkable win.
"Catch up on the tech-inspired, show-stopping looks at last night's "With less than 100 days until the 2016 Olympics, join the on the with new Twitter emojis! 
Wow.
"Keeping it 💯 at 100! "Pucker up 💋"Dance like nobody's watching — show us your moves! 💃
"Take some laps with the on Block lets you control your experience on Twitter. Find out how it works to protect you."Create, collab, and chill with this week's featuring 🎸 
 "The best stories on Twitter, all at your fingertips with Moments. "Science says your dog hates hugs, but what do you say? 🐶 
Mute is one of many tools to give you the best possible experience on Twitter. Find out how it works to protect you.
It's just 100 days until Follow the as the countdown continues Report abuse on Twitter more easily than ever. Find out how to protect yourself and others.Check out this Tweetstorm from on eliminating malaria around the 🌎 
"Twitter is committed to keeping our community safe. Today, we've improved the ability to report abuse to us. 
.has returned with 
Play your part! Mark the 400th anniversary of the Bard of Avon's death with a soliloquy in Tweets. Watch; get weird at Coachella 🌴 Now on Vine
See a visualization of over 6M Tweets yesterday in memory of Prince. Zoom in:  🇪🇸  Ever wondered about the real-time air quality in your area? Now you can find out with a Tweet. Happy 
""What the migrant crisis looks like"" by Pulitzer Prize winning images for Breaking News Photography.
.on Sledding in Svalbard 
Celebrate National Park Week and with Tweets from participating US parks:  "👶 or 🍞 ?
✅ Tap the Message button✅ Weekend plans, done! "Why did leave his tank at the aquarium? 🐙
The final game for 60 points, 4.2 million Tweets  "From helpful to hilarious, explore the automated world of Twitter bots 🤖
The story of Kobe Bryant's epic career, as told by his 10 most popular tweets:  
"Group Direct Messages keep those who need to know, in the know. "For 🏔 views and 🐬 visits, coast to Kaikoura, New Zealand."Hear that? Turn up the volume for favorite new music, powered by 🎧 "From liftoff to landing, see how kicked off a very special delivery 🚀 
"Calling all cricket fans! Ahead of relive how the played out on Twitter:  How would your Tweets look in watercolor? 🎨 We've done lots of Twitter tours of our many museums' collections. See them all:  
"We start, you finish with a friend. Fill in the blank when you send this privately with the new Message button. 
"Hear it first. Get notifications when your favorite accounts Tweet. 
Learn how:  The new Message button makes it even easier to send Tweets privately to friends:  You can now copy and paste from Bitmoji Keyboard into a Tweet on iOS! To help us celebrate, Tweet this new bitmoji 
The looks great! 
Get a glimpse of the future of culture here;  
"On Day, are you ...",,Where will you find fans of each of the teams? Check out our map, see who your town is talking about. Travel back in time with  for Play ball with this season on Twitter.  Want more "Brace yourself, has come to Dubrovnik. 
"Starting today, anyone can make Tweets with images accessible to the visually impaired:  
"To kick off discover museums' most well-kept secrets: "is back! Join 3,000+ cultural institutions for a celebration of art and culture:  ️A dozen ideas for an egg-tastic via ⚡ Periscope's first birthday is tomorrow! Help us start celebrating by broadcasting with 🎉🎈 "Cherry blossoms are blooming on Twitter (and in Washington, DC!) 🌸  ⏪👆⏩ See her in action this Friday. Give these ScratchReels a scrub: "On our 10th birthday we thank you for making history, driving change, lifting each other up, and laughing together every day. 
"Your Tweets help us to Thanks for being here, 
Our love doesn't end at email. And thank you for always being so Kanye! 
Thanks for using Twitter to bring people closer to what's happening on the Senate floor. 
"thanks for inspiring us with your Tweets. High five! 
"thanks for Tweeting with us! We can't wait to see what more 2016 holds. 
Breaking news: we agree! 
"Thanks for Tweeting those three little words, 
We're just getting started! 
Thanks! We're so glad you're here. 
"thank you for owl-ways being on Twitter! 
Your thank-you goat is in the mail 
Haven't we all? "thank you! Here's to new beginnings, Kojima-san.  
We love confetti too! It looks great on you. 
"Here's to breaking the internet, 
How's this?!?!? 
Your wait is over! 
"Thanks, for reminding us all to take time to reflect and enjoy life. 
We're ready for that confetti hurricane! Going to be a great journey now that you're here 
"Thank you, for being a voice of both truth and humor. 
"We agree Neville, let's make history together 
Thanks for Tweeting Keep crushing it in the octagon and in 140 characters. 
Welcome to the flock! We'll save some cake for you. 
"thanks for the love (and Tweets) all these years! 
"thank you for bringing your on point hair game to Twitter.  We can neither confirm nor deny that this is one of our favorite Tweets "Thank you, (and the for not keeping your Tweets ""to yourself.""  
"Balloons for us? Well, right back at ya! 
"Thank you, for making us laugh and inspiring us with your hustle. Here's to ten more. At least. 
"thanks for channeling your sports rivalry into a good cause and taking us along with you! 
"Welcome home, so glad you're here 
"Keep leveling up, Riku! 
"Your Tweets are out of this world, Thank for you sharing your with us. 
"What can we say, we love love 
We're all about those red hearts too 
"Thank you, for your authenticity and activism on Twitter. I made this for and Spain's city of Jun that runs on Twitter 
Tears of joy for the free laughs 
For you it can! 
"we think your Tweets are great!  
Glad you're here with us! 
Glad you're here for the journey. 
Birthday twinsies FTW! But don't worry we're celebrating in other ways "Here's to you, for taking us behind the scenes and keeping it real while hosting the Oscars. 
"happy to have you on Twitter. Thanks for Tweeting with us! "stay gold. 
Our kind of story time! 
Right back at ya! 
"thank you! Your Tweets bring people into the Office of the Speaker like never before. 
"squared. just setting up my twttr,,Remembering the power of Twitter 
"thank you for bringing people closer to Congress through Twitter. 
"what can we say? You're great on the gridiron and on Twitter. Thanks for sharing.  
Awesome Tweet! 12/10. Would Retweet. 
Encore! We love you more! 
"Thank you, for using Twitter to bring fans closer to the movies they love. "Thanks for your Tweets, Can we take the day off for our birthday too? Thanks for making the party so fun "we can't wait to see what you do next, Mr. Heisman! Thanks for sharing it all on Twitter. 
"When can we come to Vegas? Thanks for sharing your world with us, 
"Thank you, for Tweeting from the White House and taking fans around the globe to cheer on Team USA! 
More feels incoming! 
"Thank you, for your honesty, humor and activism. "Thanks for being you,  Inspired by Tweet ""What is Freedom of Speech? Twitter is"" 
"you are a Triple Threat on Twitter too! Thank you for taking us behind the scenes. 
Confetti Tweets sure are addicting 
Our birthday confetti gift to you We made you a cake because we Happy 10th Birthday! 
Thanks for making us laugh and battling Captain America. 
"Keep learning and growing, Avneesh! 
"Thanks Shuja, you're the best! 
"Thank you for sharing with us, You've made us all 
"Thanks Ty'rel, right back at ya! 
"Thanks, for using Twitter to help the world find its socks! 
"but we appreciate your time to Tweet and connect with the 12s! 
Make sure you pair that birthday cake with some ice cream 
"Thank you, for showing us how to be genuine, brave, and honest. 
"from your music to your global outlook, thank you for everything you've shared with us. 
Going back to where Twitter took off, March 2007 
"Thanks, for putting yourself out there and cracking us up. 
OMG thank you Angela 
"Thanks for being the first ""First Lady"" on Twitter, and joining us on YOUR birthday in 2013. 
"We love this beautiful community too 
Hi from Earth wish I could Tweet from the Gale Crater too 
"thanks for helping solve one of life's great mysteries. 
"you ain't afraid of no ghosts (or spiders)! Can't wait for what you Tweet next. 
"Thank you, for celebrating love and sharing your stage with us every day. 
Thank you for creating the 
"We're always here for you, open 24/7 
"Thanks Marti, have a great day! 
Thanks for the love 
glad ur back 
It's true that we love to hear that 
"LIVE on Founders and reflect on Twitter's 10th Birthday with 
"Thanks Courtney, we think so too! LIVE on I'm on the roof of getting ready for 8am periscope w/ the founders!! Happy 10th!! 
To for the greatest selfie the world has ever seen, "happy Monday to you too! Thanks for bringing us closer to your game. 
Brownies would be perfect for our party "Thanks for bringing your humor and witty hashtags to Twitter, We ""mean"" it! 
Hope you and your friends are having a great day 
"thank you and the Sidemen for keeping Twitter baller. 
"Join and for a chat with at 8am PT on   
Hey your Tweet from space was out of this world 
You've got us all smiles right meow 
"We're so glad to hear, Tasha. Have a great day! 
"Confidence is beautiful, Thank you for your Tweets!  
"Glad we get to ""See You Again"" and again on Twitter! Thanks, 
"Thank YOU, Justin! 
"Great on the court, great in 140. Thanks for locking in with us, "Thank you for bringing to millions, You've got Twitter ""handled."" 
Thanks for the support JT! 
"Thank you, for sharing your San Francisco spirit of community with Congress and the world. 
"Thank you, for providing us with countless ""Aha! Moments"" on Twitter. Thanks Sarah! High five. 
"Thanks for lobbing up All-Star Tweets, 
"Thanks, for bringing your Blue Steel to Twitter.  
Thanks for being there with us! 
Right back at ya 
"Hi, Mr. President! It's Twitter. Thank you for using to connect directly with those you serve. 
Cake is on the way! 
"Today is for you too, Thanks for bringing your ""Teenage Dream"" and Left Shark to the world. 
"Thank you for an incredible 10 years. We can't wait to see what you Tweet next:  
Love, Twitter 
Chatting w/ at 8a tomorrow for 10th anniv  on Submit Qs w/ Love, Twitter
"What's your favorite green thing? 🍀
"Show the world your world. Snap or upload a photo to share your view. See more 
Launching today! Twitter for is now available on mobile:  How to follow live on and off the court:  "Taking flight today, Londoners can get information about air quality in their area by Tweeting to 🇬🇧 Conversations with a 🍕 pie is here! Tweet these hashtags throughout the tournament to unlock special emojis. 
Museums, libraries, galleries, archives, artists, foundations...register to the  
LIVE on Kicking off our special episode at with; "Definitely a muffin, Sliding into your DMs 
"Discover the latest on any topic, instantly. 
Search to see the conversation: 
"Via here are Wednesday's big headlines and a look ahead at what's happening later today. 
Wow, a total solar See the moon pass directly in front of the sun. It happened at 8:38 to 8:42 pm ET. 
We're proud to be a Corporate IMPACT Champion. Make a commitment today 
 We are featuring the women of Periscope all day long! Check throughout the day to see who is next. 
For International Women's Day, we're celebrating the amazing women in our lives. Who inspires you? 
New emojis and more for the biggest cricket viewing party on Twitter:   
"The best time to eat cereal is...
"*yaaaaaaaaaaaawn*
Mondays, amirite
broadcasts are now live directly in your timeline on    
That feeling when you hit the button too hard at the Thanks for GIFing with us today! "How do you organize a space 
You planet. 
toot toot 
"Sorry about the noise, Officer. 
Welcome to the See you on the dance floor. 
The is moving to Direct Messages! Invite friends to a private afterparty and GIF like nobody's watching. 
Pizza's on the way. 
"There's nothing like Tweeting your first GIF, Katie. 
Time to GIF like you mean it. Join the Tweet your favorites on iOS and Android by tapping the new button. 
"Never gonna GIF you up, 
Same. 
"Initiate the House Party Protocol, 
You're in! 
"Welcome back to the Slimer. We don't know if we should bust you or hug you. 
"Drop your plans for today, we're celebrating GIFs on Twitter! Tap the GIF button to join the Watch a bunch of celebrities do dramatic readings of real Kanye West tweets   
"Control chatter in your timeline. Learn how to quiet down an account with Mute:  New to Australia!⚡️ Find the best of Twitter in an instant with  ⚡️⚡️ Time to GOTV––Get Out the Twitter Vote! Tweet to activate special election emoji.
Your very own ticket to the Follow the Moment to get all the reactions and exclusives, only on Twitter. ⚡️ Happy I'll be answering your questions about in an hour! Tweet me!  htt…
Finalizing your predictions before tonight? Explore our of Twitter conversation about the nominees:
Lights. Camera. Reaction. Get your emojis red-carpet ready. Everything starts on Twitter tomorrow! Don't miss the award show party of the year. Here's how to follow the on Twitter:   Got the GIF button yet? 😻 Your favorite GIFs are waiting — here's how it works. 
"For them and only them. Keep it private with Direct Messages.
Slide into more 
Almost 1/2 billion Tweets about performers Bieber, Rihanna - but who emerged on top?  
"Kicking off our series this week, watch discuss video stories he'll Tweet this year. Viners from all over the globe meet! Watch Foreign Exchange - Now On Vine:  
Their videos. Their voices. Your world. Watch. Be inspired. Share. LIVE on skater Aurelien shreds at MACBA in Barcelona  Current status: The final 22 laps of the "All your favorite accounts, organized just right with lists. 
Step it up with 
The GIFs are coming! Get ready to search and send GIFs in Tweets and Direct Messages: are starting soon! Follow the Moment to see great Tweets from the nominees!  
Vote for the MVP of only on Twitter!
Just Tweet your player's + Happy Valentine's Day! 
"According to Tweets, the way to your heart is food! Save us a slice, Valentine. The debate stage is set in South Carolina. What would you ask the six Republican candidates? Tweet with "Based on Tweets, which artists should save a blank space on the shelf for an award?  "We're better together. Find and connect with friends in just a few taps: "Moments is now live on iPad in the US, UK and Brazil. Get the best of Twitter in an instant by tapping the ⚡️ . 
"Now unfolding in Australia, 9-year-old superhero is on a mission to keep Sydney safe. London calling 🇬🇧 
"Announcing the Twitter Trust; Safety Council, experts providing input into safety products, policies, and programs: 
"Happy In addition to spending time with family, what else does the New Year mean to you?",,The win Check out our Twitter recap:  It's time to vote! Who do YOU think will win "Counting down to Sunday? Join the and football fans everywhere on the road to 
Ryan Reynolds (stops by HQ to talk Experience the best of the Pope's visit to Mexico with Twitter! 
How to follow on Twitter, Vine; Periscope:  Celebrate Black History Month by including or in your broadcast title! 
"Any thought can make an impact. Tweet to see who you inspire. vibes Follow conversation about live as the results come in:  We're excited to celebrate Black History Month with a new emoji. Join the conversation all month long with Soaring over 😱 
Watch more of the best moments on Vine:  In honor of today we look at 10 inspiring quotes from Frederick Douglass via 
Celebrate with Tweet-powered red packet emoji and a horoscope:  Catch up on last night's, red carpet conversation starring your questions! Watch Zoolander and like live Tweet with me... It's going to be incredible. 1/31 1p PT/4p ET  "A little goes a long way. Show you care by liking a Tweet. Kicking off a series of special 2016 Twitter emojis...
Starting today with; 
"Learn more about today's updates to our Terms; Privacy Policy: ✅"On the fifth anniversary of Egypt's rebellion, explores how the country has changed: Bundle up — it's snowing on Twitter! See how people are Tweeting about  "Who needs a hug today? 
"When words just don't cut it, use emojis."Take a spin around the Louvre for 🇫🇷
"See how people are honoring the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Twitter serves up top seeds for 2016 Check out our Preview:  
We remember Martin Luther King, Jr. every day, but today we look at his most-Tweeted quotes:  
Thanks for weighing in! Yours is one of 1.7 billion votes cast in Twitter Polls since October's launch. 
Miss last night's Catch up on the final address from 
LIVE on The team goes behind the scenes of today's launch.  A look back: President Obama's most-Tweeted lines from 2009 to 2015.  
"See the world, live! We're bringing Periscope broadcasts directly into Tweets on iOS: Ahead of the ceremony, discover the 2015 winners based on Tweets..  The cold never bothered us anyway:  
"When others say it best, spread the word with a Retweet.  
Follow along as Indonesian writer creates a story with the help of readers and Twitter Polls. REMINDER: Celebs will answer YOUR questions at the Tweet w/, follow us on See how countries around the world are ringing in 2016:  
"Break free. Add a profile photo to show the world who you really are. 
Bring in 2016 with fireworks! Now available in over 35 languages:  
Twitter for Mac is getting a fresh new look and feel today. Download now to see what's new:  
"Life moves fast. ""If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.""
🎄 Race you to the tree! Striking Moment: photographers, editors reflect on 2015:  
"Get the conversation started on the right note by clicking Reply. 
Tuning in to the Follow for a flurry of highlights and data around tonight's conversation. 
App of the year? Face of the year. Unlock with or 
TONIGHT: on 
"Feel a disturbance in the force last night? All signs point to a galaxy far, far away:  
Read how citizens, volunteers and NGOs used online activism to support  Now on Vine:  "Elections around the world — how 🇦🇷, 🇨🇦, 🇮🇳, 🇸🇬, and 🇬🇧 made history this  
"What's your favorite thing to decorate this time of year? "Get right to the point. Let the world weigh in with Twitter Polls. From see how the historic unfolded. Go back on tour with with unreleased tour footage via Tweets can reach all corners of the world — see the top Retweets from the  
"Starting today, all the emojis on "Watching LIVE on Periscope won App of the Year, come celebrate with us! 🍾 From the people you know to those you want to know — see who joined this  
"From to see the most influential moments from the  
"Starting today, we're introducing a richer photo experience on   
"Look back at the most influential moments of the 
"If it happened in 2015, it happened on Twitter. See what made the memorable:  "It's true, all of it: Tweet today with to ask Q's for the new cast and try out new emojis! Chennai residents using to assist with flood rescue, relief efforts:  Founded in '12 by see how Twitter propelled into a global movement:  htt…"
Twitter makes it easy to donate to some great charities on See them now:  
"Cold paws? Snow problem! 
Go inside the Paris climate talks and join the global conversation with  Save room for dessert:  
"Whoooooooooo wore it better: 
"Save us a seat for dinner, 
Best ingredient for an amazingWe've got a new way to discover Vines in our iPhone app: you can now swipe left on any post to see more Vines. 
Now trending: 
"See the best game highlights, victory dances, and fan mayhem in one place: 
"Though charmed by sparkle ( we'll always flock to this look on the right. 
"Weird dreams, in 140 characters or less:  The are starting soon! Follow along with the Moment to keep up on all the action!  "Mahalo, for sharing these seaworthy views of your  
"TV fans, we feel you. Via see how the Word of the Year is your most-Tweeted emoji about TV: Join the global convo on Twitter as and compete on the field. "Nature calling! Get outside on with these awesome views of Yosemite: 
returns tomorrow for its 2015 run! Here's all the details you need -  Twitter Moments will take you to incredible places. Now available in Brazil. in Des Moines. See the Moment: .is here! Listen to the album and Tweet the hashtag for each song to see a custom emoji! 
Acts of kindness happen on Twitter every day. Share your own examples with  1D fans! Brace yourselves for exclusive new emojis and a global fan competition  What would you ask the Democratic presidential candidates? Tweet using 
"Spotted a ScratchReel yet? Scrub back; forth to help the surfer escape the tube!Only on Twitter, dude. 
Today we honor those who have served around the world Which moments of last night's inspired the most conversation on Twitter? 
"As the Hindu festival of lights begins, see how the world is celebrating 
 Did you watch the BBC Catch up on the best tweets of the night here!  
"The force is calling to you... 
Check out the first official TV spot for 
"""Imagine what it would have been like if there had been Twitter when we landed on the moon"" -
"""I think there's power in us telling our stories so that we remember we're not alone."" - 
"dance class is now in session: 
"Is today ""Going anywhere in the world is as simple as changing the channel.""—designer at Introducing Twitter's Public Policy Page You can say a lot with a heart. Introducing a new way to show how you feel on Twitter:  We're Check out our Moment to see some celebration highlights:  How the victory played out on Twitter. 
"immunity, captured in Tweets: 
How'd you spend your extra hour?"
"Catch the new way to get the best of the Game 4 on Twitter: 
"Checklist for a 
1) Put on costume
2) Tweet selfies
3) Don't eat all your candy at once
"Catch up on the week with pictures from sports, news and entertainment, via 📷 
"Take a look back at the Pope's time in the US with a new way to get the best of Twitter.Watch how Twitter responded to last night's measured in Tweets per minute 
"Never miss a moment of the Explore the best of Twitter and follow Game 2: 
"14 innings.
Inside-the-park home run.
Sacrifice fly FTW.
Here's hoping Game 2 is just as wild: 
Before tonight's catch up on the biggest debate moments so far (via  
Out of this world: join astronauts and on a morning spacewalk:  The first pitch of the is in 1 hour! See how teams, fans are getting pumped for the big game: "Hey batter, batter! The 2015 starts tomorrow. Who do you think will win it all? ⚾️"
Excited to join and for the 11/14 at 
Celebrate the 70th birthday by going around the world on Twitter with Museums on the move: cultural institutions around the world bring their collections to life in GIFs New ways to find and follow your favorite creators on Vine and Twitter.  Follow along with powered by Twitter.  Not able to make it to Catch the live stream at   
"On what's the best response to finally reaching 10/21/15?"
Coming soon! We're rolling out the ability for everyone to create polls on Twitter:  We can't think of a better way to kick off than our event. Thank you to our panelists! 
"On take a moment for wanderlust and explore Peru's Machu Picchu. Tune in at 12:30 PT tomorrow (10/21) and Bill Murray will answer your questions!  
Take flight with three new Twitter emojis and see what fans are saying about trailer. See which moments drove the most chatter during last night's 
"Welcome our Board's new Executive Chairman!"
"We're celebrating the world's first computer programmer, Ada Lovelace, on "Now trending: zombie fever. Follow along for live updates about straight from the show, cast; more: Give your squad a new look. You can now update your group avatar for Direct Messages! 
"When the earth moves, people Tweet. See how the uses Twitter data to track earthquakes: 
Hockey is back! Join the conversation w/ as the puck drops on a new season:  See some of our Mars Moments, how movie compares to our real  With Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP), we're excited to help to make the mobile web great again: 
We are delighted to work with and to Donate here: 
LIVE on The Moments team takes you behind the scenes of today's launch. 
"Learn more about Moments today on straight from the team bringing you the best of Twitter. Meet Moments: Addictive Information Pipe For Casual Users  New! Find the best of Twitter in an instant with Moments:  
Emojis are already a big deal in Direct Messages. We just made them bigger. Send super-sized emojis today! 
The Board completed a comprehensive process to find the best leader for and we were unanimous: On we thank our translators; moderators for all their hard work:  We're rolling up our sleeves to help build a better future for the girls of Los Angeles! htt…
"Today joined Twitter, and here's the world's response. 
"Steven Spielberg and are answering your questions today! Follow along at 2:30pm ET with 
"33 years in the making, see how tonight's viewing party unfolded on Twitter:  Ban Ki-moon, cap off historic visit. Your 1.3M Tweets for the return set a new record for most Tweeted one-hour scripted broadcast ever! 
Happy Make your marks. "Dear Southern Hemisphere
Your turn for long days and warm weather.
Love
Northern Hemisphere
 Use these emoji to follow along as the events unfold on Twitter.  
Today is Join us to help end hunger; stand for peace. Retweet; donate: 
"Smart question, great answer! See more Q's with your favorites on; 
"To mark stargaze w/ these accounts; suit up w/ for a today at 12:45pm CT. 
"was the biggest moment on Twitter this summer. See the whole list, via  
The Rugby World Cup kicks off tonight in England! Follow all the action with  
We're partnering w/, to ask your Q's on the red carpet. Ask now w/ 
Here's what everyone was talking about most during last night's Want a front row seat? The Collection show is streaming on now!  See how the conversation about is unfolding on Twitter:  
Most users on an updated Android device will soon receive Highlights notifications. Get started! .helps us cope with life, is proof:  Happening now! Join as she broadcasts live from  
From upset over Serena to title, here's our recap:  
We're partnering w/, to ask your Q's on the red carpet. Tweet w/ 
Former Press Secretary recounts his experience on 9/11, one Tweet at a time. 
"From the first to the final football begins tonight! Score an extra point with these emoji. 
"As prepares for his first trip to the US, goes behind the papal Tweets:  Introducing Landscape 
"Accessorize your Tweets for New York Fashion Week.
so hot right now. 
"Share puppies, share love, share puppy love...directly. What will you share in a Direct Message? Video by 
"Starting today, our iPad; iPhone apps will look and feel more alike. Here's how we did it:  Learn the story behind and how one Tweet can make a difference.  
This weekend is full of festivals with and more! Which one are you attending? 
We're adding who to follow to iPhone, Android home timelines to show interesting accounts:  When your friend asks for gas money 
See how the world is Tweeting about  10 years after Hurricane Katrina, author is live-tweeting the aftermath as it unfolded. We're expanding Twitter Ads for small and medium businesses to over 200 countries and territories around the world. 
"Miss the Catch up on great moments from and many others:  According to your Tweets, the winners of the 2015 will be...  
We can't reach our goals alone. to help us better serve people around the world: 
"We're setting new diversity goals, and making them public: "Starting today, you can pin a Tweet to your profile from iOS and Android. Go ahead, make a statement. 📌 
"We're giving the iPhone app a cleaner, simpler look. More to come! 
We've simplified sharing Tweets in Direct Messages on Android. Share more with fewer taps! 
Bring some birthday joy to your profile. New today: add your birth date from our Android app. 
Direct Message notifications are now available on web. Opt in here to never miss a message:  Happy The is 8 years old today! 
 "Long DM's for all! The update is now available to everyone. Take it from don't hold back. 
Your Tweets inspire:   
.and were the most buzzed stars at the  
Happening now: Follow as they live-Tweet the battles and divine interventions of Homer's The Travel the world. LIVE. The Global Map is here 
"Direct Messages now go beyond 140 characters. Go long, express yourself, wax poetic:  
Periscope, by the numbers "Tune in now to hear from co-founder and CEO of 📡 
See how Twitter is roaring for the king of the jungle on, giving  
makes us melt. See which state has s'more of an appetite on Twitter. Excited to announce a new multi-year deal with the to bring more real-time video highlights to fans everywhere. ht…
"Miss last night's Via see the most-Tweeted moment for each candidate.  The season kicks off with brand new emojis:  Excited to be working with and to transform customer service on Twitter  
"With 365 days to go, see how Twitter is counting down to the Rio 2016 Olympics:  Happy birthday Learn how you too can celebrate your birthday on Twitter:  
"In case you missed it, we've made updates to our homepage to give U.S. web visitors even more relevant and real-time Twitter content."
"Tweet poems you like
at prose, sonnets and more
Via learn how to wax poetic on Twitter: How unfolded on Twitter  Ever wondered what it's like to live a hosts a Twitter chat tomorrow from space. How Directioners around the globe reacted to the surprise announcement today -  
"BFF. Buddies. Besties. No matter how you say it, we're better together:  New research: Four ways brands can build customer service relationships on Twitter  
"Introducing profile previews on web! Hover over an account's avatar to follow, unfollow or read their bio. 
Windows PC, tablet users now have a Twitter experience optimized exclusively for  How's your GIF game going? Adding GIFs to Tweets is just like adding photos. Here's how:  Honored to receive the Beyond the Check Award from for our work in the community. Read more here: The Tour de France rolls on Twitter.  
Congratulations graduates!  It's and we're all 😍😃😂. Check out the best of 🎨🍟😸 on Twitter:  Happy See how many around the world are celebrating the end of on Twitter:  
Via see how we teamed up with to host a tech race to end violence against women: 
We've added more sharing options so iPhone users on iOS 8 can easily send the best of Twitter across apps, AirDrop! 
We've updated Summary Cards! iOS, Android users will start seeing more detail about web content in their timelines. 
"Nine years and billions of miles later, Twitter is over the moon for today's  
A look back at this year's Comic-Con, featuring and other films: 
Tweets about were seen 8 billion times, on; off Twitter. Read more in our recap.  htt…""What are the top songs of summer, according to your Tweets? Find out via we think it's 🎵 Worth It 🎵: 
Welcome to the new Twitter Data blog!  
Join us as we talk about data science, research and all thi…"
"Ready to geek out on entertainment's biggest stars, real; imagined? Tune in to Twitter for the best of It's See the best shark outfits, videos. From a safe Twitter distance of course:  
Party on! Share your birthday celebration by adding your birth date to your Twitter profile:  The final recap: wins it on the pitch and on Twitter.   "Explore the Spanish city of Jun, a town using Twitter to administer public services (via 
"Keep your eye on that reply! When replying to a Tweet, you can pull down to see the original Tweet. Ride along with the Tour de France (on Twitter.  Famous Canadians everywhere are flocking to Twitter to celebrate  
The was one epic party w/; more:  
"Celebrate true colors, today and always. 
Periscope tour with Twitter voting in and new emoji:  This is a monumental day for equal rights. Join the celebration by using the new Twitter emoji and 
Inspired by zookeepers went Now everyone is:  ht…",,We're excited to be recognized once again by the Online Trust Alliance (
Watch Twitter's explain the at  (More here: 
lost a club got vertigo, won back-to-back majors  ht…Exploring new ways for you to discover relevant content about products and places on Twitter:  …,,The cast of will be at Twitter HQ tomorrow at 12 PT! Tweet them your questions with htt…
We're furthering our commitment to increasing gender equality in partnership with  
Today we celebrate on Twitter. Here's what they say when they Tweet about fatherhood:  "See more, tap less - videos now autoplay on Twitter! Your thumbs deserve a break. 👍 
Seeing cherries yet? Here's when you can expect all your favorites, according to Tweets: 
All these Tweets of food are making us hungry. Devour this delicious recap from  The Finals Game It's on! Search to experience all the action live from every angle. 
"Our CEO, will step down as CEO, and we'll welcome as Interim CEO on July 1 "Whether you're at the beach or the office, celebrate with a waterfront view:  
It's now easier to follow conversations on  Fire up those replies!  
Welcome to The hottest ticket in tweets. Tonight, we begin with Follow this account and wa…"We shared our dreams to support campaign! What's yours?  Bringing the Finals closer to hoops fans on Twitter.  We launched a major new update on iOS! See what's live on a global map 
"New today on our iPad app: now you can message groups, view more of your message history and share Tweets privately. Follow the on Twitter.  Tuning in to tonight? Support your favorite songs during the Grand Final with country hashflags. 
"Yesterday we opened the our local community center for tech and learning:  Last night stars shared fav moments and said goodbye. See the best of  
Watch today on and see the show come to life! Tweets will now show up in Google Search:  The Festival begins today! Follow along as authors Tweet fiction all week:  See how lit up the UK throughout Thursday from the moment the polls opened:  
"As we approach here's to one of our favorite communities on Twitter:  
Tune in for Aha! moments from on 
"Happy Day! See how fans are celebrating a galaxy far, far away:  
Join the jamboree with these Tweets, photos and videos live from  
"Happy 3rd anniversary See how ""Throwback Thursday"" cemented its status as a weekly Twitter tradition: Calling all foodies: Here's what you need to know about 
At Twitter, we take very seriously. Your guide to following vs. on Twitter.  
We've agreed to acquire to accelerate direct response advertising. 
Along with the rest of the world, our thoughts are with Nepal. Learn how to help:, Savor literary quotes, pics from around the globe  htt…
"Introducing Highlights. Get the best of Twitter every day, sent to your Android device:  Using Direct Messages to take public conversations private is now easier than ever. Learn about today's updates: 
Rise up, hoops fans! Here's how to follow the playoffs on Twitter.  
"Please read our updated Terms ( Privacy Policy ( and FAQs (.general counsel on fighting abuse while preserving free speech:  
"The Force is strong w/ Use these hashtags; they'll appear:
Learn more: 
Celebrate, with one of three new on Twitter. Now introducing: We have a new blog! Our engineering blog will share technical details about how Vine works. 
Looking forward to our global in 2 days. Watch how employees support our neighbors around Twitter HQ.
ht…",,Hockey fans rejoice. Here's how to follow the playoffs on Twitter.  
"Starting today, U.S. web visitors now have access to great Twitter content on our homepage:  
"Looking for travel inspiration? has 35 Twitter accounts you should follow for travel tips, deals and more: Weekend one is here. Explore from every point of view. No sunscreen required.  
New! iPhone users can now upload and share slow-motion videos. Enjoy your favorite moments just a liiiittle longer... 
"Today, we're updating trends on mobile. You can now find trends in the search page. Learn more: 
Baseball fans rejoice! The 2015 season is on Twitter w/ exclusive Tweets, pics; videos:  ht…"
"Say more with revamped quote Tweet! Rolling out on iPhone and web, coming soon to Android.  "But first, let me take a  
Join on for a live broadcast w/ Get the app now:  
How the Cricket World Cup played out on Twitter across the world:  Up Periscope 
"Introducing a new app to share; experience live video from your mobile phone:  
See singular pics, videos; secrets from in one place. The best of the best here:  
Coming soon! We're working with so you can tag specific locations in Tweets:  
We're looking forward to 2015 with 2200 museums participating in 64 countries:  
"We consulted the experts, and there's only one thing left to do for our 9th birthday. Happy Birthday Listen to, memories of their first meeting 9 yrs ago using app: 
9/9: We're amazed at how far we've traveled together. for an incredible nine years. 
8/9: And we continue to be captivated by what you create and Tweet every day. 
"7/9: Over the years, you've shared what you care about with people around the world.  
"6/9: Together, we followed those moments as they turned into movements. 
"5/9: As people shared what was happening in the moment, the world watched breaking news unfold in real time. 
"4/9: Adding to our global community, world leaders also joined the conversation. 
"3/9: And Twitter became a place for all kinds of voices, big and small. 
"2/9: Right away, you began giving us great ideas to help make Twitter better. 
"1/9: Nine years ago, it all started with a Tweet.  
Live from Go behind the scenes w/ artists' Tweets, videos; pics. Check out  htt…",,Join the convo in real time throughout the tournament on Twitter:  
Learn how mute, block and report can help you take control of your experience on Twitter.
Have a fantastic idea for a project? Pitch it here to be a part of the Festival:  D…,,You may have heard some news: It involves a blue bird.The cast, guest live-Tweeted last night's show. All the drama's here: 
We just launched our new design blog today. Join us as we explore design and research at Twitter:
Today we're introducing bigger photos to make browsing profiles on Twitter for iPhone even more fun. continues tonight. Follow the global conversation on the future of women's rights w/, htt…
"We're rolling out new profiles on Twitter for Android: it's now easier to view bios, Tweets and photos.
We're excited Twitter will be one of the apps users can experience when Apple Watch becomes available on April 24. 
"For International Women's Day, we reflect on the powerful voices speaking up for women's rights on Twitter: It's today! We're collecting some of the day's best here: 
We're honored to be included on list. Learn more:  "Via ""5 ways Twitter can help you reach your career goals"": 
NEW! Hashflags! Support your team on Android and Web! …"
Update! Now rolling out on Android: a recap of top Tweets to help you keep up w/ your world.  Why Twitter faves Most-tweeted and more: How the unfolded on Twitter 
We agree with our partner the power is in our hands to Guess who's at today?, he's taking your questions at 4:30pm ET 1:30pm PT. 
As movie stars gear up for the we're handing out a few awards of our own:  Festival 2015 has been announced! May 11-15!  
Share access to your Twitter accounts safely and securely with Teams, new on TweetDeck:  Tell that special someone you like their Tweet by favoriting it! Get started:  "Cricket fans, here's our guide on how to join the global viewing party on Twitter:  
Great post on the world of experimental, fun and sometimes quirky Twitter Art:Twitter is the best accessory for See how is looking ahead with the 
We're excited to announce we've agreed to acquire 
"We've created a Cricket World Cup timeline, your one stop for cricket Tweets, commentary, match schedules; more: 
From tailgates to touchdowns, the pulse of was alive on Twitter:  Say hello to Vine Kids  
"Group Direct Messages are now available for everyone. Share Tweets, be direct and grow the group. 
.has a few things to say about Twitter: The vs. Experience the best of the and only on Twitter.  
Seen this yet? The first Tweet using our mobile video camera: 
"New! Use Direct Messages to speak privately with a group of up to 20 people. Share Tweets, show emoji; be yourself.
"You can now shoot, edit and share video on Twitter. Capture life's most moving moments from your perspective. 
Two new features now launching on Twitter: capture life as it happens with video and speak privately with a group: 
Correction: be sure to track Tweets with (It's on Twitter. See how is tracking,  
We're introducing Tweet translation with Translator so you can read Tweets in multiple languages: 
New today for iOS users: a recap of some top Tweets you might have missed from accounts you follow. We created a playlist to tell the story of Watch some of our favorite moments  
"Explore how last night's happened on Twitter, state-by-state and issue-by-issue:  
The First Lady, and their guests are ready for the Tune in at 9pm ET:  
We've agreed to acquire to make Twitter even more accessible to people around the world. 
Film, TV producer is stopping by Twitter HQ today to host a QA at 3pm PST. Tweet your questions usingToday we are excited to announce a series of Fabric events worldwide: Flock! Register here:  Find out where followers come from for every team with our new Twitter fan map.  
Two paths diverge in a Tweet. Which direction do you go? Choose your own adventure in this game created by and start here: winner was the most-mentioned footballer during today's award ceremony  
We've ranked the top moments and most-mentioned celebrities from last night's 
"With the just days away, fans are Tweeting about their favorite nominees:  
Our best wishes to you all. Here's a last look back at our blogs and Tweets in 2014: Celebrate with us!  
"As the world rings in the New Year, look back on 2014's most memorable moments:  
What's the most-Tweeted 2015 Click below to guess and see the rest here:  
Which inaugural team does each U.S. county support? See our interactive map:  
"Grab some popcorn and join and as they live-Tweet today at 2pm PT."Tap to explore 2014's most memorable moments from 
Tweeting our warmest wishes today to you and yours for a happy holiday season. 
"Need help with your account? Curious about how to get the most out of Twitter? Follow for tips, tricks and assistance. Who does think you should follow on Twitter in 2015? Check out the King of Bollywood's here: 
"What do zombies, wolves; dragons have in common? See list of the most-Tweeted TV shows in 2014: 
"From space, to selfies, to sports, the most memorable moments of 2014 happened on Twitter. Which global moment in our GIF is most memorable to you? Discover more at  
"What to watch, how to watch, where to watch - Twitter users control the TV remote:  (via "Business, bball; community.; of the in on 
Learn how researchers at use Twitter data to help predict flu outbreaks: 
.is hosting a Twitter QA today. Ask questions using, join the conversation at 2pm PT / 5pm ET. 
What does a look like for Explore 2014 through her eyes:  
Step behind the scenes of and discover 2014's most memorable moments: 
"If it happened in the world in 2014, it happened on Twitter. Explore the  
One selfie to rule them all - has named the star-filled selfie as the top photo of 2014: "Take note of these holiday travel planning tips using Twitter, via 
How Twitter data helps track flooding in real time around Jakarta to save lives: We're rolling out new filters to spice up your photos. Download the latest Twitter for iPhone or Android to enjoy. We're excited to celebrate, we look forward to seeing your after you participate: Twitter is delighted to partner with in support of today. Let's 
We love a good bird reference. Cast your vote to help the select the National Thanksgiving Turkey: Never miss a Vine from your favorite Viners. Tap the star to favorite their accounts, be notified when they post. 
Introducing Twitter Offers, a new way for merchants to connect with customers and grow business through Twitter 
"Via see how one journalist is using to raise awareness about the Ebola crisis in Sierra Leone: 
"Starting today, we're rolling out the ability for you to share Tweets via Direct Messages: 
Giving in 140 characters: what are you grateful for? 
"Move over, Cyber Monday, for “Twitter Wednesday” - biggest day for conversation around deals, sales (  Find out what our offices around the globe did to support local organizations on 
All the world's a stage on day. Celebrate tomorrow with and 300 theaters, organizations: We're rolling out the ability to search for every Tweet ever published. Learn about how we built this 
"Correction: it's; doing Twitter QA Tuesday Nov 18, 4pm PT. Send your questions using "Hey,; are doing Twitter QA from our HQ Tuesday Nov 18, 4pm PT. Send your questions using The just debuted new PSA w/ Twitter video tool. Watch this important message here: 
Here are some insights into product improvements we're bringing to Twitter in the coming months: 
Wow! Tweets 'farewell' photo from space of heading towards its historic 
Our recap of week 10 takes your favorite sport, then turns it up to 11.  
It just got easier to Tweet on  You can now compose new Tweets at the top of your home timeline.,,keeping you informed on the midterms Check out the Twitter QA with and here:  Join and for a Twitter QA tomorrow 11/1 at 1:30 PT! Tweet your questions to 
Congratulations to the the 2014 champs! Here's how the series unfolded on Twitter: My fans here's your chance to vote and tell me either to do it or not. Introducing the website.  
Twitter and IBM partner to help companies make smarter decisions using Twitter data:  
"Amy Poehler will be answering questions about her book ""Yes Please"" live from Mon 10/27 at 1:15ET Queen Elizabeth II sent her first Tweet today whilst visiting the in London. It is a pleasure to open the Information Age exhibition today at the and I hope people will enjoy visit…is happening tomorrow! We'll live-stream the conference starting at 10am PT. Tune in: 
With our latest iOS release, you can follow any Vine channel to get hand-picked posts right in your home feed. We're testing, exploring ways to include Tweets in your timeline we think you'll find interesting or entertaining: 
"The Twitter Audio Card, now with 
A new way to enjoy audio on Twitter: 
Today we're taking legal action to provide more to our users about requests from the US government. 
"Now it's easier to enjoy photos on Twitter for Mac. Share pics in messages, view/post up to 4 pics in Tweets: 
We're also adding support for interactive push notifications if you have updated to iOS 8.
We're rolling out new profiles on Twitter for iPhone to make viewing all Tweets and photos easier: .shows will flock to Twitter this fall to have a seat on “the world's biggest couch”. Follow along: 
We're testing commerce on Twitter. Please read our updated Terms ( ) and Privacy Policy (
A new way for you to discover and buy products on Twitter: This is how much we love our exclusive  MT Thank you...!!!! htt…
Check out the and game timelines, two of our football-focused features. Get in the game.  ht…"
More  updates: Choose from new profile colors, now it's easier to Tweet/message from an account's profile page. 2/2
We've made some updates to  One is an updated web font for speed and readability. (1/2)
Want to know how your Tweets are performing? Check out the revamped Tweet activity dashboard:  
Honored to be named top company for culture and values. 
We looked into which nominees are receiving the most buzz on Twitter. Here's what we found: 
Introducing a new Vine camera. Now you have the freedom to create a Vine any way you want. 
Twitter is now available in Vietnamese, Bengali, Czech, Romanian and Ukrainian! 
Building a Twitter we can be proud of - here's our diversity data to date. 
"Today at Twitter: Ask your questions via and watch the live conversation: There were 672 million Tweets sent about the Check out all of the top moments:  Relive the top Twitter moments of the victory over  
The v match also set a TPM record: Khedira's 29' goal (0-5) saw 580,166 TPM. 
With 35.6 million Tweets, v is the most-discussed single sports game ever on Twitter. Silence can also tell the story. Looking at v through Twitter data:  on Twitter: Over 300 million Tweets sent during group play. Read more here:  
"Celebrate the month of fasting with; Tweet your celebration, connect across the world: .is under way. Here's how to follow all of the action on Twitter. 
"Welcome to the flock, Make sure you're following over the Watch her next prediction here: vs  
Every four years we join together to stand apart. Make every match. Share every moment. Love every second. htt…",,Twitter has a ton of new features that make it the perfect companion. Learn. Tweet. Triumph. Exclusive on Twitter: First view of artwork from forthcoming book (via 
"Forget all the friendlies. is here, and every moment is momentous. Love every second. Loved having the cast here at HQ! RT: There's always hope tomorrow will be Kimchi night. 
You can now tag up to 10 friends in photos on  Learn more:  
We're rolling out the new web profiles for everyone today. Check out what you can do with the new look: We're close! Vote to watch Costolo, DaumanSorrell live from Debate  
HRH Prince Harry sent his first ever Tweet today, celebrating the forthcoming Games 
With 1.92M Tweets, last night's episode of was the most tweeted about TV series episode to date according toKeeping your Twitter account safe: We're rolling out improvements to help restore access and protect your account. 
"No matter where you're from, you can use Twitter to express affection and thanks to mom: So much more than words: The ultimate guide to photo-sharing on Twitter. See it now: 
New  profiles will be turned on for everyone May 28. Get ahead of the curve, update yours: 
via Add it Now. Buy it Later. Shop from within Twitter. 
It's World Press Freedom Day. Share what freedom means to you. Today marks the 450th anniversary of Shakespeare's birth! Want to get involved on Twitter?  
New web profiles are now available for everyone. Update yours today with a pinned Tweet or a new header image. 
"Announcing the first 6 winners, from 4 continents: Your front row ticket to the Playoffs is on Twitter. 
What's new: Real-time notifications on  when someone is engaging with your Tweets. win over plays out on Twitter. 
Your Twitter profile shows the world who you are. make it even easier and more fun. Express yourself - with no hunting and pecking. 
Announcing an expanded partnership w/ to bring Twitter TV measurement to more regions: Happy Here's how you can stay connected to all season long on Twitter. 
Our recap of the week-long European celebration:   
Victory for free expression in Turkish court: We're pleased to announce we've teamed up with to create the first Billboard Twitter real-time Chart. 
Photos are getting more social. We're unveiling two new features: photo tagging, adding up to 4 photos per Tweet: 
Challenging the access ban in Turkey: Have questions about using Twitter? We'll be doing a live QA from this afternoon at 3pm PST using the hashtag Make the most of your experience on Twitter with these 8 best practices. Follow for more. Check out this from  What was yours?  
"Happy Persian New Year! Here's a gift made by Persian Twitter fans to you, our Farsi-speaking users around the world. "Happy birthday, Celebrate + protect the open web by visiting  Are tweets predictable? We looked for patterns in tweeted words and phrases for 2013 by day of week and month: 
SMS follow issue (and fix) for protected accounts: Our own shares the story of + how we choose and measure our efforts. 
"There were 3.3 billion impressions of Tweets. Read more:
Our look at the tonight: more than 14.7 million Tweets. Details: 
The envelope please….to - this is now the most re-tweeted Tweet with over 1 million RTs. Congrats!
Ahead of the 86th party, Twitter is buzzing: 
Two weeks of animated in 60 seconds 
 ICYMI: on  lit up Twitter as Latin music's biggest stars gathered to celebrate 
Farewell, A look back at the Winter Olympics on Twitter. We're taking Vine for a spin to show our Sochi spirit. How are you celebrating the games? Tweet using 
When the world's best athletes face off in Sochi, global leaders turn to Twitter to represent their country. 
The games are almost over, but we're reliving the glory with Vine. Tweet your own tributes using 
We're using Vine to share our Sochi excitement. How do the 2014 games inspire you? Show and tell with 
Today we're proud to support The Day We Fight Back, to end mass surveillance.  +  …",,How to follow 
Our new report is up. More info requests, no national security data. We continue to defend our users. 
the pulse of the game on Twitter, animated 
via Celebrating with more than 24.9 million Tweets -   More,,Countdown to Sunday 
"We're bringing new filters to search on  by videos, news, people you follow, and more. 
The world reacted, on Twitter, as the President gave his State of the Union (Address.   How to follow the 2014 State of the Union (in 140 characters and 6 seconds):   "Friendlier photo sharing is here:  Starting today, you can make photos you post on Twitter even better."
via The most-Tweeted moments of last night's (EST broadcast) - protests: how spread around the world  
Celebrating a year on Vine:  ccRoad to Sochi: sendoff collide on Twitter with .v see who are the most-mentioned players on Twitter See who's winning the battle on Twitter: or .v see who are the most-mentioned players on Twitter See who's winning the battle on Twitter: or 
"At refreshed  personalize your profile w/ accent color:  design. 
We're now rolling out a refreshed  reflecting the look, feel of our iOS, Android apps. Live from the 2014 See the moments that drove the over 2.1 million tweets Football fans dive deep for the title game 
Now you can experience Vine on the web: view your home feed; explore Vine profiles. Plus, check out the new TV Mode 
"New Year's Day brought sports fans on Twitter onto the field and ice, into broadcast booths and overtime action: 
"How everybody, everywhere shared their New Year's wishes on Twitter. Our very best to you and yours, too: 
"New Twitter Alerts features, and now available in more countries: Visualised: how the world responded to Typhoon and the on Twitter  
You can now share photos in DMs on  Try it out!
ICYMI: Relive the biggest moments, events of 2013 at Video:  
We're reverting the changes to block functionality. 
"We've got a present for you: The year on Twitter, wrapped, and ready to open. 
News of the 2013 Person of the Year truly reached a global audience:  Comcast plans to add new networks, distributors to bringing to millions of users Pope Francis is TIME's Person of the Year for 2013  
We're honored to be named the top tech company to work for by Thank you to our amazing employees! 
"Now, send + receive photos via DM + swipe between timelines to discover Twitter w/ new iOS + Android apps: 'Authenticity' is 'key to a great tweet' - CEO in an exclusive one-on-one interview with 
"""..to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.""  Tomorrow on TODAY... exclusive interview with CEO Tune in!
We're pleased to welcome to our board of directors.
In which we give -  - for you and yours.,,We're excited to introduce the Vine Mini Festival -- your weekly motivation to create a short masterpiece 
Who should be Person of the Year? Cast your vote: Vine's going global. You can now use Vine in many new languages:  
"Commemorating News outlets recount those days in November 1963 through Tweets, archives, eyewitnesses. 
New search filters on Twitter - updated iOS and Android apps make it easier to discover what's happening: 
"Learn more about our most powerful tool for real-time tracking, organizing and engagement: 
"Via the best Tweets from last night, curated by in a custom timeline: 
Starting today, Twitter Advertising is now available for small; medium businesses in the UK, Ireland; Canada 
"With ""Instant Save,"" fans have as much power as the coaches. Tweet your vote tonight: 
Introducing custom timelines, a new type of timeline that you control. 
.owes success to its users, so gives to; htt…"
We just priced our IPO. 
"Thanks, We think it's great that people can tap directly into from to get up-to-the-minute information."
"New: iOS, Android apps;  w/ expanded images; videos in your timeline.  
We've closed our acquisition of Are you a mobile publisher looking to drive more ad revenue? Visit Announcing we've collaborated w to build a hackathon in support of women 
"via Last week, we hosted a wonderful community of from around the world: 
"Use TweetDeck? It has a new home on the web:  (No change if you use TweetDeck Chrome, Windows or Mac apps.)Introducing powerful additions to the Vine camera: Sessions and Time Travel -- available for iOS and Android. Who are you rooting for? or 
Our partnership with and lets users tune in to a TV show directly from a Tweet: 
Our S-1 will be filed publicly with the SEC momentarily. This Tweet does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale.
We tested live-tweeting with to see if teams could boost follower engagement and their Twitter audience: 
"Putting the photo front and center, now in embedded Tweets: Are you ready for some real-time football? We're thrilled to announce a partnership to amplify on 
""Java and Scala let Twitter readily share and modify its enormous codebase across a team of hundreds of developers."" 
""provide an opportunity to get information directly from trusted sources,"" says 
"Twitter Alerts: A new way to get accurate, important information when you need it most. Learn more: 
How Twitter users got backstage at the the most tweeted moments; much more: a special report 
We're rolling out a new recommendations feature that helps you stay in the know: 
You have the best seats in the house for tomorrow night. 
Yours now: New versions of Twitter for iOS7 for iPhone + iPad. Details:  Download: Listen to music that's trending on Twitter through our Twitter station on iTunes Radio. 
"Incredible lineup kicks off the largest music festival in the world. Join the fun! 
"Now, back to work. 
We've confidentially submitted an S-1 to the SEC for a planned IPO. This Tweet does not constitute an offer of any securities for sale.
A word about ongoing experiments:  Testing is essential to deliver the best possible user experience.
"Viewers of tune in, respond to flash polls and will help influence who wins: 
"How played out: At the height of conversation, more than 26,000 Tweets/minute. 
Do you have over All the fashion action is at your fingertips: 
People sent 1.4 million total Tweets about last night's faceoff. More: 
If your Tweets are protected, your updates will now appear in Twitter Search for you and your approved followers. 
Also, on the blog: Commemorating the March on Washington, in Tweets  "Now it's easier to discover and follow conversations in your home timeline - for iOS, Android, web: 
Twitter... The final frontier? These are the voyages of We've said this before and we'll say it again: this community - now more than 40 million of you - is amazing. Thank you for in…
New headlines feature shows stories related to tweets: 
via A very detailed look at re-architecting the Twitter platform + a new Tweets-per-second peak: "Tonight US time: explores ""The Twitter Revolution"" at 9pm ET/PT on  "New Twitter for iOS and Android updates: improvements to login verification, photos, more. New Nielsen research indicates two-way causal influence between Twitter activity and TV viewership 
"What time is it? Why, it's time to dive into 
Search update on  See photos, accounts in results + recent searches, social context as you type your query.
"The latest Twitter for Windows 8 now supports multiple accounts, lists + more. Get the update: 
An excellent, in-depth look at TVxTwitter from Variety's featuring 
We study billions of public Tweets to detect events + visualize the synchrony they generate at scale: 
"Our latest report is up, covering the last 6 months of government requests; copyright notices: 
There have been 2 million mentions on Twitter since last night's watch intensified. Our writeup: 
Last day of Comic-Con! Here's your pass to 
"Read all, know all: The stars and the stats at last night's 
"Our new Media Blog showcases how partners; publishers are using Twitter in TV, music, sports, govt, news biz: 
"The town of Jun, Spain runs on Twitter. Here's how it does that: 
Just the about Jay-Z's (rather spontaneous Twitter QA that happened this past Monday: 
"Something wild: on Twitter. What happens when you mix a killer tornado, sharks, and many, many Tweets: 
"New updates for Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac,   TweetDeck; DM sync! 
"Celebrating the Fourth, as we hope you are.  - enjoy the holiday!"
We're testing ways to make ads more useful for you. Check our short Privacy Policy update (, Third Parties).
See the topography of Tweets come alive in these geotagged data visualizations: Vine for Android is now faster and selfie-enabled (front-facing camera!) -- get it now from Google Play 
Larger, more flexible media previews in TweetDeck for web and Chrome.
"Over 24 hrs, Twitter has been the global town square for major civic showdowns in Washington, Austin + Canberra: We just hatched a fresh new design for our Help Center! Now it's easier than ever to find the answers you need. 
"After 19.3 million Tweets during games, are the or winning on Twitter?? Here's the awesome TV ad targeting visualization that just showed at for sharing so many wonderful videos on Vine. You're all awesome. 
Public service announcement: Sunday is Do we have that right? 
"Fun for you, fun to do: Create your instant Twitter highlight reel -    "Last night, the biggest stars took to Twitter to give fans a taste of Southern soul: Twitter for Windows Phone now beautifies your photos with filters  
""Delighted to announce p/ship w/ Twitter from Myanmar, where WPP is growing fast. New markets; new media!"" M Sorrell 
We're honored to be named to the Honor Roll for online trustworthiness. Android owners: Welcome to Vine. We're excited to get the app into your hands. Twitter has a new homepage. Now it's easier for you to choose what you want to listen to. Check it out at 
"Now it's easier (and more fun) than ever to upload and update Twitter profile, header, and background photos: 
The geography of Tweets:  How billions of geotagged Tweets illustrate the world.
New! iPhone and Android features for better tweeting: 
Tweet a photo in under six seconds with our new mobile update! 
"Make your Twitter account more secure with login verification, in 4 easy steps: 
"Update: joining; adopting Innovator's Patent Agreement. 
"Today we're launching version 1.0 of the IPA, and are using it on our latest issued U.S. patent. 
"Today we're bringing you Twitter for Google Glass, making it easy to share photos; connect with people: 
"Welcome aboard, 
It's not too late to send a message for Mother's Day. A few Vine videos for inspiration:  Friendly reminder: Mother's Day is Sunday. Take a moment for our public service announcement on 
"Fetes and fashion: Twitter goes to the and 
Updates to iOS, Android apps: See Trends from all over the world or choose to have Trends tailored to your interests.,Vine update! Front-facing camera and mentions. 
Oh, it's ON! is here. Kickoff at 5E/2P with and Livestream! 
A Presidential Week, thanks to and  
"We've updated Twitter for Mac with an easier way to share photos, retina display support, and more languages: Twitter a new way to discover music and emerging artists.  
"A warm welcome to the President of Indonesia, to Twitter. Thank you for your participation in citizen conversations."
New TwitterAds tool: Keyword targeting in timelines lets you reach people at the right moment, in the right context  ..."
Lights, Camera, Tweet! Follow your favorite Twitter personalities live-tweeting the Sunday 9/8c: h ..."
"We're bringing Trends to over 160 new locations. To learn more, check out our blog post: 
Starting today, you can tweet with all your favorite stars during its week long - 
"Twitter for Android has a new design. Plus, see more content in expanded Tweets on mobile and  The new  Learn how to tweet your way to  
"It's Hack Week at Twitter. Learn more about what this week, which takes place each quarter, is all about: 
Trd th nw Twttr yt? Mr tm fr mr twts!  Now you can embed Vine posts on the web. We can't wait to see what you share. Rescued from a sea of fire (with a Tweet):  
"Twitter archive adds Danish, Filipino, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Urdu"
There were roughly 250,000 tweets yesterday about the See a timeline of the most tweeted about moments.  ..."
"We're happy to celebrate with you, and because of you.  Are the champs on this page? 
YES they are!! Find your team and follow 'em on their way to Atlanta htt ..."
Yesterday we introduced a new app: Twitter for Windows 8. See it in action: Get a job with a Tweet:  Introducing Twitter for 8 -- with new functionality that takes advantage of unique Windows 8 features.  ...
We've revamped our Ads Center:  Better reporting tools and real-time management. via "Guess what you can do
View line breaks on Twitter web
Let the fun begin."
"The photo grid view is gradually rolling out on  Simply click ""View all photos and videos"" from a profile page."
Powered by Tweets:  Don't miss tonight's live stream on  ..."
"Your Twitter Archive is now avail. in: Dutch, Farsi, Finnish, French, German, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Malay, Norwegian, Polish,; Spanish.",,Another moment on Capitol Hill: staffer to Sen. hears a big question via Twitter 
Mr. Goes to Washington and the 13-hour, million-Tweet Senate filibuster 
"Just released an update to our mobile apps - includes improvements to search, autocomplete, and more. 
"Reading in ""Television's Future has a Social Soundtrack"" 
Want to help make a fan-made Rockumentary? has you covered. Check it out! - 
"An update to Twitter for Windows Phone -- now with the Home, Discover, Connect and Me tabs, Live tiles, and more. 
Twitter will be available in the Firefox Marketplace when Firefox OS devices ship. The world was buzzing about the Over 8.9MM Oscar-related Tweets were generated from the red carpet to the main show.,,Hot off the presses! Your insider's guide on how to live-tweet along with the stars this Sunday 7P/4E on ABC: ...
Giving you more confidence that email from  is real: 
A friendly reminder about password security. Roses are red. Violets are blue. Tweet us your favorite posts. We'lla few.
CHART: 2013 Tweet volume, peak moments nearly double the 2012 speech. American Express Cardmembers can now tweet to buy products on Twitter: 
"And remember, humans do the heavy lifting for all languages we support. If you want to help translate Twitter, visit 
Happeh Fridai! U can nao change ur language 2 lolcat in Settings. Hope u liek it.  
"We're rolling out an update on our mobile apps;  that lets you see older Tweets in search results.
Follow on and Here's all the details: 
"Updates to our mobile apps now help you get more great content faster. Read more in our blog post:
We're welcoming to the flock: 
24.1 million Tweets during 5.5 million of that during show. Read all about the highlights:  
Keeping our users secure: 
Whether you're rooting for the or you can follow Sunday's action on Twitter  ..."
Check out our newest update to photos and videos 
ESPN Mag: ""Twitter has become a kind of digital locker room for athletes, owners, coaches...; fans all over the  ...",,Tomorrow Secretary Clinton will be holding a Tweet questions with 
Just launched  with new data about government requests. Read more:  Announcing Vine: A new way to share video. 
Capturing the pageantry of Day through the eye, ears and Tweets of those who were there.  ..."
"An update to embedded Tweets: See more content and context; Tweets load faster; and, you can embed more easily. 
Whether you'd like to get closer to the or connect with elected officials, Twitter's your ticket to DC.  ..."
Happy birthday and welcome to Twitter First Lady of the United States, the official handle for Already getting excited for the Oscars? Check out the new Twitter Oscars Index at  Read more:  
A look back at the on Twitter: 4.2M Tweets; peaks for Jennifer Lawrence, Anne Hathaway, Bill Clinton!  ..."
We are 1 minute from Tina; Amy taking the stage, and there have been over 1.3MM million Tweets about the ...",,It's your opportunity to decide whodunit on CBS' Hawaii 5-0 this Monday 10pm ET/PT - vote LIVE, choose your adventur ...,What an incredible live-tweeting cast for the Sunday 8ET/5PT! Tune in, tweet along!  ...,Improving Twitter search with real-time human computation The 113th Congress convenes with 96 new voices. A behind-the-scenes look at their first day: 2012 - Year on Twitter for Businesses: The  top brands on Twitter across 12 verticals  via Happy New Year! See the spikes in Tweets per second as people celebrated around the world: 
"We review the year of Twitter news; info, and what you were most interested in hearing from us in 2012. 
What are your New Year's resolutions? Here are a few suggestions. Your job: sticking to them. 
""How Music Ruled Twitter in 2012""  viaHow our photo filters came into focus 
Your Twitter archive is being gradually rolled out to users. Learn more about how to revisit your old Tweets here: 
"When the biggest names in music tweet each other, Artist QAs brought to you by  
BlackBerry users! Now see all the interactions in your network with the Twitter for BlackBerry 4.0 update. Get it: 
There are now more than 200M monthly active users. You are the pulse of the planet. We're grateful for your ongoing support!
"Coming soon: The Nielsen Twitter TV Rating, an industry-standard metric based  on Twitter data. 
Several folks teamed up with for a course about analyzing big data: 
A QA with Hey West Coast Americans! Tune into at 8 a.m. PT to see them discuss the Year on Twitter: 
Want to see what your own Year on Twitter looked like? will show you: 
Introducing the Year on Twitter: explore the moments and people who made this year on Twitter unique 
"Twitter for iPhone and Android let you filter and edit photos right from the app. ""Twitter photos: Put a filter on it"" 
New profiles for all! Everyone will be switched to the new profiles on December 12. Make yours awesome today. Welcoming Pope Benedict XVI to Twitter. You can follow him here: 
The Twitter Fiction Festival begins tomorrow:  Everyone can participate! Tell your story withRetailers looking for Twitter best practices? Check out tips and tricks on the NRF Blog 
"Welcome, to Twitter's board."
"A deeper dive into the Discover changes, via our blog 
See more when you search: photos and videos are front and center in results on  and mobile apps 
"See even more on iPhone and Android with photo, video, and article previews in search and Discover 
Sharing Tweets just got easier - now you can email a Tweet directly from   
Sharing Tweets just got easier!  Starting today you can email Tweets to anyone from 
Map reveals the hidden life of Tweets: 
Celebrate the Festival of Lights! Share your pictures using and 
Here's our new cartoon video on how to dress up your profile with photos and images:  Give it a go!
Bolstering our infrastructure. ""As  usage patterns change, Twitter can remain resilient."" 
Have you checked Discover lately? A new notification at the top of your stream shows when new Tweets are available. 
"One hundred million votes and 31 million Tweets later, Election Day 2012 has come to a close: 
Networks' call of reelection spiked Tweets to 327,453 per minute at 11:19p EST."
Follow to keep tabs on how plays out on - the latest updates are there.,,It's Election Day! Cast your votes and follow from your computer or mobile device.  Our guide: 
The Trick or Tweet trail brings Halloween to families separated by illness.
"This week, mentions of the word “donate” is at a 180-day peak; the phrase “donate blood” is at a 365-day peak."
"Between Saturday, Oct 27 and Tuesday, Oct 30, Tweets mentioning the Red Cross increased 30x."
"Mobile usage from people in NYC peaked 10/29 around 9pm (approx same time as ConEd explosion), more than doubling usage from previous 2 days"
"People sent more than 20 million Tweets about the storm between Oct 27; Nov 1. Terms tracked: ""sandy"", ""hurricane"",Watching the tonight y'all? Well follow along with our ALL-STAR live tweeting cast + more!  ...
The Political Engagement Map:  You can explore, Tweets by state, issue 
Here's our roundup of Twitter resources for coping with Hurricane 
Live tweet with your fav TV casts and more this week on Twitter. Check it out: Did Tweets move the grain markets? Read the whole story:   
"More interactive Tweets, in more than 2000 ways -- including examples from and more We have plenty of Twitter Stories that need translating (in most languages): 
"From A-Rod to 15 million Tweets. Who's the most-discussed player? Read more: 
The final debate generated 6.5 million Tweets tonight. More stats on the Twitter Blog here:  What's happening this week on Twitter? Find out here: The cast of including will all be here at 10pm ET to chat:  -if you ...
Announcing the Twitter Fiction Festival:  
Twitter + the Human Face of Big Data:  / 11am PT/2pm ET Friday 10/19 w/Nobukazu Kuriki tweeted his journey up Mount Everest.
Tune in to tonight's presidential town hall debate, tune in to Twitter every day to get closer to the candidates 
Recapping tonight's VP debate: New Indigenous Tweets help keep endangered languages alive.  
You can upgrade to the new Twitter for BlackBerry to see expanded Tweets with photos and article summaries How Tweets influence political donations: New Twitter study with  "Want to hang out with TV's funniest family? Stars, producers; crew from will be live-tweeting tonight! 
"TweetDeck has a new look! Try out the light theme and more in our updated web, Chrome, Mac and Windows apps Fall TV is in full swing! Here's the scoop on this week's lineup, live-tweeting cast for the premiere of ...
It's time for the Don't miss a single pitch: New from | Tweet your word power.  
One down, three to go (one of them w/ the veeps). Our roundup of tonight in Denver: 
Previewing tonight's debate between,  Follow the action at 
We have big plans tonight! Live-Tweet Party w/ stars of; here:  ..."
Learn about Twitter's involvement in the Online Trust Alliance: Another week of must see tweets! Tune-in alongside your favorite stars live-tweeting this week's premieres!  ...
More Tweets to discover... in the Discover tab on  
Carjacking victim rescued with a Tweet.
Guest post today by on her mentoring experience with us. We love and Essraa!
Check your inbox for a new weekly email that makes it easier to connect with people you may know on Twitter 
"You know how last night's game ended. Now, here's how it played out on Twitter... Let Twitter be your guide for Fall TV! Tune-in alongside your favorite stars live-tweeting this week's premieres!  ...
Our Tokyo team launched Lifeline to help Japanese users find critical information during moments of crisis 
Check out our one-stop-shop for everything Emmys + Twitter! 
Here's the list of our fabulous Live Tweeters for the Love it, Share it, be a part of it!  Adam DeVon Miller raised money for kids with a bike, T-shirt and Twitter.
"Picture this: new profiles and photo streams in updated apps for iPad, iPhone, Android. 
Expand your experience with the all new Twitter for iPad 
Picture what's happening with updated apps for iPhone and Android 
"New Twitter profiles, because you have more to show 
Good morning! is getting ready to talk Twitter on the in the next few minutes. Time to change the channel to NBC.,,The Chase is on for   Who do you think will win the Sprint Cup?
Experience life in the tents at Fashion Week  Check out Twitter stats and more from Week 1: Here's Chairman Julius Genachowski with here at HQ. cc The Chairman getting ready to answer questions, use cc 
Maritza Lugo draws on her imagination to illustrate your Tweets.
One fan tweets her way to TV on CBS' Late Late Show 
Hot off the press! Twitter buzz surrounding the last night racked in nearly 15m Tweets!
The A look back via Twitter 
"NY Fashion week is underway Here's our blog post  and a quick ""get started"" guide 
Honored to be doing live chat Tues 9/11, 1:30pm ET/10:30am PT from HQ. to send questions. Thx. Julius"
Daniel Jones, Peter Gregson; Britten Sinfonia created music from Tweets.  A new record political moment on Twitter: drives 52,757 Tweets per minute. Over 9 million Tweets sent about Tune in and tweet in to the VMA's 
"Through day 2 of 5.5million Tweets. President Clinton's speech peaked at 22,087 TPM. Read more: 
fans, time to get the season started: 
Interact with more Tweets across the web with our new embedded timelines tool for websites 
"At the speech peaked at 28,003 TPM. Read more in our blog post: WATCH LIVE: Adam Sharp (in the sky suite studio at providing analysis with ...,,The page is up and running. Read more on the Twitter blog: 
We remember the first man on the moon:  Our video tribute: 
It's the end of the road in Tampa. speech had the biggest Twitter spikes of the convention. 
"More Talking Twitter at convention, now with on using Twitter to cover the campaign: 
Talking Twitter at the convention. Here's on using Twitter to cover the election: 
Second night at the convention. drove the top 3 Tweets per minute peaks of the night. More here: 
Thanks to for making it easier for orgs to keep an eye on site accessibility, other web blockages: 
Introducing the Twitter Certified Products Program: Tools for businesses 
With the Opening Ceremony taking place tonight, check out our blog for a guide to the Games:   ..."
Have you recovered from the Olympics? Good. Now join us for more awesome feats at the Games: 
The results are in: had the biggest spike in conversation of the night. More highlights here: Follow all of the action of the Republican National Convention at  More about here:  ...
Arijit Guha fought for insurance coverage, and won.
"We mark the first year of Bootstrap, and introduce the newest version, Bootstrap 2.1: 
Bootstrap 2.1 and counting Unforgettable Music Moments 
As promised, we just posted more details on upcoming changes to the platform and a new version of the API, v1.1  ..."
The Twitter Political Index details the rise (and the end) of the over the past few days:  via There were more than 150 million Tweets about the Olympics. What did they talk about? Read our recap: Ever wanted to control a giant robot shark? It's the countdown to NOW on the Blog: A data-heavy post on and the end of the  "Record alert! sets a new Olympic Games conversation record with over 80,000 TPM for his 200m victory. Twitter is now available in 3 new Beta languages: Basque, Czech and Greek. Congratulations translators!  ..."
live-tweets his own gold medal race 
"Find out which Olympians are most discussed on Twitter, and what Olympians like to Tweet about: 
"From our team, The Twitter Political Index is a new barometer for the US presidential election 
"Our approach to Trust; Safety and private information:  - ""We apologize for the part of this that we did mess up."""
Now you can connect your Twitter account to  to see your contacts' public profile info and latest Tweets beside emails.
Tonight's The opening ceremony through the eyes of Olympians - 
Be a part of all the excitement leading up to the Opening Ceremony with our new US event page: 
We've partnered with NBC to bring US fans closer than ever to the Olympic games. Visit  read more 
Our apologies for today's outage. Heading to or Say hi to some of our security peeps when you see 'em: ...More details in new Twitter for BlackBerry 
Introducing Twitter for Nokia 
Overhauling  from the ground up Tweeting just got snappier with latest update. 
"You can download the latest Twitter mobile apps for iPhone, Android today 
"Expansive experiences in updated iPhone, Android apps  Featuring expanded Tweets, events, improved notifications, more"
"If working for Twitter in Europe is an appealing idea, follow for news; updates on our European openings. "Search is simpler with autocomplete, results from only people you follow and more Introducing the Twitter Transparency Report - learn more in our blog post:  View it here:  "interactive visualization and new sports-related Tweets per second record during the 4th goal: 15,358. 
This week's Sports stars always shine. Delivering a consistent Twitter experience 
In 2010, sent a groundbreaking Tweet that helped Doctors w/o Borders land in Haiti. Here's to you Ann!:  ..."
"We are working with Girls Who Code, a new program that will empower high school girls to pursue a career in technology. 
Want to see the best Tweets about all in one place? We've got you covered. 
"In this week's invites her Twitter fans to a sneak peek of her movie: 
"We experienced some turbulence earlier today, and we apologize. Here is more information on what happened. 
A new way to experience profiles: with or without replies 
"Now you can see a Tweet's total number of retweets and favorites, rather than ""50+"". An example from Adding a mobile number to your account can help you recover your password down the road. Learn how to do this via web:  ...
Experience more with expanded Tweets 
Tailored Trends bring you closer 
Our new nest. 
Twitter, are taking you to the Pocono 400 with  Read more: 
In flight: our new 
"OTA recognizes Twitter for ""adoption of key technologies to help protect consumer privacy; security"" 
Stars come out on Twitter for awards fun:  Keep up with the Sunday and Wednesday.,,Twitter and bring fans closer to what's hot in music 
Discover music on Twitter Improving performance on  "Around the world, people shared their views of the (on Twitter: Putting “Do Not Track” feature in context:  via Twitter and team up to put fans in the driver's seat: The Music Awards are happening this Sunday night... and you keep up with it here on Twitter!  ...
Please read our updated Terms of Service (, Privacy Policy ( - reflect current best practices.
"The Federal Trade Commission's CTO, Ed Felten, just mentioned Twitter now supports Do Not Track. We applaud the FTC's leadership on DNT.",,Just opened up our Translation Center to 6 new languages! We're 6 steps closer to reaching every person on the planet ...
"Coming your way: The best of Twitter in your inbox, via our new email digest: Related Queries and Spelling Corrections in Search Thanks to for playing cuts from today for us!  
A new standard for the mobile web 
Reading: New stories on power of Twitter in political campaigns: (, (Innovate through experimentation 
"How Twitter is shaping new ""water-cooler"" TV experiences: Engineers from are teaming up with to teach Analyzing Big Data with Twitter this fall!  ...
"The Discover tab now brings you more personalized stories. Update rolling out to  iPhone, Android. 
"Latin Music's big night on Twitter, with nearly half a million Tweets for 
Our latest Hack Week fest focused on efficiency - and then there was Code Class. Check it! Great piece in the Twitter becomes a key real-time tool for campaigns. 
"More to discover on iPhone and Android  Updates to discover, search and notifications",,Time to celebrate the best of Latin Music with the Listos? 
Tuesday's Chelsea - Barcelona match breaks the sport Tweets Per Second record, previously held by the Super Bowl:  ..."
Today's - Photos across space and time: 
Starting today, we are sponsoring The Apache Foundation. We look forward to contributing more and increasing our commitm ...",,Introducing the Innovator's Patent Agreement 
Sunday night TV on Twitter MLB is in full swing! Be sure to follow along all season: 
It was a March of Madness on Twitter, and we recapped all the NCAA Championship highlights for you on the blog:  ...",,We just launched our International Team's blog! Visit  to read our first post!
this week: Tweets from the seafloor, Tweets from the Supreme Court, and NASCAR Tweets from the sky. htt ...",,Opening up Twitter advertising for select small businesses: Twitter for Small Business [Video]:   Register your small business to advertise on Twitter: htt ...,,- We're hosting a Security Open House on March 29: 
A new version of TweetDeck is available - includes list management, activity, media previews and more. 
Celebrating all of you as we turn six. 
Announcing: Promoted Tweets on mobile: more options, starting today 
"Twitter Now Available in Arabic, Farsi, Hebrew and Urdu. New visual: The road to Super Tuesday in Tweets 
Promoted Products: now more mobile 
The results are in. Jessica Chastain was your at the See who the top five were here: Coming up - the nominees and award for most-tweeted moment.
Discover: Literature 
The are this Sunday night. Use to tell ABC's Red Carpet host who you think looks best: 
Let your Tweets determine the 2012 Sprite Slam Dunk champion 
Twitter mobile app updates for iPhone and Android 
Excited to share that we've partnered with Russian search engine to include the Twitter feed in their search results.
Coming Soon: Twitter Advertising for Small Businesses 
"New version of Twitter, now on for everyone 
Twitter Recap: 2012 
Securing your Twitter experience with  - on by default when you sign in to  Watch the unfold on Twitter! Announcing our official artist commentators!
Twitter SMS: Now available for satellite providers 
Post-Bowl Twitter analysis  
"The highest Tweets per second peak came at the end of the game: 12,233. 2nd highest was during Madonna's performance: 10,245."
"Madonna's performance during the Super Bowl's halftime show saw an average of 8,000 Tweets per second for five minutes."
"In the final three minutes of the Super Bowl tonight, there were an average of 10,000 Tweets per second."
The is almost here! Here's tips for following the game on Twitter and how to vote for your favorite ads: 
"Shipping a project -- the best worst recruiting video ever. Introducing: At Twitter, The Future is You! 
"Our update to yesterday's post, with answers to some frequently-asked q's: 
Tweets still must flow 
It's at Twitter. 
Twitter Translation Center adds Right-to-Left Languages Get ready to follow the State of the Union tonight on Some tips:  Quick update on yesterday's numbers: Looking at the entire day on Jan 18, 2012, there were about 3.9 million  ..."
Discover the 2012 Sundance Film Festival on Twitter "Top 3 people mentioned during the 1) Morgan Freeman   
2) 3) George Clooney (3/3)"
moments w/ the most Twitter buzz: 1) win 2) Tina Fey photobomb w/ Amy Poehler 3) The Artist wins Best Score (2/3)
"Last night's saw a peak of 6,162 Tweets per second. (1/3)"
Tomorrow night on - here's how to follow and tweet about the debate: 
Last night lead the to an overtime playoff win and a new sports Tweets per second record: 9420,,Why Authors Tweet: 
"Twitter, in your language 
Let's Fly: Embeddable Tweets 
"Now you can embed a Tweet right on your WordPress blog, Posterous Space, or any website. Read more: "Twitter is now available in four new languages: Danish, Finnish, Norwegian and Polish."
Let's Fly: TweetDeck 
GOP tonight! Are the candidates really answering the questions? Tweet candidate name + or 
Let's Fly: Mobile 
Our finale: The 2011 Golden Tweet Award goes to  
"Feedback on the changes? Share your thoughts with using the hashtag If you need help, pose any questions to "The new tab is your window into what interests you right now. And the more you use it, the better it gets. A new Twitter experience is rolling out over several weeks, access it now by getting the iPhone or Android apps released today. We've been building something new! Come see: fly.twitter.com Let's Fly! 
Part 4 of Twitter's the top Tweets per Second (TPS) of 2011.  
The leading topics and hashtags of the year: Day three of Twitter's 
Who joined Twitter in 2011? Day two of our annual series: Here's day one of our annual series. Ten remarkable of 2011: 
"Are you all ready for T-day? Discover here: It's Activity Monday! Everyone now has the Activity & tabs. Learn more about these features in our blog post: 
Do you speak Danish, Finnish, Hungarian, Norwegian, Polish, Swedish? Visit  and start translating! h ..."
There are some amazing items to help support the Dan Wheldon Family Trust Fund, please go to 
"Twitter, TV and You 
How Twitter trends work and why something popular may not trend (via ):  
In case you missed this yesterday - Twitter and iOS 5: Sharing made simple Share a photo via text message 
"Twitter is now available in five new languages: Hindi, Tagalog, Malay and both Traditional and Simplified Chinese. One hundred million voices 
Your all-access pass to the NFL 
Discover fashion at 
We're in. Can't wait for what comes next.What's up?
"Twitter For Good, a book for people looking to use to make a difference, is free for Kindle readers today! 
Have a Facebook account? Try hooking it up to Twitter for a little multitasking! Here's how: 
Text ""follow to 40404 to receive Twitter updates via SMS. Some pics from our employee  Thanks to for helping organize!
Thanks to for playing today for us!  "And, we hit about 5,500 Tweets per second (TPS). For context, this TPS is more than Osama Bin Laden's death & on par w/ the Japanese quake."
"Within a minute of today's there were more than 40,000 earthquake-related Tweets."
"Are Tweets faster than seismic waves? We can't speak to speed of seismic waves, but a Tweet can reach your followers in less than a second.",,Twitter is more than 140 characters. See in full color: 
"Everyone can now see image galleries. We'll share great examples today, such as  What's your favorite? "We bet you look great in any photo album. Yet, resist the urge to enter your password in unsafe places to see pics. See Getting messages w/ links leading to pics of you? They go to a phishing site. Don't enter your login info. More info: 
Users who speak Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese or Hindi can now help translate Twitter  ..."
A new resource for non-profits  you're doing great! Love your profile photo. / cc Weather: So hot right now 
Show me more 
All users can now easily share photos on Twitter.com. Add an image to your Tweet using the camera icon. Cool!
Timely Tweets: Now easier to see. Bringing you Promoted Tweets from accounts you follow 
Tips from Twitter for keeping your account safe and secure: Mabuhay! Mengalu-alukan! We are happy to announce that Twitter Translation Center is now available for Filipino and Malay!
Something to ponder: What percentage of the world's news outlets are on Twitter?Great story of a UK photographer's quest to meet and take pictures of his Twitter friends: 
Genius! “A Chilean Teen Tweets About Earthquakes Better Than His Whole Government 
"People helping people! ""...how recovered his laptop w/ help from his tweeps 
"Kind words. “When Clarence Clemons had his stroke, fans were wishing him well.""  "That's great! “started with a tweet! Storify via -  Woah! “Police live-tweet a drugs raid 
Have you ever published a story about something that took place on Twitter? Share it with us and we'lla few. New Tweets per second records! End of the final: 7196 TPS. And today's end to the Paraguay/Brazil game is now 2nd with 7166 TPS.
What are you tuning into? 
"Yesterday, we saw more than 600,000 signups. It took us more than *16 months* to reach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts."
"There were 224 Tweets sent on July 15, 2006. Today, users send that many Tweets in less than a tenth of a second."
"Twitter, then called Twttr, opened to the public five years ago today.  (cc: Today on SI.com we debut our inaugural Twitter 100, the must-follow feeds in sports ( "Incredible! ""Breath Bird: New Twitter Client Lets Handicapped Users Tweet With Their Breath""   (H/T "Hey fans, your Tweets of support inspired Team to go out and win!  Good luck in the finals and team!"Hey music lovers - here's an inside look at soundcheck for their show in less than 1 hour  One Million Registered Twitter Apps: 
Here's a good tip for those of you who love to read:  
Congrats to on the Atlantis launch and to the lucky participants who are tweeting great pics! 
"Wow, a US professor is awarded an honorary French knighthood for having her students Tweet in French! 
Curious question: What is your favorite never-ending And why?
Did you know there are hundreds of regularly scheduled chats for any imaginable topic? made a useful guide here: 
Calling reporters, editors, producers and correspondents! A new guide called Twitter for Newsrooms launches today: htt ..."
"A conversation continues on Twitter about the future of Egypt, post-revolution. 
100 accounts to follow if you're interested in foreign policy: 
Looking for some new top notch accounts to follow? Try checking out what's being shared using the hashtag Have fun!It's fun to see live debates like last night's happen on TV & extend on Twitter in real-time.   Did you watch?,,If this inspirational girl isnt reason enough to become a bone marrow donor dont knw what is  ...
Link sharing made simple 
Oba! Twitter is now available in Brazilian Portuguese  .is giving away a trip to the 2012 games exclusively on Twitter. Tweet a photo in honor of to win: on Twitter: taking flight 
"The catchy song from our video is called ""Sydney (I'll Come Running)"" by Watch it again (and again) here: 
Today we're launching a new and experience 
Introducing the Follow Button: 
"We're rolling out a new option for the ""following"" page: view Tweets from the accounts a user follows, as well as a list of those accounts."
Twitter welcomes TweetDeck to the flock 
"Starting today, we're rolling out an email notification that lets you know if someone you follow retweets or favorites one of your Tweets."Remember in 2009 when and were racing to be the 1st to reach a million followers? just reached 10 million. Wow!
"Twitter for Mac is now easier and faster, and you can open multiple windows at once 
We released an update for 
Making your mobile web experience appier: 
Follow your mom in honor of Mother's Day! 
"Wow, managed to send the 1st Tweet from an Everest summit. Where's the craziest place you've ever tweeted?"
"Psst, there's a secret ending in this video.  Hint: gets emotional.Impressive! (cc Your Mom...On Twitter 
How including Twitter in TV broadcasts drives audience engagement: new on the Twitter blog. 
If you can't read, you can't Tweet. Twitter blog post: Twitter now available in Russian and Turkish 
Great example of why it's valuable to follow orgs you admire: invited 150 followers to witness the final launch of Endeavour!Happy to say that Twitter is staying in San Francisco. We've signed a lease to move our HQ to the Central Market area  ...Is your favorite band on Twitter? 
Hear about the musical antics of  Do you follow music on Twitter?
Are you doing something positive this This new video may offer some inspiration. 
Live Tweeting to the Stanley Cup 
This is only the beginning!Twitter knows how to make a noobie feel good on his first day. yfrog.com/h6t9mcoj -NFL player is trying to set a world record for largest Tweetup.  Sounds like one crazy tailgate party!
A US Supreme Court Justice uses Twitter to follow important global news.  What do you follow?
"Follow the pros, the pundits and the Discover: Basketball on Twitter. 
This site is providing some good laughs this morning here at the Twitter office: 
Yep! They can check their tab on their home profile and see all public Tweets that contain theirA Tweet Can Change The World 
Who's new to Twitter this week? What's your favorite account to follow so far? Trends - now in 70 more locations 
Like science? Fascinated by space? Want to learn how to moonwalk? Check out this post on 
Following Learn the moonwalk Twitter finds a missing child in 3 hours (via 
The last video in that playlist is particularly powerful. tells an amazing story. Here's the direct link: Discover new accounts and search like a pro  The has hijacked Twitter account. Looks like a job for our team!
"Happy In case you missed it, get some inspiration from this:  Who will the video be about next year?",,So a bar walks into an app.... 
"Arg, broken link in previous Tweet. Here it is in full to see the conversation on this satire: 
Scared of snakes? This one isn't so intimidating! bit.ly/BronxCobra
"We do! Also, there are many more Twitter Inc. accounts you can check out if you're curious what we're up to. 
"Those interested in gardening and ""eating with intention,"" welcome to Twitter! Tell us, what other foodie accts do you follow?"
An interesting follow-up on Twitter usage during Japan disaster.  (stats fromExcited that Twitter Chairman will be returning to the company day-to-day leading product as Executive Chairman
"Even if you're not in the news biz, our  blog may intrigue you. A lot of cool insights from our team."
A Twitter-sourced Japan charity book published in one week to benefit the earthquake victims. 
"As we always say, it's the people that make Twitter awesome. That includes you!"
Related to last Tweet: Follow We're hiring fast and strong! 
Applicants battle for a summer internship via Twitter.   Recruiting out in the open, it's a whole new thing!
Adopt a dog named Twitter! Thanks for coming to HQ and reviewing code! /cc Here's a good read  and here's a good list for music lovers  Enjoy!
"It's ok to be fashionably late! Now, time to catch up on the conversation. Maybe you'll find this useful 
It's never too late! Perhaps you will find this list interesting, 
Great! Looks like you're  into baseball-you should check out our Sports list to find related accounts 
"Welcome to Twitter To all others who joined this week, reply to this Tweet and let us know how it's going! Happy 5th birthday, You're only 5 and you have over 4 million friends. When I was 5 my best friend was a hubcap."Reminiscing about & wanting to give many thanks to & for the love!
Prove the true meaning of humanity. Participate in the relief efforts of Japan. Learn more here:  Don't forget to follow your new favorite band after discovering them at This list by may be helpful 
A little known fact - the past tense of Tweet is to Twote. This and more from the professor of Tweetology.  Making Twitter more secure:  
New blog post: 
At the setting up for a panel on tech in Tunisia. If you're around come join us. We have blankets! 
5 years ago today we started programming Twitter (""twttr"" for short). 8 days later the first tweet was sent:  ..."
Support for Japan 
at the Twitter Retreat - a special panel on tech in Tunisia and a working session on how Twitter can help NPOs plancast.com/p/4e2t.is awesome. Also, have been great."Sorry for the weird URL in that last Tweet. Here's the right one  Honoring Women Everywhere  "If you'll be at SxSW this year and want to meet some Twitter peeps, come to our Retreat! RSVP:  Hope to see ya!",,Twitter for iPad: a video  Read more about the app on our support page So you're saying we should include a tattoo clause in our trademark policy? ,)
Sketched on an ipad no less. Very impressive!
Can you sketch the Twitter bird (Larry) as well as  Show us what you've got! cc/We're performing account maintenance for the next 1-2 hrs, you may be temporarily unable to make settings changes:  ...
"A photo-snapping, live-tweeting host + an official hashtag + the world commenting on Twitter = a new experience 
"We are, in fact :) 
It's Welcome him!
We're watching the along with the rest of the world. wants to know: What's your favorite movie song?
Hollywood insiders like use Nearly one million tweets. Add yours: ht ..."
Wow, great story.A remarkable story should tweet to the masses: 
You're welcome. Happy we could help :)
Ask to open a ticket:  We need to verify account ownership before we can investigate.
Interesting! Could you tell us more about how Twitter helps in DIY careers? cc/"A life on the Streets, Captured by Twitter  (Follow-up story from this previous Tweet: 
Yes! Take time to build a valuable experience by finding interesting accounts to follow. Don't worry yet about tweeting.
Two pop culture icons left their mark on Twitter yesterday according to 
"We love your encouragement to Making Twitter work for you can take some time, but we think it's worth it!"
"I've cleared the cache on your account. Also, looks like you've hit the following limit: 
"Join Twitter, Win the World Series 
"Searching for an official Twitter app? Search no more! All our apps can be found here, in one pretty place: 
"4 homeless people were given a prepaid cell phone, a month of unlimited text messaging and a Twitter account... 
The person behind the hashtag  Thanks to for taking the time to share her story.
If you're listening to the interview about on let know on How meta can we ..."
"We've launched a new Translation Center to bring more languages to Twitter. Now, all we need is your help! Learn more - 
Score! Glad you're liking it!Honored to be hosting a Town Hall with our US Ambassador to the UN. You can follow along via 
Live:  Ambassador Rice talking at Twitter HQ about US foreign policy and the UN:    US Ambassador to the UN will host a live Twitter/Town Hall at 10am PT Ask Qs via Looking forward to having visit for a Town Hall. Ask your Qs using the hashtag 
Beautiful story: Ai Weiwei's 'Sunflower Seeds' Cover Tate Modern Hall Like a Sea of Twitter Users  (via Love it!Watching Superbowl while tweeting is like a massive global Mystery Science Theater 3000. Enhances experience remarkbly.,,My goal is to get to 1mil. people to follow me on twitter before halftime so we can all invent a new way to share a experie ...
Which team is winning Twitter right now? or  "yes, fill out an impersonation ticket at bit.ly/twicket"
Welcome back Brian!Watch the exclusive video of The Return of to  "welcome to Twitter! sending a pic is easy to do w/ twitter on your phone, but sadly not yet easy via web cc welcome to Twitter!  Go to this link and find interesting accounts to follow: This a truly inspirational story about the power of Incredible!  Nice! just broke some news about their 53rd annual show tomorrow. Hint: It involves and 'I'm showing two colleagues Twitter. They say they don't get it…' Hearing the actual voice of someone in profoundly humanizes the stories of protests thousands of miles away:  ...
How to use to communicate from Egypt:  (thx toFreedom of expression is an essential human right. .suggests some smart accounts to follow for news on including and Read on: 
Reply to us w/ your questions for top WH policy folks, we'll take some in our online panel right after at  ...",,NYT on Tunisia's “The most rapid revolution in history. Because we are connected. Synchronized.”
From the President of Russia (to The guests who visit Twitter HQ continue to surprise us. 
We must face the challenges of today with the strength, persistence, and determination exhibited by  ..."
Follow Tweets from Tunisia through search.twitter.com so that If you're in Chrome you can use Google's Auto Translate: 
Using Twitter for Mac? Drag and drop photos right into your Tweet for speedy tweeting.  Thanks We highlighted some Haiti related accounts to follow + ways to donate to their ongoing efforts on our Hope140 blog here "Had a blast with on Friday who came in to talk about Yep, he rapped for us. 
"A new year, a new Tweet record. More than double the previous TPS record set during the World Cup! 
Twitter for Mac launched today as part of the Mac App Store. Read on for more info The top-tweeted shows of 2010 via is Glee, is American Idol… but I'll bet you can't guess  ..."
Tweet and he will come! A great example of how communities are more connected to their leaders than ever. Derren Brown stopped by Twitter HQ today. This guy is amazing! 
The 10 Most Valiant Snow-Rescue Tweets from Cory Booker, Twitter's Mayor 
PSA: Don't Tweet and Drive. This documentary is a powerful reminder. 
Thanks for the tip! 
Make a list of friends and family so you can quickly find their Tweets. 
The Total Lunar Eclipse As Seen By Twitter Users [PHOTOS]  via Fluther Flocks to Twitter! 
We're working w/ to give toys to kids for the holidays. You can help. Pick a price, they get the toy  ..."
Funny: tweesp.com can channel your friend's Tweets to tell what they want from using Tweet Telepathy.
Now you can access Twitter via SMS worldwide for free with HeyWire.
Get HeyWire at  then send STAR ..."It's Business Time! We revamped business.twitter.com - learn more in our blog post What makes a Tweet powerful?  Here's our list of the Most Powerful Tweets of the year. 
Revealed! Top Trends on Twitter in 2010:  "According to here are the top Twitter moments of 2010  More trends from us over the next few weeks Who's New on Twitter?  To Trend or Not to Trend: 
"Woops, bad link from a few tweets back about the auction. This is what we meant: 
Twitter is not censoring or related terms from the Trends list of trending topics: Bringing more deliciously embedded media to your Twitter. & viewable now! 
Dear Chinese Government, year-long detentions for sending a sarcastic tweet are neither the way forward nor the future of you ..."
"What is a Down Clown, you ask? Watch and learn from and who were backstage recently at We'll be doing a live stream of an acoustic performance 's office in SF.  It goes up at 4:45 pm this Frida ...Watching and talk about building a strong workplace culture – a super important topic as we grow so quickly here HQ.
Two feature updates that will make you smarter: 
One more thing for the music roundup today: cool leaderboard of the most shared songs on Twitter! 
""We were treating Twitter as another home page” of in take on Twitter + news: ..."
"If you're a music fan, here are a ton of sources for you to keep up: 
Twitter is guest Tweeting from Get the behind the scenes live from the event. Want to see Twitter + iTunes in action? Here it is! 
Come meet me and the founders of Twitter, Biz Stone and Ev Williams at Columbus Circle today at 3:30."
Discover more music with Twitter and Ping  Listen to iTunes song previews on Twitter 
Good times w/ yesterday.  Did you know he launched a great project called The Voice? Look into it!
New Learn to pay attention to the filmstrip icon. bit.ly/9ibm8K (  )
Ever closer to a real-time map of everything. ""A World of Tweets"" by 
Gone are the days of old school polling. points out what's new from the last 2 years in election tracking 
There's a lot going on in Haiti. Read about one way people are getting the info they need on the ground. Tonight is showcasing curated tweets on their homepage. Use to get your profile pics & POVs in the Gray Lady!
"Congrats to on last night's win! At the end of the game, there were more than 2,000 Tweets per second -- double the average TPS.",,LIVE election show embedded ON new Twitter happening now. Send questions to Chris Cillizza using + ...
"Happy Election Day, America. Have you voted? If so, use the tag to get a badge in your tweet and remind others to do their part."
Discover what's happening around the Midterm Elections 
Testing Promoted Tweets in the timeline with HootSuite: 
Say hello to our newest mobile app: Twitter for Windows Phone 
Read this guest post from on his experience in Haiti 
"Do you use Twitter for a business, school, community group or another local organization? Follow for tips and useful info!"
.season tip-off - stay up-to-date on the latest NBA news: 
We just hired our 300th full-time employee. Wowza! cc: Freshen up with a new background for the revamped layout. 
A World of Tweets  Looking at Twitter usage around the globe.
Twitter will be performing database maintenance today. During this time, there may be brief periods of elevated errors."
A Good Integration  via Back to the basics. Here's a to make your life that much easier. 
Is Twitter a true tool for activism? rebuts Gladwell's recent claim with a write-up in the Atlantic 
Twitter is researching how people across the U.S. use our tool in their daily lives. Read about it! 
New communication tools are helping to connect, empower civil society leaders, even in closed societies. htt ..."
A Triumph for Chile That was carefully thought about. Sometimes you need the room - esp with pics and video. I think it should be even wide ...
your questions about He's going to start responding from his personal account (now!
is now available to all users. will be answering your questions about it today at 1pm PST. Use to tag your questionsAdd your voice to the town hall at 4pm EST today on use the hashtag or for everyone! All users now have access to the new Twitter. Check for the yellow button Twitter
Discover baseball through the lens of Twitter. 
2 million views of video! You all deserve a free download of the song. Get it here  thx toTwitter's New Search Architecture 
What is Check it out with some help from  (via Gotta educate the next generation!  
More news! Read about our Promoted Promotions today: 
Meet Twitter for Google TV Twitter role in these events (Ecuador) is amazing! Ecuador's government just announced state of emergency via a tweet! Twitter isn't a triumph of technology, it's a triumph of humanity. A more connected world leads to a more empathic world ..."
"Tweets in your media, media in your tweets!  (A blog post byHave you seen our video on using Go to  and scroll down. will walk you through the new f ...
"To anyone curious about column proportions, know that we didn't leave those ratios to chance (via 
Still ramping up the If you see a blue bar at the top of your homepage that means you can switch to the new version. Enjoy!
We've fixed an exploit that posted malicious links on Twitter. Please check status.twitter.com for updates. Thanks for your patience!
Twitter wine!  cc/If you see tweets today about a major earthquake in California, don't panic: it's a disaster-prep drill. story coming  ..."
"Still slowly and randomly expanding rollout of For the majority of you still waiting, here's a good read 
"All about the ""onMouseover"" incident: 
"Hear about a Twitter.com security issue involving ""moused over links""? We have too. And, we fixed it. For now, check out for more.",,The Tech Behind the New Twitter.com 
Enjoying an amazing live performance by and Great end to a big week!
Transcript: Twitter's Williams Answers An Hour's Worth Of Questions, On  The account selection for is random and worldwide. A ton of Q's came in but can't type fast enough to get to all of them. Let's do this again soon when you all have access to Done with for today. By far, question was when do I get Sorry I didn't get to more Q's. We'll do this aga ...""Ok folks, will be answering your questions about the Use the hashtag to submit, and follow along starting...Now!"
"your big questions about the new Twitter.com today at 1pm PST. He'll be responding from his own account (Make 'em good, people!"
Here's a fun little backstory from on the video: 
"The is rolling out soon to everybody, but if you've got it now here's a Pro Tip for you: Type ""?"" to see a list of shortcuts."
Because life doesn't always fit into 140 characters or less. 
"We'll be rolling out your over the course of a few weeks, so hold tight if you don't see any changes quite yet."
Holler if you've got the Tell us what you think and send your questions to if you've got any.
"By the way, that catchy tune you hear in the video is by We love them!  "Embedded media, infinite scroll, new architecture and so much more. Watch the video! Ready for a pop culture detonation on Twitter? Tune in to the MTV at 8pm ET/PT & watch the tweetsplosion: 
"The MTV are buzzing! Follow the Tweets live, and be part of the pre-show: What would happen 
Twitter is bringing you a front row set at New York Fashion Week  (cc: "Wehn yuo cnnaot raed, noe hruendd ftory ccrhaetars mean noinhtg. Hlep ptoorme goalbl latceriy: 
"Just in time for Fashion Week, our latest Twitter Tale highlights and how Twitter is about 
Announcing Twitter for iPad: Sharing content in Tweets 
Twitter Applications and OAuth - read all about it: 
Another heads-up: If you've received a DM promising you a free iPhone, that, like the iPad, indicates that your friends have ..."
Your tweets will help introduce the presenters at the Emmy Awards on Sunday:  "Hey all you university students out there, I bet you're looking for a sweet gig after you graduate. is officially here for you!"
Here's getting put to work while we were in Napa to bottle our wine.  
We've painted a new Twitter Tale with Twitter is about Art 
Twitter in the sand!  "Oh no! that short code we shared yesterday was wrong. You can still help by texting ""flood"" to 27722  "Text ""Flood"" to *27222* to support victims in via Relief Fund What isLike venturing into an open air market and getting involved in whatever's goi ...
There's a list of new words in the Oxford Dictionary of English. Can you spot the one that's Twitter related? 
"Twitter Tales: Our Users, Their Stories. Share yours! 
How do you use Twitter on the weekends? 
Our Tweet Button is live! You can read about it here: Pushing Our (Tweet) Button 
What are some interesting accounts to follow that are based outside of the US? "Introducing Fast Follow, and other SMS tips  Anyone in US can get Tweets as a text message, even w/o a Twitter account""Thanks for all the signatures in our If you don't know what we're talking about, check out this vid: 
Our friends will benefit from the  promo. We love partnerships that make a positive impact!Planned Network Maintenance Saturday July 31st @ 11PM PDT -- "Welcome to Twitter, and thanks for the visit today. Photos: 
"RIP to the delightful Ivy Bean. Thank you, for making Twitter a better place in your 104th year. 
"Twitter blog post on the service's reliability (w/ links to longer, more technical explanations): 
Congrats to for winning a VH1 Do Something Award for her work w/  See the video:  
Ever been to a cool TweetUp? with where and why to give us a glimpse into the best events folks have organized around the world.,,New to Twitter? Check out our latest guide on how to get started: Hello and thank you for your kind words, but seeing as you are the cofounder of twitter.  ..."
Do you have any experience taming wild whales?
Iranian govt. reviews execution of Sakineh Ashtiani; massive online petition draws support:  ..."
Heads-up: if you receive an email saying that your account will be deleted unless you click on a link, it's not from us."
Follow for exclusive offers from Twitter's select ad partners. Deals coming soon...
"Oh, and also a much belated welcome to -- see: 
Long live the king....  Welcome Lebron -- aka Another Big Record: Part Deux Why platforms like Twitter actually (scientifically) trigger empathy 
Video of President Medvedev's visit to Twitter HQ yesterday  (cc:Haven't had a burger in a while. Lunch with Obama at Ray's Hell Burger: Don't forget to check out our handy World Cup site to share in the live game experience with folks from all over 
Medvedev, aka joins a host of heads of state in a global conversation on Twitter. World Leaders List:  ..."
From Russia with Love 
9 cool things to do with your Twitter account (via Reading about how built their awesome World Cup Twitter replay and made it interactive 
.Showcase: TweetBeat's World Cup  "Lots of people are rightly upset about incorrect Tweet counts. We're aware, and it will be fixed. Please RT. 
What's happening with Twitter? A blog post on recent downtime and system issues... TIM customers in Brazil can now send and receive tweets via SMS. Just send 'start' to 40404 to begin! Bem vindo ao Tw ...
Users may temporarily experience missing tweets from their time lines. They will be restored shortly. Thanks for being patient!
Twitter Places: More Context For Your Tweets - now you can tag Tweets with a specific place 
Awesome performance by here at HQ last week. Here's a video of us geeks enjoying the show:  
Is your Tweet count off? Don't worry, the Tweets are still there. We are working quickly to restore your counts back to normal."
Forget the VJ: is looking for a Twitter Jockey 
Site-wide availability issues in connection with network service interruption: 
"Wow, is blowing the sox off of TwitterHQ! 
"Twitter's engineering blog on this week's site outages; what we did about it; and, what to expect 
Our friends at are doing something cool with the firehose for the 
Seems like all the top trends are revolving around the The fever is spreading!
Twitter's got World Cup fever! 
Looks like is on Twitter just in time to spread big news about the World Cup directly from South Africa!
Today's incident was an error with networking equipment. This prevented us from serving at full capacity. "Related to our ""Links and Twitter"" post just made, we also updated our Privacy Policy to add a section on links 
Links and Twitter: Length Shouldn't Matter (Twitter blog post) Check out the cool Twitter integration in tonight's red-carpet show at 8pm. Sneak peek:  ...
Master illusionist came into TwitterHQ on Friday to trick us a thing or two. See some pics... 
We hear there's something happening with the tonight...
"Twitter HQ expands to 3rd floor. Zen room, art gallery, trees...Check it out! 
Good news for people everywhere 
""Twitter has become the world's watercooler."" Real-time power of takes world by storm: 
"The Twitter Platform: Enduring Value, Ecosystem Clarity, Fostering Innovation Dalai Lama Uses Twitter to Circumvent Chinese Government - 
Feel free to keep the stories coming. You can also check out to learn about interesting examples from more clever folks.,,if I didn't have mobile alerts enabled for I would have never gotten tickets to see him last night,,I was soooo in the mood for a frosty beverage and then BAM! Starbucks tweeted 1/2 priced Frappaccinos!  I sa ...,,I learned about e-coli contamination in the Portland water system from a tweet from our "Cool to hear all of your stories! Of course it's too hard to pick just one to retweet, so here are a few that stood out..."40cents a day = 2 lifesaving pills.  Film premieres tonight on Go Twitter for iPhone now available in the iTunes App Store Curious about the recent changes to the Worldwide Trending Topic algorithm?  See: 
It's bike-to-work day everyday when you're headquartered in San Francisco! We have tweaked our worldwide trending topic algorithm to better capture the most emergent trends being talked about on Twitter *right now*
"Follow bug discovered, remedied. Read our status blog for details. 
Follow count display is set to 0 and follow/unfollow is temporarily offline while we fix a bug.
Enjoying 2 barrels of wine that will pour 3000 generous glasses. We've got a lot to work to do tonight. Cheers Looking forward to meeting some folks that are helping support our initiative tonight and getting an early taste of the wines!
Tweet with to report an incident to the Louisiana Bucket Brigade or check out reports so far on this map: 
"Don't drink the water, Boston.  Prepping for the with Crackerjacks and beer at Twitter HQ.
Twitter for Android: Robots like to share too. 
Reminder to those who came to day 1 of don't forget to redeem your giving card. It's real money! Take me out to the Tweetup..."To buy one malaria net and save a life, text NET on your phone to 85944. Learn more at  Help today with just one tweet. Click the mosquito to learn more. Telkomsel Indonesia customers can now send and receive tweets via SMS. Just send 'start' to 89887 to begin!
Plans for Earth Day? Here are a few ideas here from 
"It seems ash clouds have feelings, too. Learn about them 1st hand from Sad that you couldn't make it to Pretend like you came by watching  videos from yesterday thanks to 
Hacking on picnic tables  
"Diving into integration examples of today, glimmers on stage  
"Read all about it, folks. is alive! 
"If you couldn't make it to watch it streamed live "Promoted Tweets, the unveiling:  More info to come later this week Stay tuned!"
"The is looking for Grand Challenges in science and technology, via Twitter. Fire up your imagination: 
Excited to announce our acquisition of Tweetie: Life would be Surrender them today with to raise awareness for Barefoot Day!  
We'll be enjoying a pre-game fiesta with the and on 4/30 at the ballpark. Come tweetup! 
Not even Will.I.Am can escape requests from for a piggyback. Thanks for stopping by yesterday 
"It's official, is published just in time for Easter. What a family friendly gift! 
We're talking Unicorns and check-out lines over on the Twitter engineering blog: 
"Never thought I'd say this, but sign out of twitter.com, now! There's a nice new homepage to check out. 
"Hey Twitter developers, there's still room for you and your iPhone to join us Get yourself a ticket! 
Not seeing your latest tweet on your profile page? Check status for the latest. 
Are you supporting a good cause today? We know of one that looks like fun: 
See the fresh set of case studies on Twitter 101! North Face, Best Buy and USGS all share their stories.  ..."
Today is World Water Day and Haiti needs help. Watch the new video from to learn more. 
We're investigating the cause of a high error rate and increased latency on twitter.com. 
Incredibly simple. We're aware that some users are experiencing frozen timelines and are working to address the issue -- The World Cup's equivalent of the Olympic torch may be kicked your way on its journey to Cape Town. Follow to check it out!
Adam Savage and get scientific after an energetic and hilarious talk today at Twitter HQ. Thanks 
The pressure's on in the war room: 
"People helping people, on Twitter: 
Check out some pics from a photoshoot with and the birds of Twitter HQ.  
Had the pleasure of learning what Bollywood thinks of Twitter directly from Miss India herself. Thanks for stopping by Enabling a Rush of Innovation "Read this status update on phishing:  Also, follow for updates from the Trust and Safety team here at Twitter."
Another great partnership...Yahoo! 
Words from (the other Evan) on open engineering at Twitter: 
You guys create 50 million tweets every single day! Check it out: 
"Hello, Haiti 
Life tip Tweet others as you would like to be tweeted
Are you following the Olympics? 
"It's amazing that today we're celebrating our 140th ""character"" here at Twitter. Thanks to for helping us party!"
Take a look at this early theory of Twitter by mad scientist 
Follow for Twitter recruiting information!
Super Data! 
One eye on the game and one eye on the tweets. 
"For those of you who missed the dance party at Twitter HQ on Friday, puts on a super fun show!  
Tweet your favorite Super Bowl ad to join the and check out what other people are saying. 
Going to SXSW this year? Say hi to while you're there. 
Flying around with Hovercards 
Reason for Changing Your Password: 
Meet the Super Bowl's official Twitter hashtag  "Last year's pledge by will bring help to over 80,000 lives in Senegal through The tweet delivery issue has improved. We've temporarily disabled a few features in the meantime. More info here: 
We're working on the cause of tweet delivery delays and errors that started a couple hours ago. Profile pages are unaffected.
Look! Local trends is fully launched. 
"Malolactic fermentation, anyone? Check out to find out more."
"Hurry and get your tix for Twitter's first conference for developers.  See you there!"
Hope for Haiti Now is a global telethon for earthquake relief. Will you be tuning in with us at 5pm PT today?
Let's bring hope to Haiti. Read more from  or visit hope140.org for additional resources.
Flash widget disabled for now. Read more here: 
We are now recovering from a incident that had rendered the site mostly inaccessible for the past hour. 
Would MLK have used Twitter to voice his dream and get others to take action? (via 
"Wow, tons of volunteering going on today in honor of MLK:  Search for tweets coming FROM Haiti. Try the ""translate to english"" link on the right to see awesome results  ..."
What are your plans for on Monday? 
Healing Haiti: 
The SMS service has been re-enabled. Both the sending and receiving of tweets via SMS is now working as expected.
SMS delivery temporarily disabled 
Investigating SMS delivery issues 
Aim your phone at this office building in Tokyo to reveal Tweets from people inside: 
"Enlarging our brains with a TechTalk on social data from Daniel Huttenlocher, Dean at Cornell."
"Who were the first 140 ""characters"" on Twitter? 
Gearing up for the 1st TeaTime of 2010. Special guest DJ is manning the beats!,,Looking forward to live tweetpeat with the Bones cast at 8pm ET | 5pm PT tonight. Hope Boreanz joins in!  ...
Working on Tweet delivery delays 
Investigating reports of duplicate SMS delivery 
Working on whales 
We have two weeks to fill these with awesome kids books for The Children's Book Project. I predict an overflow!  
Appreciate the people behind your favorite tweets. Vote on a Shorty! 
Check out AMAZING snowman 
"Retweet is back! 
Time is of the essence on New Year's Eve. Follow the countdown with Should be fun!
People are loving for Android phones. Do you like? Here's a link to that same list where you won't have to login to view: 
Did you know about all of the accounts we have for different news across Twitter? Here's the full list: 
"Sunday Times: ""Why we can never rest: a year in the life of Twitter"" "If you use a Palm Pre, here are some reviews of the Twitter apps available to you: Great news.  Telstra has joined the Twitter SMS party 
Look! A shiny new blog design.  Thanks Update on the DNS issue of last night: 
Twitter's DNS records were temporarily compromised but have now been fixed. We will update with more information soon.Known issues: timeline delays and missing tweets. Retweet back up. 
Was gibt's Neues? 
What's your favorite Twitter app for geolocation? What were the most popular topics on Twitter throughout 2009? 
"If you've purchased some Twitter wine from here are a few photos from of what you're supporting Twitter in Italiano! 
Seeing misdirected tweets in your timeline? Please see the Known Issues page: 
"Announcing Twitter's first official developer conference, Chirp! Sign up to get the news when we launch: 
 Thanks to everyone for coming out to the last night hosted by us and So many enthusiastic Twitterers in France!
Brief downtime 
Responding to whales 
Seeing fancier pants than usual at TwitterHQ today. Folks are already looking good for the holiday party tonight!
Did you here the news about 
Can't get enough of the app! A slick customization tool for your Twitter background. Salute World Aids Day with a simple Tweet.  Help Twitter turn for World Aids Day!
"Responding to high error rate, Lists feature temporarily disabled. Twitter Declared English's Most Popular Word in 2009 Fixing elevated error rate on twitter.com 
Released refreshed Twitter privacy policy  and a new helpful trademark page   Check  ...
"Think globally, Tweet locally with geotagging. Opt-in! The new Retweet is cool! (Scripting News) 
What did the general say when he found out his army was going to lose the war? Retweet! (feature now available to all users)
Quick question: What's happening? 
A picture is worth more than 140 characters. Shout out to for their handy Flickr2Twitter app! Wrong profile background pictures 
Another first from the UK - MMS your pics to Twitter! 
Breaking in the new office with an awesome performance by Streaming live at 
"Maintenance window Tuesday, November 17th at 11p Pacific 
Official pics from the shiny new Twitter HQ! 
Feels like the 1st day of school at the new office! Here's one last tribute to the old HQ: 
Tweeps from 21 states and 5 countries gathered with to tweet first-hand about the space shuttle launch tomorrow. 
"Missing ""in reply to"" links Working on high number of errors 
"For those who are curious about our thoughts on the new Retweet feature, check out blog 
"PS: If you're buying tix for LeWeb enter the promo code ""twitter"" to get 200 euro off. See you there!"
Retweet rollout continues 
Getting some tees made for a trip to France where our platform lead will be keynoting at LeWeb. Come! 
More ways to keep the information flowing in and out of Twitter. Now you can sync with LinkedIn: 
"Tweet via SMS in Jakarta, Surabaya, Bandung, Medan, Semarang, or anywhere in between thanks to 
We're looking into the cause of elevated errors on the site 
Hosting Twitter's first Vegas TweetUp tomorrow with and RSVP today. 
News organizations today really showed us how Lists can be a powerful tool to focus in on a group conversation: 
Missing some mentions? 
Real-time reporting is here to stay folks. Here's a useful integration of Lists onto the site: Twitter fans .. A must see photo !!! Look what I caught wearing !!!! 
Testing new tweet notifications 
Here's an app in honor of our Spanish launch yesterday:  (they don't have a Twitter account yet but we can wait) "Did you ""watch"" the elections on Twitter?
"""Twitter Reveals More Lists Power With A Widget"" ( Thanks to all the hard work from Spooky things will happen when you use or in your tweet today.
It's going to be a tough decision for the judge of our costume contest today. seems to be a high contender 
There's officially a list for that! 
Update on SMS and Direct Message email bugs 
Lists test is being temporarily disabled 
Not receiving emails for Direct Messages 
SMS problems still being worked on 
Since last week was so crazy we missed Time to catch up: 'em coming!
SMS problems being worked on 
Just watched one of the new Airtel commercials running in India about Twitter SMS - beautifully done. 
"Rocking out to free song ""Save me, San Francisco"" on Looking forward to hearing about adventure in Brazil and recapping this awesome week at TeaTime later today.
Expanding Lists feature to 5 percent 
Be patient We promise it'll be worth the wait.Tweets coming soon to Nice! 
Bing Goes the Dynamite! 
Elevated error rate being worked on 
What's the most interesting Twitter story you've heard recently that shows the value of open exchange? Here's one: 
Responding to network connectivity problems 
Following along with the dropped skateparks and prizes around the US and hinted at their whereabouts on Twitter. Cool!
Harvesting time! documented our first wine making adventure. Follow and check it out.
The team is back from Japan after kicking off the launch of a new mobile site there. Stormtroopers are even in on it! 
Lists Beta Released to More Users 
Thanks for your support Hope you enjoy the vino!
Timelines currently 30 minutes behind 
"If you like wine and don't mind donating to a good cause, learn about our fun initiative with  We're learning about tons of new apps thanks to suggestions from Here's a one that's like but for audio Congrats to the team for partnering with the largest mobile operator in India! 
"Researching username, password change problems What If There Had Been a Seinfeld Episode About Twitter? - 
"Responding to increased errors, inability to tweet 
"TeaTime note: We're officially calling all new Twitter employees 'new peeps.' Also, we need more chairs."
An update on the timeline staleness problems from this morning: 
Word travels quick!Twitter Launches a Very Unofficial App Directory: - 
Help uncover all the awesome Twitter apps out there on We'll kick it off with a few rock!,,Gmail team's good advice on how to create secure passwords: 
Thanks to all our investors for sharing our long term vision. 
We think you should be able to read or write tweets wherever you prefer... 
Why are these Twitter folks picking grapes? The mystery will reveal itself soon...
"BTW, if you're outside the US you'll use a different short code. See  for the full list."
"Wanna get Twitter via SMS on your phone? Text ""start"" to 40404."
Trouble with user and background images 
Missing your profile picture? 
New Known Issue: Profile pictures and background images disappearing:  Working on it!
Tweets from users you follow may be missing from your timeline 
"""When you learn to read, you read to learn"" - John Wood. See pics from his talk today at Twitter HQ.  
Just found out there are 770 million illiterate people in the developing world - 2/3 of them girls and women - John WoodMissed the live Twitter integration in the VMAs? Catch a clip w/ here:  and the viz here:  htt ...
Received multiple emails about new Terms of Service? 
Missing tweets from some users? 
Browse back and forth through points in time along the Twitter activity gauge for tonight's VMAs-awesome visualization: 
Just heard from about her touching Twitter story 
London bridges get personified on Twitter! (pretty funny) 
Working through site slowness 
Get the scoop on some changes we've made to our TOS 
"Love that Motorola is saying their new phone the CLIQ has ""social skills."" Its coolest skill is it's smooth Twitter integration, of course."
If you're in NY and want to check out the Twitter Wit book launch party tonight here's some info 
"""Secure connection failed"" issues Obama just mentioned as inspirations for kids to think about perhaps creating.
Looks like will be adding a Twitter integration soon. Predicting even more competition over who gets to handle the remote at TeaTime.
Working on short delivery delays 
Thanks again - here's a pic for the road by our Twitterazzi "Crazy, does a killer beatbox. Check out his set at Twitter HQ 
Extra points to guitarist whose guitar is the same color as our logo. birdy blue!
Just about to experience a set by here at Twitter HQ. Ustreaming live at 
Enjoying the rise to fame of this hilarious account 
-Map of ""earthquake"" tweets following the 2009-09-02 Java earthquake"
Some tweets and followings delayed 
Apparently could sense that Twitter HQ was in need of a sugar rush. Thanks for rolling by!
Trends for search currently unclickable - 
Re-runs on Fox suddenly look more interesting...
Working on problem whereby some cannot follow or unfollow 
Resetting your password just got easier and less confusing
Another hot day at Twitter HQ. Cold rag please?  
Feeling understood...
"Just for fun, here's your shoutout 
Gov visit to Twitter HQ 
Thanks so much for the great insight today. We hope you enjoyed your stay at Twitter HQ!
We've realized in talking to the Governor that Twitter HQ needs a weight room.
Governor is sitting down with and at TwitterHQ. You can view their chat via webcast at 
Tidying up the office in preparation for a visit with Lots of questions!
Our own got to write the foreword for a new book full of hilarious tweets called Twitter Wit. Fun! 
Movie going Twitterers sure dug this weekend...
We are responding to an unexpected service interruption 
It's a glowing start to the week with new dads and back from paternity leave and some great new hires turbocharging the team.
Our friends dropped by HQ for a warm-up before jetting off to Cafe du Nord for the real thing. Thanks guys! 
Cheers to a growing ecosystem of smart developers who work with to create cool tools like these: 
Oh how you make my every-other-friday mornings full of donut hole bliss.
Trouble with static assets on twitter.com 
We're gearing up for a cool new API development around geolocation 
We're working on making some clever employee Twitter tees and found some inspiration from 
Trouble with Oauth and API clients 
Trouble updating in Firefox? Try clearing your cookies 
Working on unexpected downtime 
Post TeaTime jam session with Rock Band. Super Star!
Fun! is asking Twitter folks to contribute to their libretto. 
swung by to meet with for a nice chat earlier this week 
"Hey folks, drew a lovely sketch of the upcoming 'project retweet' being previewed by developers starting today 
Working on timeline delays 
Sweet! sent TwitterHQ some tiny cupcakes to congratulate and for their new tiny tyke.
teaches a great class on Wed here at HQ - he calls it Twideokinetics - it's mind boxing with a twist 
Is Twittospheric happiness a thing? Turns out it could be...
Some errors expected during maintenance 
"shares some thoughts on leadership style, smart hiring, and the culture of openness here at Twitter. 
"Congrats and You now get to learn the real meaning of the phrase ""sleep like a baby."""
Responding to site downtime 
Combatting spam and suspending affected accounts 
Scheduled maintenance for Twitter help site 
Problems with updating from Firefox 3.5 
"Due to defense measures some Twitter clients are unable to communicate with our API, and many users are unable to tweet via SMS."
Everyone here is wishing all the best to who is impatiently tweeting in the delivery room anticipating the big moment.
"Regarding the last tweet, it gets quiet in here when things get serious 
Quiet morning but lots of sun! 
It appears was actually drinking tea at last weeks TeaTime. (no longer just a clever name for a company meeting) 
Great tips coming in on how to perfect an accent - one being that there's no 'T' in Bri'ish.
Practicing our British accents to prepare for his interview today with the BBC.
"If there's ever an asteroid aimed at Twitter HQ, we can fully prepare our retreat thanks to Phew! 
Our own went to and met the person who controls the 'push-live-tweets-to-air button. Cool job!
Feathers are flying over the new front page. Thanks and team for all your hard work! 
Working on missing followers for recently joined users 
"For those of you asking, you can customize your own widget by clicking on the ""Goodies"" link at the bottom of any page"
We're already starting to see folks embed our new widget...Here's a slick example 
Twitter and mobile go hand-in-hand so cheers to and team for helping bring SMS to the UK with O2! 
Today at TeaTime we heard updates from across the company and watched this fun clip of last week's ESPY Awards 
It's donut hole Friday at Twitter HQ!  
We've done a ton of research on how businesses use Twitter and now we're passing the findings on to you! business.twitter.com/twitter101
Correcting follower and following counts 
Seems quiet today at Twitter HQ with out of town to talk business at "Hey, we know this guy! 
Interesting observation by that folks at Twitter HQ dress fancier as their laundry day approaches and jeans are no longer an option.
Everyone at Twitter HQ is super excited to hear about this smart use case from best Buy 
Tuning into the pulse of your hometown on Twitter 
Happy 40th anniversary to the crew of Apollo 11. Congrats "Another inspiring TeaTime at Twitter HQ. Also, had a sweet day touring factory. Cacao! 
Citizen journalism continues to break the sound barrier with Twitter 
A house that Tweets? Fancy! 
Jai Ho! Thanks for sharing your spicy Bollywood dance moves with us at Twitter HQ. Working on spurious tweets issue 
"What do riders do in between stages during Le Tour de France? Follow Tweets from and others to find out!"
Working on site latency 
Koobface malware attack 
Restoring accidentally suspended accounts 
Viewing other people's followers and followings temporarily disabled 
Search results temporarily disabled from logged-in homepage 
Update on follower/following problems 
Upgrades planned to address follower/following problems 
Twitter HQ is enjoying some delicious creme brulee courtesy of Yum! 
Follower/Following delays 
"From a seed planted to a Twitpocalypse diverted, a brief history of Twitter (so far) 
Search with attitude! Add a smiley to your query for good news : ) Study up on more Search Operators here 
Twitter HQ is enjoying weekly TeaTime. The grand finale is a laugh over the latest Twitter Tracker. Check it out! 
Improving following and follower infrastructure 
SMS delivery issues 
People Search has been fixed. Newer accounts are once again appearing in Find People.
Working to get new users into Find People 
Twitter is back! Network capacity is now significantly increased. 
Maintenance window rescheduled! 
"Maintenance window tonight, 9:45p Pacific 
Search delay 
SMS delivery delays 
"Maintenance on help site, username changes temporarily disabled 
One hour of planned maintenance Friday 8p Pacific 
Delayed followings 
All tweets credited as coming from web 
Trouble updating profile settings 
Unscheduled downtime 
Accounts suspended for cleanup. 
"""Best video"" not so great -- we're working on it. Use block only to keep people from following you and/or keep them out of your mentions. Just unfollow to remove from list.
"No, we have no plans to charge regular people any fees for using Twitter ever. 
You can only DM people who follow you. This is to prevent spam and unwanted messages. looking into it... "That is a good idea. We do so when you're in search results but not when just looking at timeline. Kinda inconsitent, huh? Thx. "Agreed! We'll be adding it. 
thanks!
Unable to create new accounts 
Working through site latency 
Recovering from unplanned downtime 
Phishing scam 
Twitter is not making a TV show: 
Search temporarily down 
Search temporarily down: 
Fixing Robot errors 
User search temporarily unavailable 
Fixing problem with tweets delivered via SMS 
"No, thank You!"
Unplanned downtime 
Biz explains the buzz surrounding the replies setting this week: 
Temporary timeline delays 
Planned maintenance on Wednesday noon Pacific 
Maintenance window rescheduled 
"Password reset emails not working, fix on the way 
Back from site maintenance, working on site latency issues 
Heading into maintenance mode:   See you in a bit!
"Planned maintenance tomorrow, Monday 
Search running behind 
"Welcoming and to the team today. Also, our new office (next to the old office)!"
Updating your status via a URL Param (  ) has been fixed!
Display issues during code changes 
"Bringing back disabled features (sidebar trends, background image uploads) 
Fixing the elevated error rate 
Trouble deleting direct messages 
Nearing the end of data cleanup project 
Cleanup continues, profile issues and direct messages resolved 
Progress update on data inconsistency issue 
Tracking down data inconsistencies 
What's The Deal with OAuth? 
Missing user images 
A note about per day following limits 
Site is slow 
Progress on combating ongoing spam attacks on Twitter 
Defending against ongoing spam attack 
Delays when following or unfollowing 
Defending against worm attack 
Duplicate text messages 
None of the promos currently running in the sidebar are sponsored (it just says that because of a bug that's being fixed right now).
Search results are delayed about 20 minutes 
We're seeing much better site performance this morning, still working on missing tweets problem for some users 
Continuing to improve stability over next several days 
We have resolved a couple critical SMS bugs affecting Vodafone users (among others) 
Responding to slow load times and high error rates 
Update on worm 
More information about this weekend's worm attacks can be found on the main blog 
Update on StalkDaily.com Worm 
We're working to resolve an issue with some missing updates in the past couple hours 
We're seeing big improvements in site speed and error rate, more to do Updates on site issues 
Twitter.com is experiencing high latency. We're also seeing significant improvement in message delivery 
Update on delivery delays 
"Site improvements, updates on delays and missing updates 
We're seeing improvement on the delivery delay issues. Still working through site slowness and increased errors.
"Update on delivery delays, errors 
"Tracking improvement in error rate, combatting delivery delays 
Working through some errors this morning 
Planned maintenance on Sunday 10a Pacific 
Recovering from errors this morning 
T-Mobile delivery problems "Twitter co-founder (Biz Stone) is tonight's guest on The Colbert Report on Comedy Central—will Colbert get the ""Twitter Bump?"""
Intermittent problems with image uploading 
"You don't need to just to say that you have the sidebar search. (Thanks, though. :)  Just tell us what you *think* of it."
"If you're seeing the new sidebar search, please send feedback to and include in your tweet. More folks will be added soon!"
User search and Facebook updating are temporarily disabled 
Improperly sized images 
Guess what? Vodafone UK customers can now Twitter away over SMS! 
Some t-mobile delivery problems 
Problems reaching search? 
Update on site reliability progress 
User deletion and restoration temporarily disabled 
Update on service issues 
An update on the missing tweets problem. 
Some users experiencing missing tweets 
Update on bugs: device registration and image uploading 
Unplanned maintenance 
"Some delays on followings, direct messages 
"Some missing updates, actions 
SMS maintenance tonight 
Working on SMS issues 
Update on inconsistencies 
Virgin Mobile SMS service restored 
Many people don't know you can add Twitter to your web page or blog. Widgets are over here: 
Inbound SMS Delay 
Signing In Back to Normal 
Problems logging in 
Hollywood seems all a-twitter these days 
Power failure this morning 
"Taking Washington ""by storm"" 
"Oh neat: We got a little mention on Colbert last night, too (thanks for the tip, tweeps): 
Twitter was on Nightline last night! 
Twitter+Bell Canada=no extra SMS charges 
There's some confusion about Bell Mobility pricing of Twitter SMS. We've been investigating this and will clear it up to tomorrow. Thx!
"If you are one of the random few who has a search box on twitter.com/home, let us know what you think. Write -- include Activating full SMS in Canada for Bell Mobility customers is just the beginning! (more to come) 
Exiting maintenance window 
Working on site latency issues Back from maintenance mode 
Opportunity Knocks: 
"Clickjacking blocked, more info here: 
"WARNING: If you see a link prefaced by ""don't click,"" it is a trick and you *really* should not click (we're on it)"
"David Pogue from the NYT calls Twitter, ""powerful, useful, addictive and fascinating"" 
Site back up 
Updates on a couple bugs 
User restoration temporarily disabled 
Seeing inconsistencies in followers/followings? 
Delays in posting text messages 
Twitter glitter! 
checking out this cool interactive map by the folks at NYT 
Update on follower counts, AOL contact importing bug 
Missing updates? We're bringing them back. 
Unable to find yourself? 
More info on the fix for the follower/following problem: missing folks put back within 24 hours. 
Some fixes out, more coming! 
Image upload problems in IE 
We're looking into inconsistencies with follower/following numbers 
Following yourself? 
Keep up with Ugly Search Pages 
"The NFL folks have set up an official Superbowl Twitter account: -- follow it this week, as the anticipation builds"
Stale follower counts for users with large followings 
We're reconfiguring servers to address some inefficiencies found this morning 
"During the heaviest load of the inauguration, timelines were behind about 5mins. More improvements to make there; we're back to normal now."
Slowness 
Search behind realtime 
Back up and tracking down the system instability that caused this. As we work on this (furiously) additional intermittencies may occur.
Twitter downtime 
Logged out of Twitter? 
Catching back up to a time 
Normal message delivery has been restored. We discovered some inefficiencies that will make this less of a problem in the future.
Delivery delays 
Multiple accounts hacked. Situation stable. 
"Check out our blog post about ""Phishing"" 
Don't Click That Link! 
!be careful of DMs with a link to blogspot.com that seemingly redirects to Twitter.com and asks for your credentials (we're on the case)
Have you ever tried an Advanced Search? 
Updates to name search / Email from Yahoo 
Yay for new and improved People Search! Who are you looking for? 
The update problem in some browsers has been resolved (it was fixed yesterday). Thanks to our friends at Mozilla for the assist.
"Here's a nice story: ""Twitter flash mob helps homeless"" 
Unable to post The stale timeline problem should now be resolved. If you are still seeing problems please let us know.
Stale timelines 
Odd formatting on www.twitter.com 
We've resolved the problem whereby users were only receiving SMS from a limited set of folks.User deletion disabled 
Facebook app offline 
Email delivery delay 
Some search results delayed 
The results are in 
Canadian SMS service 
Facebook and Sprint problems from yesterday are now resolved: 
SMS problems with Sprint users 
Facebook app offline 
Search Restored 
Search downtime 
Search behind realtime 
Systems nominal 
Update on SMS delivery problems 
Updates on deletions 
Image upload errors 
Site outage 
"I don't know about the term ""twit me"" (maybe it translates well), but some of these unofficial Twitter buttons are neat: 
Search temporarily behind 
User deletion/restoration temporarily off 
Data inconsistencies 
SMS trouble 
Update on SMS delivery issues 
Verizon delivery problems 
SMS delivery problems 
Direct Message delivery problems 
500Errors in the API 
Email Delivery/Password Recovery Problems 
IM: Not coming soon 
Maintenance window tonight 
Search lost its style 
Some delivery problems over SMS 
Fixed problem with API method 
"Encoding problem update, duplicates 
Follow Election 2008 on Twitter!: 
Prompted for login on twitter.com 
Trends missing 
"Bad escaping, character counts 
"Update on missing tweets, other issues 
Missing Tweets? 
Errors this morning 
Profile Designer Bug: Fixed! 
"Background image disappeared during tonight's update? Send a message to with ""no background image"" in the tweet and we'll fix it."
Early warning: We're about to change some stuff up: 
Search unreachable 
A few whales 
Search delay 
"Welcome Nick, congrats Jeremy: Updates no longer delayed 
Update delay 
Trimming the Sails: 
Search is slightly behind 
Investigating Our Incomplete Search Index 
Deletion and Restoration turned off 
We've been investigating an increase in over-capacity messages (whale pages) these past few... 
Direct message links not working 
"Occasionally SMS messages are sent multiple times by the operator, not us."
"looking good, working well 
Working on a hardware issue 
Twitter search available again 
Twitter Search temporarily down 
Some developers using the Twitter API may notice stale data returned when requesting JSON formatted... 
Missing replies 
more information is here:  thanks for your patience everyone!We're still working on the restore. Thanks for your patience!
We just made an update. You should se something soon.
That doesn't sound so great. Pls send us an email using 
They should be on their way back now. We'll keep you updated at  (and here)
Still working on it! Thanks for your patience.
Can you send a message to support?    Thanks!
"many have been restored, but not everyone yet. also, the count was off for some, so it may not return to exactly what it was."
"done, as of two updates ago :)"
hopefully soon! we're still working on it.
we're trying to get them all back.  updates will be posted on our status blog here: 
we're working on restoring missing followers. "we're still doing recovery work, and will continue posting updates at status.twitter.com"
More restoration underway 
Good idea! We'll do more of that.
We're working on restoring those relationships. Thanks for your patience!
It only turns off reply watching for updates directed to people you don't follow. Confusing setting.
We'll see what we can do. :)
"We're working diligently on restoring IM services, and AOL is at the top of our list."
We're attempting to do that work for you! Thanks for your patience.
"Fair enough. We're working on better solutions, but this is what we have today."
Thanks!
See  for a way to only see updates from us.
There's a way to take out a lot of that noise. See this KB article: 
We're on it! Expect more results soon.That's another issue we're working through. We have an engineer dedicated to fixing that soon (maybe today).
Thanks for the support!  Hella good!
Agreed. We've been making updates to our status blog and would like to have as much info as possible for the main one.
You can change what you see by going here:  That'll take the noise away.
Our user search has some issues. We brought in a bunch of search expertise to help us fix it soon!
We have a task team assigned to fixing this issue as quickly and correctly as possible. Thx for your patience!
"Refollowing won't hurt. Unfortunately, we don't have a concrete timeline. We're working to restore as quick as we can."
You just made one! Or check out 
We've been keeping people updated from this account and from status.twitter.com. We're about to make a blog post as well.
We have no concrete timeline. We have a task team on it to make certain it happens as quickly and correctly as possible.
Apologies for that. We're working to restore the relationships. Thanks for your patience!
We're working to restore the relationships. Database mishap last evening. We'll keep all updated here and on status.twitter.com
The restore is still underway. Thanks for your patience!
Thanks for the support!
We're working to restore relationships for all users. Direct messages are a good hint!
Thanks for your patience! We'll keep you updated.
We're working to restore what we can. We'll keep you updated here and at 
See  to remove some of that noise.
we sent you an email with a new password, you should be able to log in with your user name and the new password.
We're working to restore as much as possible. Thanks for your patience.
You can filter out all the noise by going here:  and setting the option
"We miss it too. Now that we've strengthened the team by adding a bunch of search expertise, it'll be back, and better than ever!"
You can fix that by changing that setting though. You'll only get directed to people you follow. 
"Username search still has some issues. Fortunately, we just added a bunch of search people to help us fix that! :)"
We're attempting just that! We'll keep everyone updated.
"Hm. Try changing your screen name to something like, ""roney2"" and then to ""roneyii""."
"Why, we at Twitter Inc. have that account!"
Go to  and choose to get directed at people you follow. Cuts down on the noise.
"Unfortunately, we have no concrete timeline. We're doing it as quickly as we can."
Spam? You may turn of directed to people you don't follow at 
Indeed. We feel pretty terrible about it and are working hard to restore.
We have a restore script running now. We'll keep everyone updated here and at 
We're working on it! Apologies for the inconvenience.
Not sure what you mean by that...
We're working hard on restoring IM.  Pizza may help!
"Yes, we're aware this affects more than just the counts. We're working to restore the connections."
We feel bad about that. It was a database mishap 2 nights ago. We're working to restore.
We've been updating our status blog at  We'll keep that up to date with the freshest info.
We had a database mishap 2 nights ago and are recovering. More information as we have it.
we're on it. Apologies for the inconvenience.
Updated follower/following counts 
Service availability 
Whales 
Timeline inconsistencies 
Profile image issue 
Database machine issue 
Announcing search!:    Why? 
Whale blip 
Continued Progress 
Measurable Improvements 
Maintenance window tonight 
Thursday update 
Monday morning downtime 
Friday Morning Thursday Morning 
Replies tab disabled 
Tuesday morning 
Friday report 
Over capacity errors 
Status blog updates 
Site slowness and error pages 
End of Week update 
Odd whales 
Thursday status update 
Wednesday update on service status 
Experiencing a network problem 
Bringing a few features back 
Some elements of the sidebar temporarily disabled 
Sunday night update 
DB fail over tests success 
Testing our DB fail-over practice 
Looking a bit better after a rough patch 
Lost a database 
With friends tab and feeds 
Things looking up -- mostly 
Monday update 
Databases back online 
Sunday! Sunday! Sunday! 
We're still seeing some slowness in various areas of the service.  We'll be making some... 
Friday slowness 
"We're currently getting a flood of messages from our SMS provider, who was having issues earlier. Please hold on while we weather the storm!"
We're working to bring back both pagination and IM support soon.  Thanks for your patience and we'll keep you updated!
Welcome! Follow our official account for real-time news of what Twitter is doing!
"Vote for Twitter in the Crunchies: Mobile:  Overall:  Ends tonight. Spread the word. Thx!"
"With all these New Year wishes, we (and the phone carriers) may get a little backed up! Happy 2008 to all!"
We had some unexpected downtime earlier...there may still be some lingering issues.  Thx for your patience!!!
Twitter is about to go offline.  See you soon!
Twitter is back! The nap was shorter than we expected.
Taking twitter down for a little nap - the site and message delivery will be back within 4 hours
Making things go faster. Our thoughts are with those affected by the San Diego fires....
Tracking certain keywords on Twitter 
Exploring Twitter! 
Finding out who from my Gmail contacts is already on twitter! 
launching twitter people search!
excited to announce our recent funding 
flitting around new york city and having lots of meetings
making some friendly changes 
blogging about our new drinking water strategy fixing to send out an email with news about twitter to a bunch of nice folks
working on iphones via 'hahlo' and 'pocket tweets' - fun!
tweet_text
FBI claims not a word of its 100k+ page pending prosecution of our staff can be released  
Greek press states that the head of the Mossad and the head of Turkey's MIT met in Sweden to discuss assistance 
Court Ruling Swiss Whistleblower Rudolf Elmer is neither a thief nor a blackmailer WELTWOCHE accordg to Court
"Video: 'Risk' gets standing ovation at QA with Poitras, and Sarah Harrison 
"Assange statement on Australian police raids on 
Read: 
"Assange statment on Statement on 5.5 year detention without charge of our editor at Cannes   Whistleblower Chelsea Manning military appeal filed: Here is the full brief  Wikileaks' Jacob Appelbaum, Sarah Harrison receive standing o. w/Laura Poitras after RISK screening at 
And a new, cute star is born. The internet loves you, Triunfa en el documental sobre  Hollywood Reporter reviews 'Risk' documentary about WikiLeaks 
Assange to remain 'Political Prisoner' under a Clinton presidency "Cool, here's a puzzle for you.
Answers: 5pm 
"""It doesn't matter if you're straight or gay, we won't turn our drones away!"" "To submit unpublished official leaks to us see 
If you do not need cover you can also email officeGeneral Paxton: US needs more than 186k Marines because of WikiLeaks. Yes. You read that right. WikiLeaks. Purrfecting my memory chip stealing technique!
"-British slang: ""johny"" = condom; ""beeb"" = BBC (UK state TV); ""fit up"" = set up; ""j/k"" = ""just kidding"" . Timeline: 
"GCHQ spy agency staff talk about in chat logs obtained through legal process ""it's def[inately] a fit up"" 
Make everyone's day: "They are real records of staff coms. Haven't been shown to the public previously. Obtained in 2013 through DPA,plus appeal",,,Presidente interino de Brasil fue informante de la CIA: WikiLeaks May 28 will mark 2000 days has been arbitrarily detained.  FBI says Hillary Clinton illegally accessing FBI files is not of public interest or relevent to government integrity 
Audio: Assange, 
Our editor's cat has more followers than Hillary Clinton's multi-million dollar super-pac funded campaign Why I Keep Fighting-My Acceptance Speech for the 2016 Blueprint Enduring Impact Whistleblowing Prize =D Our legal documents page now has all the arguments from Lauri Love's NCA compelled decryption hearing: 
ROUND 2 
No extradition!!!
Help fund OUR fight:  
Muere Michael Ratner, abogado de Julian y |  
Pentagon started investigation of WikiLeaks as early as 2008 
DoD Internal correspondence and processing notes re Reuters FOIA re death of Noor Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh.
Slide from a declassified (formerly SECRET) US Strategic Command/Cyber Command PowerPoint. 
Australia won jury vote. But hatred for Russia so strong that Ukraine wins jury+popular vote total.
Actually Russia had the most televotes. Ukraine had more 'professiona' (insider) votes which pushed up the total.
wins reflecting European elite and popular irritation with Russian war More: 
Geopolitics of The contest extensions represent the Western European and Others group at the UN Security Council.
"Eastern europen states, with some exceptions, hate Russia and can hurt it most by voting for Ukraine. New entrant Australia set to win -- because Europeans hate each other and Israel.
New Acting President Of Is US Gov't Informant  
has juries. But ihost country Sweden banned juries from its criminal justice system years ago. Current US Ambassador to Served in Prior to 2012 Coup  probe of organization still active six years later: Justice Dept  See also: bans flags from as well as Kosovo, Palestine, Crimea, Northern Cyprus and several others. 
FILE: Leaked banned flag list (pdf) 
Zuckerberg bans terrifying Assange cat. Facebook has banned 
"host has banned Palestinian, Welsh flags"
Why is being exploited by the Swedish state? (see Many rights scandals. Assange is just one. 
Here is the Swedish state intensely using as soft power cover for its arms industry 
States spend big on hosting to distract from other scandals. What's going on in this year? 
Facebook has banned -- it claims as part of its no cats (state approved names only) policy. 
747documents on the the geopolitics of 
highlights  "slayer, now president, passed sensitive polical info to US intel  'It's a pirate's life for me' 
"Alan Rusbridger, who led the Guardian's five year 'war against WikiLeaks', has been pushed out and will not become Chair of its publisher."
Generated content derived from databases and user supplied content.
"Had the G automated and published at scale it could have made this strategy work, but egos and bylines won."
"Yet AR's strategy of attempting to digitally ""out grow"" the problem we agree with. But needed more automation"
and has had disasterous effects on press feedoms in the UK as we predicted and left the Guardian reviled.
We had to twist Rsbridger's arm into Iraq war logs as did Glenn with NSA docs. P-hacking was sectarian war.,,,IT'S A BOT! EFF's newest family member is a bouncing baby Internet-encrypting machine named Certbot. 
"Brasil's new president was an embassy informant for US intelligence, military  
"New Brasil president provided political intelligence to US National Security Council, US Military  Ha muerto Ratner, abogado de y gran defensor de los DD.HH.  
Berg (formerly Schmidt) was never the spokesperson and did not build the WikiLeaks platform 
FBI re-confirms pending prosection of WikiLeaks, Grand jury running now for six years. We are honored to look back at Michael Ratner's amazing life's work in this 2012 CCR video honoring him. 
RIP: 5 reasons why human rights attorney Michael Ratner was a total badass.
"Anatomy of a Propaganda Blitz 
FBI re-confims pending proceedings against It's Bifo! Kind Human philisopher of the
Brasil's ousted in parliamentary coup, new pres is US embassy informant Michel Temer  
“It is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of executioners.” -- Michael Ratner (1943-2016)
"Remembering Michael Ratner, WikiLeaks Attorney, Who Fought for Justice from to 
Julian Assange: Michael Ratner Was a Campaigner for Justice From Guatemala to Palestine 
"Rest in Power, Michael Ratner: EFF homage to WikiLeaks lead counsel who died yesterday Doors for in conversation with Julian Assange at opening at 7:30 tonight. Tickets online + at box office or…
RIP Michael Ratner, 1943-2016 
We are deeply saddened to learn of the passing of the great, tireless civil liberties lawyer Michael Ratner. RIP. 
RIP Michael Ratner, Radical Attorney; Human Rights Crusader  
""Today we mourn. Tomorrow we carry on his work""  CCR on the sad passing of Michael Ratner:  
Good overview of Michael Ratner's work prior to representing WikiLeaks 1)  2) 
"Michael Ratner, WikiLeaks lead lawyer, has died. Guardian, mentor; true friend. In perpetuum frater ave atque vale. 
"Battle of the diplocats: Day old leaps over FCO's (bizarrely named after imfamous Tory war criminal, Lord Palmerston)"
Grant making foundations are tax dodges set up by the wealthy to exercise soft power with few exceptions.
Lauri Love's defence depends on your help, please contribute to his legal fund!  “There will be no decryption."" British Hacker Wins Court Battle Over Encryption Keys Der Spiegel report on Lauri's victory toda
WikiLeaks is reader funded journalism. The primary threat to all reader funded is foundation and state funded pseudo-journalism.
to be kept secret. Nasty consequence of foundation (not reader) funded 'journalism'? 
ICIJ is not publishing the 11.5m docs of the and it is not disclosing personal information en masse Meet WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's cute and cuddly embassy cat
Chelsea Manning receives cash award for exposing war crimes.   
Chelsea Manning honored with award, cash prize for WikiLeaks disclosures Everyone loves me! Looks who's shown up to greet me! 
Julian Assange finally gets some company inside the Ecuadorian Embassy, a kitten given to him by his children 
Lauri Love awaits ruling today with widespread ramifications  New home! I've arrived! 
Alleged source released an unusually well-written manifesto  but note: 
Note re does not have a 'tip line' so the comment is odd. We take submissions here 24h/day 
Expensive car accross from Ecuadorian embassy in London yesterday Bilinmeyen: Julian Assange Tek Link  
Assage lawyer John RWD Jones obituary 
It takes a special kind of fail to fall for a proven hoaxer twice in five months on the same hoax. - "We'd like to thank hoaxer Dr Craig Wright for showing how  bankrupt the fact-checking standards are at the BBC, LRB; Economist."Yes. But also dodgy not to give bonafide murder/extortion investigators info. Only solution is to publish.
"Not our understanding. On May 9 ICIJ is releasing ""basic"" ""limited"" corp info list. Their words.",,,Hillary Clinton could steal the election with the help of a stealth startup funded by Google Chairman Eric Schmidt This is my favorite cable
I encourage you to read it 
"Homage to WiKiLeaks unveiled in for World Press Freedom Day. Thanks the artist; RSF! 
Today is World Press Freedom Day ""Underground: The Julian Assange Story"" 21:45'te TV'de ilk kez 
It is bad that censors-by-default. But it is threat to all to erect this as the 'responsible' way for media to behave.
DC based is setting a very dangerous, short-sighted international standard where everything is censored by default. DC-based ICIJ  states it will not release docs but 'careful and limited selection of basic corporate information “ on May 9."The latest, entirely bogus, excuse for the lucrative privatization of archive: source protection 
Panama Papers not to be published or given to police/lawyers as money is moved and evidence destroyed Ecuador earthquake leaves 120000 children temporarily out of school - UNICEF 
John channels his inner Steve Jobs (and Elon Musk, Ed Snowden, Julian Assange; more) in his campaign video htt…"
New Laura Poitras film on Assange/WikiLeaks to premiere at Cannes May 19  Examination of education of Top Secret world shows gulf b/w elected/confirmed decision-makers; nat sec rank; file
Yes. It's a good advertisement for the ECHR.
Classic Guardian: Spends big to spin support for ECHR into support for EU. ECHR is CoE and has nothing to do with EU 
"French whistleblowers, journalist in court as trial opens
Ecuador's students in UK launch official fundraiser for   
Noam discusses  
New film about Julian work inside the embassy ('Risk)' by Oscar winner Laura Poitras ('Citizen 4') will premiere at Ecuador opens EU wide earthquake relief fund  
Statement by ICC defense office on the death of John Jones QC who represented Assange at UN, Saif Gaddafi at ICC 
John Jones QC brilliant and beloved lawyer for Assange, WikiLeaks tragically died yesterday  
"Hillary as an example of grief exploitation. Does nothing but project a claim that she has a heart--in fact, several 
Ecuador quake official death toll has hit 413. Many 'give' their 'thoughts' and 'hearts' but money and rescue equipment work better.
The woman says the police made it up and placed her under duress 
Major hotel booking service lets users send bitcoins to WikiLeaks. An interesting support example.
Como se manda donaciones desde el exterior? Los datos son validos fuera de Ecuador?
Donate link for Ecuador Red Cross 
Abre tu wifi en zonas de desastre/Please open your wifi in disaster zones 77 dead, 100s injured in 7.8 magnitude in threat over 
Assange: 7.8 earthquake in kills at least 77--possibly hundreds. Tsunami warning given. The world stands with you Ecuador.
Will The Kill Journalism? 
"Govt call a ""random"" Swede PR effort--only not random and all calls recorded by govt so no-one says the wrong thing. 
VIDEO: French police pepper spray lawyer in face for filming beating  Full docs or GTFO!"Not only; Sweden has placed many people in isolation without charge, for years--even children."
VIDEO: Assange lawyer peper sprayed in eyes whilst filming illegal kettling in Paris  "In total, Guardian has released, 2 documents. 0 documents."
Lagarde says IMF is pursuing ""good faith"" talks with Greece after dispute  
"Berger: ""not the Scoop but the Flop of the Century""  "AFP: London is the capital of ""funny money"" 
"Claims that themselves are a 'plot' against Russia are nonsense. However hoarding, DC organization; USAID money tilt coverage",,,City of London is 'beating heart' of tax empire  by Mark Donne 
"We referred to the OCCPR story on Putin, funded by USAID. Not the papers themselves."
"Largest Swedish bank, Nordea, paid to have papers forged  
US Supreme Court Denies Request from D.C. Madam's Attorney to Release Info  Prior release: 
Nothing to do with releasing it gradually--we often do that. The issue is promising to censor most of it forever.
If you censor more than 99% of the documents you are engaged 1% journalism by definition.
US govt funded attack story on Putin via USAID. Some good journalists but no model for integrity. 
SZ is the source of the documents. OCCRP is the source of the Putin story.
Note: PanamaPapers has fewer emails than even our Stratfor release. ICIJ fudged the figures by counting database rows.
WikiLeaks' Kristinn Hrafnsson calls for data leak to be released in full 
"The US OCCRP can do good work, but for the US govt to directly fund the attack on Putin seriously undermines its integrity."
Putin attack was produced by OCCRP which targets Russia, former USSR and was funded by USAID, Soros. Today and stabbed a knife in the heart of mass surveillance states everywhere: 
"Washington DC based Ford, Soros funded soft-power tax-dodge ""ICIJ"" has a  WikiLeaks problem 
"Today is the 6th anniversiary of Collateral Murder 
Can we just remind ourselves that the are from just ONE law firm, in just ONE tax haven. Tip of the proverbia…"
Enjoying Lots of good work--but who is the real hero? The anonymous hacker who obtained them. Also 
"""thanks dad""
PM David Cameron in multi-miilion pound inhertence dodge 
All released so far (149 out of 11.5 million) 
Here are the famous politicians in 'the Wikileaks of the mega-rich' Demands for inquiry into diversion of climate change funds for Security Council 'bribe tour' 
"Sweden diverted climate money to target 27 UN ambassadors; wrest UN Security Council seat from 
Bloomberg: WikiLeaks Controversy Strengthens Case for Debt Forgiveness  "map of companies and clients: more than 3000 in US, more than 9000 in UK  
Former Greek Finance Minister releases article on WikiLeaks tapes  "RELEASE: IMF looks to ""credit event"" to force the hand of;  
"Full statement of Mossack Fonseca (firm)
There's a big meta-story here. How did the Australian government get the data?  See "companies, 64 clients, 285 shareholders  
"map of companies and clients; More than 3000 in US, more than 9000 in UK  
"Indians in - Big B, KP Singh, Aishwarya Rai, Iqbal Mirchi, Adani brother  
"The most important graph in the - the number of intermediaries (banks, accountants) in each country. Everything on  is back up and running as it should be. Come on over and explore the inves…
"Worldwide, jaws drop to 'Panama Papers' leak
Should we release all 11 million so everyone can search through them like our other publications?
"When leaks collide: IMF tapes meets Panama Papers in the form of Thomsen; Papastavrou 
"It is part funded by USAID but there are people doing good work, just don't expect such work widely publicized in english."
Nea Demokratia's Stavros Papastavrou in 1:  2:  3: 
All documents released so far for (149 out of 11 million) 
WikiLeaks didn't lead the so most docs will not be released and you won't get a searchable database 
"REVEALED: The sordid wrangling between the IMF and EU which shows Greek democracy is dead 
Former CIA director on how water boarding is ok for the US but not US enemies.  
GB comparison is meaningless between different media types. e.g our videos files are 100x the size of Panama Papers.
IMF Director Christine reponds to Greece Prime Minister Alexis over WikiLeaks transcript Saudi Crown Prince secret holdings 1:  2:  3:  Greece Demands Response To IMF Debt Default Leak  
implicated 1:  2:  3:  
PM David Cameron implicated via father in 1:  2:  
President 1:  2:  3:  Time to support We need more whistleblowers. Confident that they will be supported. PM David Cameron's father is implicated. But you won't see that in the Guardian.
"As Ukraine's troops were being slaughtered in Ilovaisk, President  The look on PM of Iceland's face when he's asked about 
Reveal Sharif's Hidden Empire 
Nawaz Sharif and the late Benazir Bhutto are implicated in the Indians implicated in the to be revealed tomorrow in the Express 
"Cameron, Macri, Poroshenko; Al Saud implicated in  
Here are the famous politicians in 'the Wikileaks of the mega-rich'  
"Here are the famous politicos in 'the Wikileaks of the mega-rich' 
All Putin's Men: Secret Records Reveal Money Network Tied to Associates of Russian Leader 
"""Oops"" 
"You don't understand. The whole world uses Panama company registrations to hide ownership, bank holdings."
30minutes to go: German newspaper SZ angle on pending leak 
In just under an hour over one hundred media outlets around the world will start publishing theShould Europeans rely exclusively on Wikileaks to know the truth about their future? Sign the Transparency Petition ht…
"Billionaires, presidents, killers, banks, drug lords, ministers... in massive offshore leak. One hour to go.  "ANNOUNCE: In under two hours, the Panama Papers - massive offshore leak exposes the dirty dealings of hundreds of famous figures, orgs."
Syriza letter to head of European Parliament over WikiLeaks' IMF transcript (automatic translation) 
"Varoufakis: ""Wikileaks [reveals] an attrition war between a reasonably numerate villain (the IMF) and a chronic procrastinator (Berlin)"""
".Streit zwischen IWF und EU: Endspiel um Griechenlands Schulden 
More: 
Greece: Endgame for the IMF-EU Feud over Greece's Debt  by | Der Spiegel
"Suburbs dwell on the moods of the capital. Australians are lauded when they ""make it"" in the US. But the opposite also holds true"
IMF may push to exit Greek bailout, according to WikiLeaks transcript Wikileaks:
Greek PM Alexis Tsipras letter to head Christine Lagarde in response to our publication this morning. 
No. Just spin by apologists trying to distract from the content.
Litigation and campaigning.
"Want to see more IMF publications? You can make it happen: 
WikiLeaks is tax deductable in EU and US."
After WikiLeaks Revelation, Greece Asks I.M.F. to Clarify Bailout Plan  
"Greece wants IMF explanations over Wikileaks report
IMF plots new “credit event” to strong-arm Greece and Germany 
Greece wants explanations over Wikileaks report   IMF plots new credit event for Greece to strenghten its position against Tsipras and Merkel 
By far the most detail about the IMF mission which was in Greece that week. In general the Greek press is strong on the issue.
"That would be nice, but the transcript and the spelling (derived from the Greek press) is ours.",,,La formidabile sfida tra e 
"Waiting for the Eurogroup - Wikileaks' Explosive IMF Transcript on Greece
Greek gov't reacts to WikiLeaks claims about IMF conversation on Greek bailout  
Greek government to hold emergency meeting today over WikiLeaks-IMF publication 
We have verified the authenticity and have a perfect record over 10 years of doing so.
RELEASE: The tapes: war with over Greece: IMF predicts default by July  
"DC Madam Attorney: Election Bombshell Already Hidden Online
See our previous release:
"English translation of Putin strategist essay on Russian world view of Europe, US, China 
RELEASE: Confidential records show at war with over  The world has gone mad. Every time we use a card we support the surveillance of our privacy. They blocked transactions…
Saturday (GMT): WikiLeaks reveals ultimatum to over a looming Greek 'disaster'  
NSA using underwater drones delivered by submarine to mass intercept nations  via 
FREE download for one day only. The WikiLeaks Files book  
FREE download for one day only. The WikiLeaks Files  WikiLeaks' index of emails reveals cozy relationship with press [VIDEO]  "WikiLeaks, so far, has a perfect record. Please do not spread disinformation.",,,Man reported to police for farting in woman's apartment in 'revenge' for being denied sex  
The Bribe Factory: How western multi-nationals from Rolls-Royce to Halliburton bribed the world's governments 
The Bribe Factory: How western multi-nationals from Rolls-Royce to Halliburton to bribed the world's governments 
"Attack on the was 'a politically motivated hit job'
Our PermRep in Geneva has delivered our rebuttal statement and request for the UN WGAD to review its Assange opinion of 5 Feb
"Hilliary described Google Chairman Eric Schmidt as her ""co-conspirator"" early as 2011  More: 
"Mega comedy podcast on Manning, Assange;  
"Google; Al-Jazeera Encouraged Civil War In 
.writes in on Swedish politically appointed More:  h…",,,Barrett Brown's latest is a devastating review of biography of Henry Kissinger 
"US had ""serious concerns"" about nuclear reactor security for more than a decade  .founder on Julian vs. the UK press  
.founder on Julian vs. the UK press  Hillary Clinton did duck and cover at an aiport after all -- from african bees  expose by CBS 
Good summary of today's UN ruling on sea boundaries  More: 
"Spectator editor commissions ""hatchet job"" on; Assange; has his emails leaked. 
"Four hour comedy podcast on Manning, Assange; SUPPORT This is Your chance to help save Julian  
The U.K. and Sweden risk becoming ""rogue nations"" by ignoring the U.N. ruling on Assange 
".UK; Sweden becoming ""rogue nations"" by ignoring UN ruling on 
More: 
".on Free campaign; campaign:  
"""Pro-Atlantik"" Westerwelle war gegen Atombomben aber nicht wegen  International viewers can watch tonight's program on our website:  
Analysis of WikiLeaks docs shows intelligence-gathering at Gitmo has been ineffective  
Google covertly tried to encourage the collapse of leaked Clinton emails show  More: 
The only correct position on EU should not share domestic passenger records with US since US refuses to share the same with EU.
Understanding the EU debate: a decade of US pressure to collect inteligence on European flights 
"UK special forces currently deployed in says leaked memo 
See also: 
"UK officials: We never detained WikiLeaks founder 
See also: 
"Hillary Emails show UK, French, Egyptian special forces were secretly in Libya providing arms to ""protestors"" 
"Hillary Emails show how US framed Gaddafi with ""viagra to troops"" mass rape accusation  See 
"Hillary Emails show how US framed Gaddafi with ""viagra to troops"" mass rape accusation 
See 
John Cusack and Hillary digital diva Wage a War of Tweets Over Internet Freedom  
Wow. Retired Army Colonel, and Colin Powell's Chief of Staff:   denies finding it's unlawfully holding founder  
"Sweden has missed its 60 day appeal window for Assange-UN case. So we now have a bizarre position. UK has appealed, Sweden has not."
UN rules covering the UK govt's appeal against win  More:  
The Saudi origins of Belgium's Islamist threat 
"Dossier Alabri: la a fait pression sur l'Arabie             
Classified cable: BELGIAN MUSLIMS: IDENTITY AND INTEGRATION  "UK government claims it seeks review of UN Julian Assange arbitrary detention finding 
Is that what UN says?
For further information see 
JA filed case in Sweden to enforce the UN judgement is about to be heard with docs filed earlier this week.,,,Wikileaks. Emails de Hillary: David Cameron y Nicolas Sarkozy quieren el petroleo de Libia a cambio de la guerra 
"UK gov has made a formal appeal to the UN judgement finding for Assange. Spins it as a ""response"" in PR. See also: 
30k FBI/DHS agents + contacts + resumes now merged into the 410k strong ICWATCH database 
.on his plan to save the 
Diem25, Assange: ""Dopo attentati Bruxelles si rischia Patriot Act Europeo""
Georgia's 'Sex Wikileaks' Revives Fear of Govt Snooping  ""Everything you do in your bedroom can be…"
h…"
Are you a Do you have documents the world needs to see? See also 
The Hillary Email just read out  Head of British Intelligence Agency on and Regrets 
Search 30k FBI/DHS agents + contacts now merged into the 410k strong ICWATCH database Remember that FBI/DHS hack last month? We just added that dataset of 30k FBI/DHS staff to ICWatch and supplemented it …
this is .tracking of a manager,assisting in unlocking  iPhone 
"Google 'planned to aid Syria regime defectors,' leaked Clinton emails show 
More: 
Exactly the opposite. Sweden refused to accept any kind of statement since the beginning 
What the Saudi Leaks Tell Us: An Interview With Julian Assange 
"After publishing Hillary emails we see a lot of this. WikiLeaks has nothing to do with Russia or the FSB, whatsoever."
"Want to highlight Hillary Emails like we do? Select text, then click on our yellow pencil on the bottom right 
"the yellow ""pencil"" on the bottom right. Select text, then click on it.",,,[ Google
Hillary Emails:, want oil in exchange for war  
"Hillary Clinton offered ""suite of offices"" at Rockefeller Foundation
after: 
"A day with Hillary Clinton; rig an award for David Rockefeller, hang out with Carlos Slim  
Fascinating Nov 2011 e-mail on Yingluck Shinawatra, from Hillary Clinton's private server  
"What is your agenda aginst Pilger? How do you turn Trump ""is certainly odious"" into ""praises Trump""?The Courage Foundation in of Jeremy Hammond  
"Hillary's smug comments on Qaddafi's death:  and internal ""brag sheet"" 
Hillary rejected Qaddafi plan to democratise instead bombed it into an ISIS swamp  
Assange accuses Clinton of 'spreading terrorism' through 'poor decisions' (note date)  More: 
"How Google, among others, contributed to today's terror attack in Belgium by making Syria a breeding ground for ISIS 
Suspected Belgium attackers at airport. Note highly amaturish concealment of possible detonator in gloves. 
"WikiLeaks cables portray Arabia as a ""cash machine for terrorists""  More: 
"Today's terror attacks in Belgium are the terrible, but entirely predictable, consequences of mindless adventurism in Libya, Syria;  Iraq.",,,Report on progress, challenges in  
.takes on Alec Ross, the Tom Friedman of digital diplomacy, and his paucity of big ideas. 
When did he say that?
"Hillary Clinton's ""Tick Tock"" details how she 'led' the destruction  
"""Shut up and think"" - creative workers under cognitive capitalism via 
If you thought that Google/State Dept Syrian affair was a one-off incident, check my new review of Alec Ross's book 
See 
They Made Him a Moron -- the Strange Career of Hillary's Digital Diva  More: 
"'Chilling Effect' of Mass Surveillance Is Silencing Dissent Online, Study Says
"He's in a mad scramble, like most former HRC staffers now, to suck up for a HRC admin."
Level of energy expended by Ross shows concern over that Syria cable. 300k people killed. What fraction due to Ross, Cohen?
Former Hillary staffer A. Ross in unseemly brawl with actor after being outed in Hillary Email on 
Here's Ross (and Cohen) under Hillary writing one of the most sexist ( provincial) cables ever 
"The opposite. He's been smarting since 2014 about Assange naming him a ""foreign policy tech vulture"". 
Any statement on why they were down?
State Department error.
Hard for a production crew to get enthusiastic about hackneyed propaganda? 
more we communicate, the more we understand'Julian Assange
NEW DOC. ON Feat. + more htt…",,,WikiLeaks accuses Facebook for censoring Clinton's email release 
Google Ideas director in Syria Sep 2010  more on Jared Cohen:  
It was meeeeeee! Hillary Clinton's secret brag sheet -- before moved in  (fixed) 
It was meeeeeee! Hillary Clinton's secret brag sheet -- before ISIS moved in  
Hillary Emails: Google tried to boost Assad defections  More:  
Photo shows why blacks voted for Hillary: diversity in her friendship clique  
"Recall ""Sean Wilentz"" who wrote attack piece on Hilliary pal for years  
"Dear stop censoring our Hillary Clinton email release. No, really. Stop it. There is no technical excuse. 
All Hillary Clinton emails published to date have now been merged into our general, advanced search system 
"Well, as they say, you can't argue with retard."
There's a question as to how much Syrian blood FP has on its hands by pushing bounds of ICCPR 20
How often does FP knowingly provide cover for floating US policy baloons? Our sources say FP does it frequently.
WikiLeaks has a perfect record and has published 650k docs related to Russia 
"The question now is much FP ""was in on"" transforming a ""Smash Syria for Israel"" doc turn into something PC."
Nonsense. It is presented exactly as the State Department released it and all press call the general collection the same way.
"Depends the nature of the relationship, the discussion and the edits."
See the header and footer.
Are you going to own this and correct your tweet?
"This FP article appears to be a more politically correct derivation
No. The other way around.
The FP article is a diminished publicly safer version.
The State Dept FOIA unit stripped metadata for most attachments for reasons only they can explain.
"Not quite. It was discussed with Hillary's team before appearing in FP, where it was made more PC."
"Interesting question here, given the date is whether the video was that of the slain US ambassador Stevens."
Hillary worked with Google CEOs to keep video from public   
It is footed by the Benghazi subpoena. It seems likely the video was censored for 2-3 weeks during the heat.
Le Monde: le hip-hop contre la de masse   What the Saudi leaks tell us: An interview with Julian Assange 
Are you suggesting WikiLeaks published a fake document? We have a perfect record. Challenge it at your perfil.
The error in the date comes from the State Deparment.
"Unclear whether it is the video of the slain ambassador or the ""innocence of muslims"", however it is footed by Benghazi at the end."
We are not going to contaminate the State Department's records even when their dates are wrong -- for obvious reasons.
Any errors in timestamps or other metadata come from the State Department.
You have just been exposed as falsely stating that we published a fake document. A serious libel. Own it.
Proof that it is not a fake and was issued by the State Department: 
It is not a fake. Please stop spreading falsehoods:  
WikiLeaks has a perfect record. Challenge it at your peril.,,,WikiLeaks Publishes Searchable Archive Of Emails 
We'll give you ten minutes to retract.
WikiLeaks has a perfect record. Challenge our record at your peril.
Hillary Emails: Israeli intelligence says Sunni-Shiite war good for  
"Google worked with State Dept + Al Jazeera to help create bloodbath 
More on Cohen 
Hillary rejected Saif Qaddafi plan to democratise instead bombed it into chaos  
Hillary Emails: French intelligence reports on Algerian hostage crisis of 2013  Hillary Emails: The fate and career of Bob 'Watergate' Woodward?  
Clinton email reveals that Hillary worked with Google CEOs to keep video blocked  
What the leaks tell us: An interview with Julian  "Classified US cable: own president boasted of taking ""direction"" from 
Hillary Emails: Overthrow government to help Israel  "Google's ""director of regime change"" worked with Hillary to overthrow 
More on Cohen 
"Hillary Emails: Google director worked with State Department to overthrow  
Also: 
"RELEASE: Search engine for 30,322 Hillary Clinton emails  
READ: ActionAid Aus Exec Director meets Julian Assange. Talks rights, justice.  Sen. Bongbong Marcos did not deny his participation in clinching Beijing's approval to set up a Chinese consulate... h…
WikiLeaks publishes searchable archive of Hillary Clinton's emails.
Session 5 with, is online!  (show will be online …
We have a perfect record. Why wouldn't it be accurate?
Judge's release is problematic. Our's would not be. Differnt primary functions.
"Hillary emails on Greece; the pending collapse of the Euro Zone  
"Did you know you can embed our in your articles and blogposts? On the per-email page, use ""Share.."" 
"Economist states ""Trump is a top 10 threat"" but neglected to mention that Hillary's ""loyal adoring pal"" owns it 
"Hillary email: ""watergate"" journalist Bob Woodward is now an ""FBI asset""  
69Hillary emails on US embassy asylee Cheng Guangcheng NGOs knock down UK for refusing to accept UN's ruling on detention  
"Economist just said that is a top 10 threat. Hillary's ""loyal adoring pal"" Lynn Rothschild owns it. 
Hillary rejected Saif Qaddafi plan to democratise Libya, bombed it into chaos instead  
Now that's meta: Now published by WikiLeaks 207 Hillary Clinton emails about WikiLeaks publishing Clinton Cables 
527Hillary Clinton emails show cozy dealings with Tony, Cherie Blair 2010-2013  
"RELEASE: Search engine for 30,322 Hillary Clinton emails from Blair to the Rothchilds  
Has Kizza become Uganda's Julian Assange?  More: paga a agente para intervenir en caso  
231Hillary Clinton emails show the cozy dealings with Tony Blair 2010-2013  
Hillary Clinton emails on da Silva  and cables: 
NEW: Search all Hillary Emails using WikiLeaks advanced search 
Iron Maiden is more correct than they know.
"It's not you. It's us: Our Hillary Emails search machines are massively overloaded giving ""Query failed"". More sever capacity in the morning"
The Hillary search database servers have gone down under the load and will be back tomorrow morning.
Georgia's “Sex Wikileaks” sees sex tapes made by spies leaked  Amusing email from Clinton's docs on Wikileaks, complaining about old gov tech and use of personal email accts. 
"We mean, what does he say is the conclusion?",,,Here's the link to read emails  Fun Reading... 
WikiLeaks documents shows that intelligence-gathering at has been ineffective. 
"Did you know you can embed our in your articles and blogposts? On the per-email page, use ""Share.."" 
Does he indeed. And?
'People who destroy records of war crimes, are themselves, war criminals!' Julian Assange
NEW DOC. ON FREE SPEECH 
"OCR. See the ""original PDF"" tab.",,,is the master of intricate search engines. Support their latest work for the Hillary Clinton email cache: 
"Hillary Clinton's ""loyal adoring pal"" Lynn Forester de Rothschild  
There's seems to be a problem with one of our servers. Just keep trying until you randomly use another server.
Hillary Emails: 117 emails from Tony Blair's secret email address 'aclb'  
"Hillary Clinton emails: 284 ""sensitive source"" emails Hillary Clinton in een uitgelekte email over Martin Bosma van de  
"Hillary Clinton email: ""The Murdochs are almost literally going crazy. James Murdoch...""  
"Gaddafi: ""Dear Obama, I have the pleasure to send a congratulation note for the 1st time to an American president"" 
"Hillary emails on Greece and the collapse of the Euro  
"Did you know you can highlight our Just select text then use the pencil on the bottom right, e.g 
"Did you know you can embed our in your articles and blogposts? Search for an email, then ""Share"" 
With many thanks 
"RELEASE: Search engine for 30,322 Hillary Clinton emails  
Stand by for the launch of a new search system related to the US election. Snowden, Wikileaks, Lista Falciani... We are concerned to read this report. Will Amnesty issue a response? Ecuador concerned over UK position on Assange  
"Whoever it is using our name, they do so falsely, and have nothing to do with WikiLeaks.""Swedish PM Reinfeldt moves to Bank of America  
Yes. This Bank of America: Ecuador concerned over UK position on Assange  NYT publishes positive article on Sanders' Congressional record. Then makes numerous revisions to dilute much of it 
No Telesur, the UN found in Assange, Ecuador's favor. Its western state allies of the UK that are being 'blasted'.
"Fascinating body language in this picture from today: ""I've got the cheque!"" ""I've got you!""  
.Sweden today handed 10 million crowns in state gambling money  More: 
Ecuador denounces the ""human rights
violations"" against Julian Assange, at a session of the UN's Human Rights Council in G…"
AAP: Ecuador meets with UK to express concern over UN finding on  More:  "Yes. It's getting worse, but Sweden has always had one of the worst wealth inqualities in Europe."
Amnesty Sweden not protecting the it should i.e.
But…
When has Sweden been liberal? It has forced eugenics until '78 and has unlimited detention without charge and no juries.,,,Ecuador's ambassador in London has met a Foreign Office minister and expressed concern over the government's position on J…
Undecover agent became CEO of 'left wing' journo outfit, used to campaign VS 
That's a better book.
"No. None. See ""unauthorized""."
Julian Assange has not been charged (there are numerous other errors) Today is the 2000th day of the US secret Grand Jury investigation of,
Amnesty Sweden now calls for Sweden to obey UN over Assange, says Swedish spy not behind earlier position  "Hundreds of thousands of FOIA pages from DoJ + others still blocked with the excuse of the ""pending prosecution"" of WikiLeaks",,,is here! Check out all the events happening near you:  htt…
As dawns, more need than ever for transparency Government agencies celebrating should remember that the best way to celebrate is by complying with it.
Check your facts. Assange not been charged and the woman says the police made it up: 
"""Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Sweden's stance against Assange” 
"""Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Sweden's stance against Assange” 
"""Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Sweden's stance on Assange”  "Google ""may shift up to 10.4 million votes to Hillary""   More:  VIDEO: Hillary's secret weapon: Google  More:  ".Chers journalistes, les amis des lanceurs d'alerte ne vous aiment pas trop  Novelist Barry Eisler releases novel based on battle  "How the ""World's Sports Alliance"" became a multi-billion dollar front for mining companies  
cc:  
You can't be serious. Don't use our trademark to endorse your dodgy product.  
How the NSA global mass surveillance system was revealed shortly before 9/11 -- which was then used to sweep it away 
Who wants to stare at a screen all day? Women avoid such anti-social sedentry. Biggest issue is poor quality of life work.
"PM David Cameron's national security head blames Assange for falsely states Assange is charged, hates FOIA 
US Customs and Border Protection operates MQ-9 predator drones through contractor Organizational Strategies, Inc 
Updated: FCO Finally Admits To Receiving Intelligence From Torture - With thanks to Andrew.
This is the most 
"Sweden's star ""progressive"" journalism outfit founded and run by secret police agent  Russia's Aaron Swartz is Alexandra Elbakyan and she's liberated the world's scientific papers
No storming. Guardian smashed their own hard drives for the government who paid a visit by appointment.
"Surreal: Paid Swedish agent secretly took over 'progressive' journalism outfit; used it to attack Assange, Russia 
Swedish security services implicated in second disinformation campaign against Assange  
Undecover agent became CEO of award-winning Swedish journo outfit and used it to wage disinformation war on Assange 
"Sweden's star ""progressive"" journalism outfit founded and run by secret police agent  Subgraph OS: try out the new privacy OS, get involved in developing it further Obama suggests crypto backdoors are a “balanced” solution.  
To prevent whistleblowing, U.S. intelligence agencies are instructing staff to spy on their colleagues 
Journalist: is written by socialists for toffs and is written by toffs for socialists 
"LIVE now: Edward on Apple vs FBI
LIVE now: Edward on FBI vs Apple  (scroll down)
LIVE in 25 mins: Edward  (scroll down to see stream)
LIVE: Secret ANC agent talks about the underground cryptosystems behind the ANC 
LIVE: WikiLeaks lawyer   LIVE: How the Guardian has been corrupted by its advertisers   (scroll down)
LIVE: The secret network behind the ANC resistance  (scroll down),,,Listen to the audio recording of the whole session with Jacob Appelbaum here:  
"In two hours: panel with Julian and Livestream: 
Former agent of Swedish Security Police dictated stance on  Anything you like from here: 
Hillary's unseemly pleasure in killing people  Google-Schmidt-Pentagon-Hillary
LIVE: Der Spiegel's Holgar Stark talking on how NSA was trying to spy on their sources 
"LIVE: Where have the revelations taken us? It's not a pretty picture:
"The book needs to read. Even Sweden in its ""hey day"" was deeply authoritarian  What if they were Russian intelligence resumes?
""We collected over 70,000 resumes of people in the intelligence community"" Stream: 
"LIVE: Transparency; Protection with and  
No metnion here that Sweden is one of the few OECD states refusing ICCPR Article 20 banning propaganda for war (to incite war).
Not to mention that Sweden insisted on a legal reservation to the ICCPR Article 20 banning propaganda for war.
Neat. Where's that from?
What's odd about it? Greenwald left the Guardian due to all the censorship.
"Guardian editorial sides with the FBI (or, more probably, GCHQ) against Apple 
The Guardian: ""Confidentiality is never completely absolute"".
Whisleblowers, leak elsewhere.
A telegram: has become uncontrollable. His fall led to the fall of  
"Ah, yes, the powerless Mr. Murdoch."
"Journalists and ISPs get paid. Why shouldn't the people who risk the most? If society wants to prove value, it pays."
The reality is that US broadsheets have established a cartel to reduce imput costs and then tried to claim it is for ethics.
So we should censor docs because we're worried about the PR implications? Only very rarely is there a Snowden.
So we should start self-censoring because of fear? This is WikiLeaks. Defanging fear is our business model. UN Expert: Swedish executive's attempt to pass the buck on is 'unsatisfactory' (Sweden is a unitary state) 
So's everyone else. Why pick on Chompers? 
What does it matter as long as the documents are verified?
Copying. Not stealing.
Amnesty split over 
Hillary Clinton, World War III  More: 
Funny to see at lobbying for spot on with laws like this  
Oliver Stone on making his forthcoming movie  Hillary Clinton vs. Bernie Sanders on Whether to Invade Iraq  More:  When reality the Girl with the Dragon Tatoo really did sell to the secret police 
Is there a recording / transcript of it?Amnesty split over Assange after intelligence agent outed  
You can read more about what happened to Sweden here: 
Amnesty Sweden infiltrated by Swedish secret police  
Life sized Ecuadorian Embassy replica by opening at HKW on Wednesday  
Cross referencing Clinton emails shows Hillary may have illegally deleted email on Libya  Cross referencing Clinton emails shows Hillary may have illegally deteleted email on Libya  said to be agent by US embassy source  "Missing Clinton E-Mail Claims Saudis Financed Benghazi Attacks
What's complotist?Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Sweden's stance against Assange  UN rights expert urges the UK and Sweden to ""give good example to the world"" and implement the Assange ruling 
The U.K. and Sweden risk becoming ""rogue nations"" by ignoring the U.N. ruling on Assange Tomorrow at in Berlin: of Subgraph + + Julian Assange of + 
Yes. But the porn was actually produced by Danish commercial outfits and sold as Swedish inorder to reduce regulatory pressure.
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture  denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture  denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture denounce Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture,  denounce Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for the Prevention of Torture, denounce Sweden for ongoing abuses 
on = in
"By law people have to study feminism accross all universities regardless of degree. ""state feminism"" as its proponents call it."
"POLL: Should we add Hillary Clinton's secret ""Goldman Sachs speech"" to our Most Wanted list? 
also: 
""How to protect is the question MEPs will put to Commission and Council in a debate today.  Please correct so we can reweet.
Hillary pushed huge $850m govt loan to her pals to build world's largest coal power plant concerned about the lack of an independent body to investigate allegations of police abuses in LIVE: Sweden grilled by UN over human rights treaty violations  
See  Review of by the is starting now. Watch it live at  
Swedish agent caused Amnesty Int vs Amnesty Sweden split over Assange Join our ambassadors at Barbershop  tomorrow   
Thank you. That is correct. There is a duplicate letter also going to Hillary.
Correction. This is a duplicate letter sent to UK FM William Hague.
Hilliary Clinton's time in office led to one foreign policy disaster after another  Serious error in your Sat Paper article. Assange has not been charged, one allegation, police made it up 
See 
"Serious error. Assange has not been charged cf ""the sexual assault charges""; there is one woman and she says the police made it up"
A WikiLeaks history of in 132 documents from 1973 until today.  
Disqus breach of 29 million comments and identities led by Swedish undercover agent  context: 
"Assange 'guarantees' spark split:
4years later extraordinary true story revealed: Editorial: Ecuador a Assange: apoyo renovado: El nuevo ministro ecuatoriano de Relaciones Exteriores, Guillaum... 
"featuring talks from; many others, will be livestreamed here March 1112: 
Undercover agent led campaign against Assange while CEO of Researchgruppen  context:  Top journalism prize awarded to Swedish agent posing as journalist.  The donation address appears on the most websites in our rankings 
"Embassy asylee, wanted for extradition, found dead inside embassy 
Top journalism prize awarded to secret agent posing as activist-journalist  
Intelligence agent dictated Sweden's stance on   
SLUTREPLIK:
It is not a 'naive folly'. It is a strategy to have cannon fodder for a perceived coming war with Russia.
If true? It is admitted by the agent themselves.Senior, celebrated Swedish activist (who lobbied against Assange) turns out to be long-term police spy 
Swedish secret agent behind US extradition rift between  HQ, Amnesty Sweden   Guillaume Long insiste en que Londres y Estocolmo liberen a Exposed: Swedish secret agent behind rift between and over   ""Exhortamos a que se cumpla el dictamen del grupo de trabajo de la sobre Julian CancillerMy study on the detainees' behavior based on data is now published:  
Massive expansion of Swedish military PSYOPS (black propaganda operations) - job advertisements 
Swedish military hiring for online propaganda operations  refuses ICCPR ban on propaganda Swedens most influential newspaper publishes article saying UN criticism of Sweden over Assange is correct  One month ago today: UN rules that has been arbitrarily detained since 7 Dec 2010  
220Spanish MPs+MEPs call for Sweden to respect United Nations decision in Assange case  " Looks like the 'effect' again - too many people follow our tweets, when they read at once, sites go down."
143Italian MPs+MEPs issue call for Sweden, UK to respect international law and free Assange  Nessuno tocchi il soldato Julian  via Couldn't agree more.
What media ethics: 
Yes. Assange not even charged. Prosecutor convicted and jailed with child rape. Swedish justice is a joke.
Swedish prosecutor convicted of child rape, Swedish prosecution, police engaged in coverup, still conceal name 
Swedish prosecutor jailed for raping child and may have used child porn case files, his name is censored by Sweden 
UK government wants computer expert Lauri Love's keys:  
"Dear Mr. Savage, you are a fraud: 
In otherwords the US embassy was subsidising your content for free (a financial inducement) undercutting union rates.DN DEBATT 29/2:
More Emails Show Staffer Working With Reporter On Wikileaks Coverage 
UN found Australia to have arbitrary detained an Egyptian asylum seeker and his family Eleanor Roosevelt, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights  Ban Ki-moon at UN Human Rights Council 
"Opinions adopted by the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention in 2015 
"Assange: How cryptography is a key weapon in the fight against empire states (2013)
 60 professors, 4 Nobel Prize winners
500intellectuals; org. asking freedom  h…"
WikiLeaks Honduras: US Linked to Brutal Businessman 
FYI  The local is based in Sweden and works with the US embassy who had/has a column thereGood example of a US mass surveillance state apologist posing as a journalist: 
There's no need for journalists to be fooled by paperwork designed to fool them. Alphabet is Google.
Google head Schmidt just joined the Pentagon (he's staying on at Google). Background:  
"Looks like the server can't handle the ""wikileaks effect"" (too many readers following tweet). Wait a little."Edogan continues to use the wests treatment of Assange to justify prosecuting the Turkish press  Assange on, What the cables tell us Down.,,,to - latest mag helps make sense of it all. "Google/Alphabet/Android boss Eric Schmidt just joined the Pentagon  (no, he's not resigning from Google et al)"
Murdoch isn't heading up any Pentagon boards that we're aware of.
"Press falls for Google's ""Alphabet"" trick. Alphabet is Google, yet here we see the ""former"" CEO joining the Pentagon 
Eating or being eaten? Schmidt now on Pentagon board. Hillary's people in Google and Google running her campaign 
"Google head Eric Schmidt to head up Pentagon ""innovation"" board  More: 
It appears a movement is starting to boycott any company that does business with Sweden 
Which Swedish state agencies did you work at?
60professors, 4  Nobel Prize winners, among 500 intellectuals; orgs. demanding freedom
Norway's Prof. Johan Galtung on Assange UN verdict 
RSF UN submission on Assange and other detained journalists   
"Full of serious errors. Author is a full time internet troll and stalker who also goes by the name ""Bob-Wright""."
Do you have any idea who you are citing?,,,We're among the 500 condemning Sweden and UK for refusing to accept the UN ruling on WikiLeaks editor Julian Assange ht…
We're sure Prof. Feldman understands the potential seriousness of such an error and will quickly correct.,,,Reporters Without Borders among 500 to condemn Sweden + UK for undermining UN ruling on 
Please let us know when the error is corrected. 
Serious problem with your Bloomberg article on Assange. 4 times it says he is 'charged'. He is not 
"Oxford QC Liora Lazarus on UN Assange arbitary detention finding
More: Renowned academics demand respect for UN ruling on Assange  
"Reporters Without Borders among 500 to 'Condemn'
Sweden for undermining UNWGAD ruling on Assange  
59human rights organizations call on Sweden to stop illegally detaining Assange 
"Sweden risks becoming ""rogue nation"" by ignoring UN on Assange  
Sweden continues to isolate children without charge for months warns COE 
Newsweek: Sweden risks becoming 'rogue nation' by ignoring UN ruling on  "UK risks becoming ""rogue nation"" by ignoring UN ruling on Assange 
UK and Sweden risk becoming ""rogue nations"" by ignoring UN ruling on Assange  
"While U.S. admits “pending future prosecution” of Julian Assange, Sweden refuses to abide by U.N. ruling  
Sweden continues to defy COE, UN on torture    and 
has kicked off, read our take on what is at stake for freedom of expression 
Sweden continues to defy COE, UN on torture  and  but Swedish funded NGO's silent
Sweden continues to defy COE, UN on torture   and   
Sweden continues to defy COE, UNHRC on torture  and  
Sweden continues to defy COE, UNHRC on torture  and 
says, States that don't uphold freedom of expression are less dynamic, will fall behind, and are open to future misuse…"
Swedish Doctors for Human Rights issues new article on Assange detention 
Please make sure you are uptodate before slandering people. 
500academics, legal experts slam UK and Sweden over treatment  How do you solve a problem like Assange?  
New Hillary email shows that NYTimes informers 'ratted out' WikiLeaks' pending Cablegate publication by four months 
.and join 500 organisations and personalities to demand immediate release of Julian 
500high profile signatories ask Sweden, UK to respect UN, release Julian  
Follow the live webcast of the 31st session of the Human Rights Council  
The UN, all these law professors could be wrong or you could not be up to date. Which is likely? 
Assange has not been charged and the woman says police made it up, UN agrees after 16 month examination 
Has joined the list of signatories calling for the release of our editor. Thanks Glenn! 
The woman said the police made the case up and the prosecutor refuses to take a statement for 5 years  Assange supporters condemn UK and Sweden in open letter 
Over 500 high-profile signatories ask Sweden, UK to respect UN and release Julian Assange  
Our favourite is the (sic) on a cover sheet draft that had nothing directly to do with the statement.,,,Urging Sweden and the UK to free Julian Assange  via 500 signatories including Nobel Prize winners ask Sweden, UK to respect UN and release Julian Assange   New paper looks at the power of internet war footage starting with Collateral Murder 
Video: Hillary gets an emotional rush out of killing the president of Libya, feels a sudden need to quote Caeser 
"Future president: Hillary gets an emotional rush out of killing Gaddafi quotes Julius Ceaser's ""Veni, vidi, vici"".
New Hillary email shows that NYTimes 'ratted' on Cablegate in July 2010 -- four months prior to our publication. 
Hillary Clinton is a bigger threat to world peace than the Pentagon    
"Hillary Clinton's 'friend' Henry Kissinger ""The illegal we do immediately...""  
"Meet the UK's Justice Minister, who pledges to scrap the Human Rights Act and loves the death penalty 
"59Rights Organizations Called Upon UN to Remedy Human Rights Violations of Wikileaks Publisher Julian Assange 
The 31st session of the UN Council is underway this week! Follow along with This morning: Ban Ki-moon speaks at the Human Rights Council. Watch live  Starts today in Human Rights Council  31st session  Here in Geneva at to give briefings on what follows from UNWGAD case, next steps 
"Denmark to compete for seat with Austria, Italy and Greece 
Britain sets 'dangerous precedent' by defying UN over Assange warns former UN Chair  More: 
He's detained by threat, just like in a house arrest, see 
Why Assange hasn't been charged? Here is what even Sweden says  
US female rights activists in Washington DC ask Sweden to respect UN decision on Assange  
UN High Commissioner on Human Rights speaking on the ongoing unlawful detention  
"UNHRC starts today - its 10th year. Here are 2,261 US diplomatic cables and restricted documents on the UNHRC 
"UNHRC meeting marks the 10th anniversiary of the UNHRC, the 50th of the ICCPR and the 25th of the UNWGAD 10 years : Swiss FM Didier Burkhalter calls for broader commitment to human rights 
The hypocrisy from UK PM over is jaw dropping  
NEW:
Olof Palme, Julian Assange, and Sweden's Conquest by the Right
"Swedish press today: ""The criticism of Sweden's role in the Assange case is justified""
More:  More: 
Because of a deal with the UK -- which we exposed I think, Julian Assange ought to be recognized as the heroes they are. We owe them a great debt of gratitude.
Until Scotland appoints its own prime minister he does on all international obligations.
Pretty much the British Cabinet then?
No woman has made such a claim, the woman herself says the police made it up 
US female rights activists in Washington DC ask Sweden to respect UN decision on Assange  
"Our followers have 2,272,858,326 followers in total - close to the whole of the twitterverse 
"With Turkey, Sweden, UK, and more all pushing for the end of human rights as we know it, this week's UNHRC meeting in Geneva is well timed.",,,“I Neither Obey Nor Respect Constitutional Court's Ruling”  
"Maldives accuses the UK of hypocracy over Assange 
Assange: What's really at stake with - the future definition of the state  
"Assange: ""A Call to (Cryptographic) Arms""  
1002US diplomatic cables on PM Olof Palme who was assassinated 30 years ago today -- case still unsolved  Julian Assange as not been charged at anytime with sexual assult. Please correct. 
Julian Assange equates the battle for encryption to the right to bear arms 
"Julian Assange has not been charged, has already been cleared and the woman says the police made it up.",,,I resigned from the DNC, endorsed to be our next President and Commander-in-Chief.  Here's why: 
Please be clear enough to sue. Assange is not charged has already been cleared and the woman said the police made it up
"Turkey say it is right to crackdown on journalists because west set the example with; 
We fully agree.,,,Check out email in new HRC email dump abt, WaPo, State Dept cables  
30years since the assassination of Olof Palme: 1422 classified US cables and more on the Swedish PM  30 years since the assassination of Olaf Palme: 1422 classified US cables and more on the Swedish PM  Did you know that the US is trying to prosecute Julian Assange for 'terrorism' using the PATRIOT Act, CFAA(1)(a)? 
Today marks 30 years since the still unsolved murder of Swedish PM Olof Palme 
"As predicted, the Maldives are using Cameron's attack on to back its behavior in the case 
At the Swedish Embassy in Washington, DC yesterday, telling them to Free Julian Assange! 
Confirmation US ambassador to Rome was summoned yesterday over our NSA spying publication of the same day 
Italy opens criminal investigation into NSA spying on Berlusconi et al  More: 
"By attempting to improperly influence independent UN jurists deciding human rights cases, for example? 
Error in the final para. The UNWGAD jurists are all lawyers or law professors. UK lies. 
"Newly Translated WikiLeaks Saudi Cable: Overthrow Syria, but Play Nice with Russia  
"Newly Translated WikiLeaks Saudi Cable: Overthrow the Syria, but Play Nice with Russia  
Full text of the winning Assange opening filing to the UNWGAD 
"New paper: The UNWGAD's Opinion in the case concerning Julian Some remarks on 'Elephants in the Room'
"New paper from Oxford: UNWGAD finding in the Assange case: flawed or flawless? 
pdf: 
"""UK politicians aimed at weakening the authority of the UN body for short-term opportunistic gain.""  Correct. See  also the campaign is to prevent extradition to US. Sweden case started after.
UN Chair on Assange: Britain 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN   More: 
UK PM, FM note ""legally binding"" decision by UN on just weeks after dismissing UN decision re PM: I welcome the registration of our legally binding EU agreement today. Shows its strength and importance. 
21year old allegedly asked two teenboys for dickpics. Gets 7 years in US prison + 13 years parole. Britain's deal has been registered at the UN. Clear that the deal is legally binding, irreversible in international la
We can read Swedish. Is libel still a criminal offence in Sweden?
Whither the UK? Its PM vows to scrap its Human Rights Act and it has spent more detaining Assange than its global human rights budget.
Wikileaks, per la Boschi spionaggio inaccettabile. E Brunetta la ringrazia: Il governo ha rispo... 
Generation 'me' writer types use iphones and macs. In the concern battle between 'my iPhone' and 'the world'....
UN Independent Expert says that UN Sec General might intervene over detention  Yes. Here's the counter  , full budget is likely 2x as only police costs included not FCO GCHQ CPS MI6+5
"UK PM; FM's attempt to undermine UN human rights system over Assange ""will cost life and human suffering"" 
UK govt has spent more spying on Assange in London than its 'human rights' budget for every country in the world 
UN Chair on case: Sweden 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN   UN Chair on Assange case: Sweden 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN   
UN Chair on Assange case: Sweden 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN    UN Chair on Assange case: Sweden 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN
Britain 'sets dangerous precedent' by defying UN report on Assange | The Guardian Un article de Julian Assange datant de 2013 et qu'il ne fait pas de mal relire aujourd'hui 
Facebook's Zuckerberg inadvertantly reveals the dystopian future of mankind. See also  
Zuckerberg inadvertantly reveals the dystopian future of mankind. See also  
That is misleading. DDB was briefly a spokesperson for Germany only where WikiLeaks held no registration and had no director.
DDB was never the spokesperson for WikiLeaks 
"NSA intercepts of Sec-Gen, Merkel, Netanyahu, Sarkozy; Berlusconi;  
US issues statement on US political spying operations against world leaders  more: 
Madrid and Barcelona Demand Liberation  "UK downgrading of human rights sets dangerous precedent, says Amnesty 
UN Expert says that UN Sec General might intervene in illegal Assange detention  US State Dept issues statement over publication today on US political spying operations  
Italy summons U.S. ambassador over WikiLeaks publication earlier today of NSA intercept of Netanyahu-Berlusconi 
UK ambass to UN issues statement to salve UK relationship with UN after slander from Cameron, Hammond on UNWGAD Madrid and Barcelona call on Sweden+UK to accept UN verdict on  Hillary Clinton's most secret memo: Steal everything, from DNA to frequent flyer numbers  see NSA spied on Berlusconi-Netanyahu conversation as they discussed how to improve Israel's relationship with the U.S. 
RELEASE: NSA intercept of complaining about Obama to Berlusconi  
"Italy has summoned US ambassador John Phillips in response to our release today 
More: 
What's JNU?
"New NSA docs show US tapped UN refugee agency Chief of Staff phone ""COS""  Julian Assange has dire warnings about a potential Hillary Clinton presidency 
UK ambass to UN statement on Assange trying to mitigate the damage his government did to UN with lies about UNWGAD 
NSA spied on Israel's attempts to repair relations with U.S.  More: 
"In the table above, UNHCR COS = UNHCR Chief of Staff RELEASE: New NSA docs show US tapped UN refugee agency directors phones  
"RELEASE: NSA intercepts of UN Sec Gen Ban KiMoon, Merkel, Netanyahu, Sarkozy; Berlusconi  
RELEASE: NSA explicitly targetted Swiss phone of director Johann Human  WikiLeaks: NSA Spied on Israel's Attempts to Repair Relations With U.S.
RELEASE: New NSA docs show the US explicitly targetted phones of the UN refugee agency heads 
"We publish the highest classifications ever, the full docs with no redactions, the actual interccepts; selectors; authorities and more."
Top Secret, zero redactions release by  Time to donate:  
RELEASE: NSA intercept of Netanyahu talking to Belusconi about Israel's bust up with Obama  
RELEASE: TOP SECRET NSA recording of private meeting between UN's Ban KiMoon and Germany's Angela Merkel  "RELEASE: NSA intercepts+buggings of Ban KiMoon, Merkel, Netanyahu, Sarkozy; Burlusconi   
ANNOUNCE: New release in minutesEXCLUSIVE: .top secret files reveal the spied on and his closest collaborators (English)
ANNOUNCE: New release in minutes Interview with lawyer Per Samuelsson on new legal case filed today to drop detention warrant Keep the publications coming!!  
ANNOUNCE: New release in under two hours "Film maker John Pilger on indefinite detention 
More: 
The media are misleading the public on  More: 
We don't have a problem with people arguing for or against intervention. We're drawing attention to the sneakiness.
Amnesty issues statement on Libya (but sneakily angled to whip up support for the pending US-UK-Italy intervention) 
Amnesty issues statement on Libya (but sneakily angled to whip up support for the pending US-UK-Italty intervention) rivela report segreto ammiraglio Credendino sui primi 6mesi missione contro migranti   
"Classified report worry over possible ""fratricide"" between anti-ISIS op and anti-refugee op  
EU people smugglers recruiting via social media - classified EU military task force report  
UN finds Australia breached David Hicks' rights  More: 
"Tory attack on ruling backfires to hurt US, Canadian businessmen held in UAE  
US, NATO both say they couldn't find a single person harmed. You're spreading a proven falsehood.
"RELEASE: Classified report (Jan 28, 2016) on EU military interdiction of refugee boat flows  
'James Bond' defects to WikiLeaks: Daniel Craig to play 'Julian in new series  also 
UKIP says EU is to blame for Assange detention  More: Operation SOPHIA: The global context  
"The UNWGAD is an adverserial process. Sweden, UK; US lost. Read the decision here. 
RELEASE: Operation Sophia - classified report on EU military ops against flows  
UK United Nations Association: Comments by Cameron on risks undermining UN Special Procedures 
Your strange trolling of UN reps makes Sweden look even worse. Just read 
Stay tuned for a significant classified report on EU refugee flows. 
We're appalled that has dismissed as ""ridiculous"" a decision by a mechanism on 
"Sunday, 21 Feb: premieres ""Generation X: Truth Be Told"" with Julian 
"UK attack on ruling backfires to hurt American, Canadian businessmen held in UAE  
"Telegraph: Daniel Craig to play 'Julian in 20 part series 
Also: How to be Anonymous: 
Are the bullets also engraved?
UNESCO offshoot creates Julian Chair in International Studies  cites ""donating to as one of the nefarious uses of   
"Full text of winning Assange UN submission by Judge  Garzon; John Jones QC  
RaveRevu:
.w/ 3 clients speaking truth on 
ht…"
US admits the pending prosecution  
"Assange's winning submission by Gazon; Jones QC  
"Assange's winning submission by Gazon; Jones QC  
"You could read that. Or you could read Assange's winning submission by Gazon; Jones QC  
Please direct attendees to  and our opening slavo: 
"UN issues new statement calling for Sweden to ""accept and implement without delay"" finding  UN issues strong new statement on urging UK, Sweden to implement ruling  "Kissinger: Indians are ""such bastards"" who ""really need... a mass famine"" (1971)  More: "UN/Law prof on case: ""Highly irregular, nothing like due process, it was to achieve illegitimate aims"" 
Online full version of full UN decision on  
"Would you like to bet your legal credibility on that? If so, let us know. If not, read 
ECHR sees UNWGAD as a peer and won't take cases when UNWGAD has them. Want to know more? 
"UK Sup was split, then Phillips left, and it reversed its point. Parliament also threw out the law. 
There is no finding that Julian Assange has breached bail. Asylum is a legal process. 
"The fake WikiLeaks support group ""which passes information to the FBI, has as deleted itself, following legal action.",,,Disappointing: Journo allowed an official to direct how he'd write a story.  
"Sweden says it is trying to think of questions to be submitted to Assange in weeks, maybe  
Ecuador says UK PM David Cameron's attack on UN over Assange is 'disrespectful'  More: 
"UK armchair generals attack the ""the despotism of human rights"" over Assange UN win  
"UK armchair generals attack the ""the despotism of human rights"" over Assange UN win   
Why are you spreading this libel? It's garbage. WL has published, 150k documents on Russia, JA has never been employed by RT.
Correct. Even Sweden acknowledges this. See    JUST IN: A victory in my HRC emails FOIA case. Judge orders 4 interim releases between now and 29th.  
"If anyone else has the list, we'd be very happy to publish it. See 
For legal reasons cannot name all, but several top NOTW/NI journos registered police informants "The person in your frame is the former head of ONA, Australia's peak intelligence agency."
Inside the Guardian's 'war' on Julian Assange  More: 
"Churchill's grandson attacks Assange. Turns out, he's the chairman of Aegis, formerly Sandline, a mercenary outfit 
Statement by Swedish Doctors for Human Rights on Assange-UN gives a facinating look into US-Sweden power dynamics 
if you think you'll ever need diplomatic or consular help from the australian government, make sure you don't piss off a…"
EXCLUSIVE:
CAGE Leaks Comprehensive PREVENT Counter-Terrorism Training Material 
Writing about Assange, UN vs UK? A handy guide to the facts in a fast paced media war  , 
Writing about Assangs, UN vs UK? A handy guide to the facts in a fast paced media war , 
"response on PM David Cameron
Read: 
"""Hillary is a war hawk who gets an unseemly emotional rush out of killing people"" 
"Hillary Clinton shouldn't be let near a gun shop, let alone an army   Because the ECHR recognises the UNWGAD as a peer and won't take a case while the UNWGAD has it.
"Churchill's grandson is the Chairman of a mercenry company, Aegis Defense Service  we exposed USA and others don't like any scrutiny via wikileaks and they are leaning on everybody to pillory Assange. What happened …
Response to UK PM David Cameron attack on Assange. Assange is not 'wanted for trial' - he hasn't even been charged 
"AFP: UN High Commissioner: Britain, Sweden should accept ruling on Julian  More: 
Assange has NOT been charged and the woman said the police made it up. You must retract immediately 
Churchill grandson/former UK defense minister in bizarre Assange rant  
3false claims from the UK, Swedish governments about the UN ruling  
Hillary didn't just vote for Iraq. She made her own Iraq.  
'Hoogle': The strange relationship between Hillary, Google   
"Assange: A vote today for Hillary is a vote for endless, stupid war 
Read: 
The UN has found that Julian is being unlawfully detained by Sweden and UK   "Assange: A vote today for Hillary Clinton is a vote for endless, stupid war
Read: 
"Oxford Prof who was UNWGAD Chair on Assange case ""The sophistication of the campaign against is very high"" 
"""Pressioni politiche sulle Nazioni Unite per la decisione su Julian 
Geoffrey Robertson QC, Joseph Kotrie-Monson on Julian UN Ruling Assange extradition media myths (2013)  More: 
Please be clear for the record. Who are you referring to? 
You are not in parliament. We ask that you issue a correction today. 
"Mr. Assange has not been charged, the woman says the police made it up and his asylum is in relation to the United States."
Oxford law prof releases article backing UN on UN-Assange decision   UK undermining of UN in Assange ruling backfires to undermine UK-backed UN Sri-Lanka war crimes commision visit 
UK attack on UN over taken up immediately in push to scupper war crimes commision into massacres 
"Laura Poitras' new documentary series on Julian ""Asylum"" coming soon  
Human Rights Watch issues statement on UN win denouncing Sweden, UK  victory in UN has big implications for refugees and whistleblowers Victory in Case. Decision has big implications for refugees and whistleblowers  Amal Clooney statement on UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detentiion  More: 
Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire issues press release on illegal Assange detention  The war against Julian Assange must end  VIDEO: ICC lawyer Melinda Taylor dispels media myths about the decision 
"US, UK tried to exert improper influence over UN panel ruling on detention says law prof who was Chair  
Strong support in for decision here at Haus der Kulturen der Welt  New w/voicing me (b/c I'm not allowed to be recorded). is going to sing ""God Save America"" in a few minutes at the superbowl 
aljazeera special. Will Julian walk free? With human rights campaigner and  
See 
"""A Significant Victory"": Julian Assange Hails U.N. Panel Calling for His Freedom; interview with UNWGAD Chair Disregard for UN ruling on Assange's detention a blow to human rights/What does Dept Sect General Jan Eliasson say? Julian Assange's Lawyer on the Verdict [video] |  Beaming over from to Embassy. Berlin supports Al Jazeera TV on case. See, talking to VIEW htt…
"5Key Reasons the UN Believes Assange Detention is Illegal 
ICC lawyer: Sweden and Britain ignore the UN's landmark opinion on the detention of Julian Assange at their peril 
Lawyer for says Assange UN judgement will impact globally how courts deal with publishers, whistleblowers 
"Margrain: Assange's stitch-up is a lesson for us all  
More: 
"Prof on why UN decision reveals Sweden's disdain for law  
More: 
UK Minister of State mocks UN ban on arbitrary detention by strangling his dog (in response to win at UN) 
JR is the husband of neocon Melanie Philips, the two have have been hunting Assange for years. 
"UNWGAD decision backed by UN, UNASUR, HRW, ACLU, RSF; attacked by UK journalists and a UK minister of state strangling his dog."
Assange: How 'The Guardian' Betrayed Edward Snowden And Lost Glenn Greenwald 
UK Minister of State (deputy foreign min.) mocks UN ban on arbitrary detention free Julian Assange  
Assange embassy 'heckler' said he paid 50 pounds in cash to disrupt UN win announcement 
Check your facts: The woman herself says the police made it up and 'railroaded' her 
False neutrality. He's already been cleared and the woman herself says the police made it up 
JR has a well known agenda. He's the husband of Spectator neo-con Melanie Phillips who has been slandering Assange for years.
The ""UN"" is just like ""human rights"": something Western Govts exploit when it suits them, and ignore when it doesn't 
UK Foreign Minister Phillip Hammond falsely stated the UNWGAD are not lawyers when they're all lawyers, law profs "Full text of first Assange case UN submission (pdf) 
More: 
|Julian Assange, fundador de nos cuenta los secretos de | 
"Assage did not 'skip bail' and nor is there any finding that he did. He applied for asylum, which is his right."
"Fasle. There was no warrant for Mr. Assange when he applied for asylum and this is a staff account, not Assange."
Both the Swedish and UK courts state explicity that he did not flee. You are on thin ice. "Having been notified before you are again engaging in ""actual malice"". Address for service? 
Take it up with the UN 
The woman herself says the police made it up and placed her under duress. 
False. The UK and Sweden renewed its jurisdiction in 2011 in an explicit vote. The ICCPR is binding. 
The statement is libel. The woman herself says that the police made it up and placed her under duress UK, Sweden ordinarily respect UN rights mechanisms--but not now as applied to them: Assange  
The so-called heckler later admitted that he had been paid 50 pounds in cash to disrupt the event. 
"Julian Assange has not been charged. See  ""Fact Checker"""
"Julian Assange has not been charged see  ""Fact Checker""."
"Human Rights Watch issues statement saying that Sweden's ""deplorable"" reaction has ""damaged its reputation""  General Secretary of issues strongly worded statement on case 
Conservative London Mayoral candidate Zac Goldsmith MP on case  
Former UK ambassador Craig Murray has a series of interesting articles on the UK reaction to the UN win WikiLeaks accuses French nuclear giant of 'exploiting' CAR workers 
Thought experiment: What would UK and Sweden be saying if Assange had lost his case against them at UN? UK+Sweden received UNWGAD judgement two weeks ago. Assange only yesterday. Two weeks to prep a media war on UN. See 
We expect an immedite retraction to the libel that Assange has been charged you sent to 30k people 
Assange has not been charged and the woman says police made it up and placed her under duress The Opinion of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention on Julian is here:   
The woman herself has said that police 'made it up' and placed her under duress 
Press release: Julian arbitrary detention is the ""result of legal action against him by both Governments"" htt…",,,The Opinion of the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention on Julian is here:  
Oxford prof who was chair of UN tribunal on case: We were put under 'strong political pressure' by US, UK What happens to your body when you've been indoors for three years  
Secretario General de exhorta para llegar a un acuerdo para liberar a 
Ex Justice just admitted on TV:
No guarantees can't be extradited to 
h…"
Julian Assange's former teacher wants to tell him, ""I appreciate what you did"" 
He wasn't. Please check before pushing slander PRESS RELEASE REGARDING WIKILEAKS PUBLISHER JULIAN ASSANGE - has been arbitrarily detained since 7 December 2010, 5 years and 2 months  
The 'heckler' from Friday's talk outside the embassy states that he was paid 50 GBP in cash to sabotage the talk.The Liberal Hounding of Julian From Alex Gibney to The Guardian  "UN issues press advisory over case ""The Opinions of the WGAD are legally-binding""  
UK Foreign Minister Philip Hammond's astonishing lie about Assange case UN jurists  See  and 
Human Rights Watch savages UK, Sweden over comments on UN victory  More: 
"He has already been c;leared, has not been charged and the woman says the police made it up and 'railroaded' her."
"General Council of calls UK, Sweden reaction to opinion ""deplorable"" 
Did US, UK attempts to compromise UN WGAD jurists end up proving the validity of Assange's case?  Did attempted US, UK attempts to compromise UN WGAD jurists prove the validity of Assange's case?  Chair of UN body on case: We were put under 'strong political pressure' by US, UK to subvert judgement 
Jonothan Cook: Lies about UN body imperil not just  "Jonothan Cook: Despite the UN ruling Assange is arbitrarily detained, the UK media will not give him a fair hearing  UN deems the deprivation of liberty of Julian unlawful—full doc:   
Audio for today's balcony address re: UN victory  ANNOUNCE: Julian will address the crowd+press outside the embassy at 4.01 pm GMT (in 15 minutes)  .Audio will be tweeted. "Today's press conference on verdict, see here:   
More: This writes a pass for every dictatorship to reject UN rulings. Dangerous precedent for UK/Sweden to set. 
Too late. The UK chose not to appeal. It accepted the UN judgement. Your comments have no meaning.,,,Media...please spare us from uninformed 'expert' commentary on the case! : Analysis: Julian is free to walk. But how far?   Assange press conference on UN victory starts in one hour  More:  The lone dissenting opinion in the UN Assange judgement is a prosecutor from Ukraine.,,,Watch: Live press briefing on the details of arbitrary detention case  Now: Geneva press briefing:  on Zika virus, refugees, is live
Watch  
Full text of UN judgement in Julian Assange's case (No. 54/2015)  (.docx) More: 
UN press release and contacts for Assange verdict 
Julian Assange detention - by the numbers 
"UN announces that Julian Assange is unlawfully detained 
More:  A short video to answer your questions on how the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions works 
RELEASE: Corruption in Central African mining: a list of international companies responsible  
RELEASE: How the main Chinese state-owned defence company tried to enter into Central Africa  
RELEASE: Inside the and scandal  
"RELEASE: How a UN registered body, the World Sports Alliance, became a front for corruption  
RELEASE: The New Dirty War for Africa's uranium and mineral rights  
At the management layer it is a sheltered workshop for Blairites down on their luck 
"""I was railroaded by police"" - Woman at centre of Assange 'case ' 
59human rights organizations demanded UN act over detention  
59human rights organizations demanded UN act over  detention  
Freeing Julian John Pilger On The Final Chapter  More: 
"UN says it will announce its verdict in vs UK; Sweden at 8am GMT. Assange press conference in reply at noon GMT, Frontline Club."
UN releases statement saying that decision is 'legally binding'  More: 
"ANNOUNCE: A new release at 7.30am GMT concerning the dirty war for resources in Africa, corruption and uranium.",,,UK Under Pressure Over Assange 'Detention' 
President Correa complains about UK espionage operations against Assange embassy Australian FM Bishop met with Assange lawyers Geoffrey Robinson and Jennifer Robinson in London today over UNWGAD verdict.
Difficult to admire anyone who signed off on a kindergarten spite fest. Still smarting? 
US pending prosecution is the problem and UK says it will arrest regardless of Sweden.
Former chair of UNWGAD and Oxford law prof Mads Adenaes ( discusses Assange-UN verdict 
59International Organizations Call Upon UN to Remedy Human Rights Violations inDetention of  Julian 
"ACLU issues statement on UN verdict 
More:  
OK. The Guardian is still the same vile Blairite hack-rag too close to Mi6 that it was under Rusbridger. We get it already.
Former UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention chair Mads Andenas on panel ruling was expected, justified,;…"Tweet at the Guardian journalist concerned.
"BREAKING: Sweden: has won UN fight
More:   Update on detention case: We will issue our press release on the opinion tomorrow at 9am CET.
"Background to Julian Assange's five and a half year illegal detention wtihout charge 
More: 
Media note: has not been charged and the woman herself says the police made it up and 'railroaded' her 
"Sweden statement on UN news ""The prosecutor responsible for the case is on a journey and has not yet been able to take a position"""
BREAKING: UN releases statement saying that decision is 'legally binding'  More: detention case: Clarifications on whether the opinion to be issued tomorrow is legally binding 
the EAW is not a treaty. It is an ad-hoc standard. UK, Sweden however have binding UN treaty obligations under the ICCPR et al.Current UK spin is suggest it has treaty obligations to arrest Assange. This is false for Sweden. There is no UK-Sweden extradition treaty.
""We've got to free him...this is absurd"" says Julian Assange's friend Vaughan Smith to Sky's 
Full text of UN Arbitrary Detention case opening submission   "Amal Clooney describes what is the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention ""WGAD"" 
UK and Sweden accepted the jurisdiction of the UN WGAD and were parties in the case for its duration of 16 months. 
We will release the opinion of UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions on Feb 5, 11am CET. We cannot confirm …"
"Assange has not been charged, has already been cleared and the woman herself says the police made it up. 
"UN saying they will not confirm BBC report until Friday, 11am Geneva time  
More: 
"Assange case FAQ: 
Media fact-checker: 
UN WGAD case:  Under the UNWGAD hearing rules state parties get the judgement 14 days before the applicant and the public.
"Note what happened today. UN+Assange press confs tomorrow. UK already has verdict but not JA, public. So UK used BBC to 'scoop' UN, JA."
Assange UN case. + legal team will give a press conference at  noon tomorrow in response to UN verdict.
"Assange UN case. The foreign ministers of UK, Sweden and Australia are in London today. More: 
Handy fact checker for case  BBC is reporting claim that UN has found for Assange We are waiting official confirmation  
Amal Clooney explains who are the UN experts deciding Case  More:  VIDEO: Amal Clooney explains who are the UN experts deciding Case   More: 
Assange: I will accept arrest by British police on Friday if UN rules against me. More info:  
Assange: I will accept arrest by British police on Friday if UN rules against me. More info:  
On talking at NH townhall about ""security breeches"" due to Wikileaks is just beyond galling"
Full text of UN complaint for UNWGAD case against UK, Sweden (verdict to be anounced on Friday)  Sweden's prosecution authority has now deleted 36 press releases + more dedicated to criticising 
VIDEO: Amal Clooney explains how works, its latest decision (President Nasheed)  decision on Friday
"""is still going strong in 2016 even though the government tried hard to kill it."" A simple explanation of arbitrary detention. Remember: 5 years, no charges. 3 years, no sunlight. 
"In Germany, by law they must be. In Belium, double the size, recognising that it takes more words to undo a lie than to make it",,,Huge congratulations to Barrett Brown for winning an award for his column! Support him: 
Update: UN could order Julian to be released on Friday   
Assange has already been cleared and the woman says the police made it up. 
UN could rule to release founder Julian on Friday,  More: 
Why the difference?
Hillary Wins over Sanders by 'winning' six coin tosses in a row. Odds this can happen randomly is 1 in 64 
Hillary Wins over Sanders by 'winning' six coin tosses in a row. Odds this can happen randomly is 1 in 64 
BREAKING: UN set to announce decision on release on Friday, more  Outcome of a UN investigation into the case of Julian Assange set to be revealed on Friday and cd rule he is being detaine…
""If the [UN] finds in Julian Assange's favour .... the UK and Sweden must immediately release and compensate him."" ALERT: big brother vote next week in EU Parliament  See: 
Is WikiLeaks in-bed with Russia? 
Bill's biggest bang: How gave mega kronas to the and kept trading with Iran "New shows Hillary Clinton wanting to discuss ""ObamaLeaks""  Even the tweet you mention above has now bee censored.  Sweden is a very strange place.
"Geoffroy de Lagasnerie Kunst der Revolte. Snowden, Assange, Manning 
Bill's biggest bang: How gave mega kronas to the and kept trading with Iran 
The Swedish Conection: How gave big kronas to the and kept trading with Iran  No one has been arrested for 'posting to WikiLeaks'. 3 have been arrested for bragging to informants in violation of our rules.
"National Geographic interview airs Sunday, February 21 
Top official who negotiated resigns over bribery allegations 
talks to about her first solo museum exhibition, opening at the on Feb 5: 
UK put special ""anti-clause in new EAW law to stop it protecting him ( only him)  
Leak: 325k police freemasons and archives from the Fraternal Order of Police  
""Information distribution valves (torrents, Wikileaks, etc.) are directly under fire the way obscenity once was."" 
""Thanks to WikiLeaks ... a rather sizeable repository of sample reports exist free of charge."" Fascinating. 
follow us for DM
"We've noticed, you lying puf bag  
Good article on Swedish conformism in WSJ but it only scrapes the surface:  
See 
What's amazing about it?
False dichotomy. An informed public and free media is national security. Its absense is a national security disaster
Google has cleverly planted dozens of their people in White House, Downing St, other governments.
Most brilliant new lob…"
Tech tax breaks facilitated by politicians easily awed by Valley ambassadors like Google chairman Schmidt eg, posh boys …"
"Will you repeal immunity for arms makers, such as Locheed, whose arms sales have led to extreme chaos in the middle east?"
Hmm?
NYTimes reporter publishes hagiographic Larry Page (Google) interview lure  See: 
Oscar-Winning Documentarian Laura Poitras To Release 13 Episode Series 'Asylum' 
link?
".on Google, as per our book  
US Court Fight Over Seal on Leaked Tapes   
NEW: case fact-checker  
It takes work to prevent things getting worse. No change does not equal no effect.
"US has nukes in Germany, Belgium, Turkey, Italy, Netherlands. So Russian paranoia; imagine Russian nukes though Central America"
"WikiLeaks has 143 lawyers in its legal pool and has never lost a court case, globally."
"Julian Assange has not been charged and the woman says the police made it up. See ""actual malice"" 
Google maps censors US nuclear missile base in the   
False. There is now the consequence of proven malice should you slander again.  
His choice was moved by the US own goal of cancelling his passport and blocking airspace to Latin American jets
His argument to us was that he didn't want to make it easier for smears from mass surveillance apologists.
False. He was advised he was safer from rendition in Russia than in Latin America. He chose the latter anyway.
Strong stuff from Yahoo. IPBill powers ""broadly and unilaterally asserts UK jurisdiction overseas."" 
"Yes, see "Missed Ai Weiwei at the RA? Now you can visit the exhibit online in 360 degree virtual reality
"Obama's war on journalism continues: DoJ tries to disbar lawyer for revealing mass surveillance to New York Times
The fake 'WikiLeaks Forum' is run by an FBI informant.
"This complexity results in highly conformist self-censoring societies bogusly at the top of RSF, Freedom House lists."
Visible conflict between publishers and the state is the sign of a healthy society. Its absense is a serious concern.
"Counter-iuitively, such court cases are a measure of press freedom / independence at the societal level."
"RSF measures post-publication court cases, punishments. Small conformist societies censor pre-publication."
"It's a small, liguistically isolated provicial society. Like Okinawa or North Korea. 
"Have you considered where these 'feelings' come from? States, like companies, engage in false marketing 
Why do you say 'of all places'?
"He has not been charged, has already bee cleared and the woman herself says the police 'made it up' 
"He has not been charged, has already been cleared and the woman herself says the police made it up. 
Docs confirm and used for US failed Edward rendition flight mission  Docs confirm Edward capture mission used for rendition flight  More: 
Swedish media on the 5.5 year detention without charge of our editor Julian  Norway PM 'hated Sweden' for Nazi help 
Swedish Media Turns Tourette's, Calls Assange Every Name in the Book  
"Motion filed to block US State Dept from witholding Hillary Clinton emails until after Iowa, New Hampshire vote 
Mystery swirls around American spy who went missing in Iran 
You need to write more about what's going to be in the book and have a larger sprectum of prices. Look at other books.
Two years ago  Hilliary Clinton's email classification problems derive from a precedent set by Obama and Hillary herself Bernie Sanders is the only candidate in either party with a net-positive favorability rating: 
Assange-Snowden-Manning Irish whistleblower commedy opens at Australia's WA Fringe fesitval 
Clinton foundation gambling money connected to Swedish internet censorship proposal Why Sweden Wants Julian Assange Arrested: After prosecutors dropped their case against him… 
NEW
Your statemet is false. There is no such finding. Nor can there be, non-refoulment is a jus cogens right.It's easy for small geographically, linguistically isolated countries that no-one cares about to engage in false marketing.
converted to Islam shortly before being assassinated according to UK inquiry report released earlier today. We agree but the problem remains.
"Quite right, but someone has to say it and it seems, that in English, it is left to us."
Why indeed. 
Address for service?
Sorry mate. We're not a free mark for slander. Act like a professional and retract your inaccuracy or face the consequences.
Press note: Woman at centre of accusations against says Swedish police 'made it up'  
"Your statement is false and is a libel. Assange has already been cleared, is not charged and the woman says police 'made it up'."
Press note: has already been cleared and the woman says the police 'made it up'  
"Ecuador FM: Sweden's paperwork re questioning had ""some sections crossed out by hand""  "Yes. This isn't a movie. When you dennigrate real people they respond and ask why. So, what's the issue?"
"UK Royal Academy launches online 3D ""virtual reality"" Ai Wei Wei (exhibition 
What's the issue?
Guantanamo parole board clears Yemeni who was victim of mistaken identity  military profile: 
Rotating social media staff.
Swedish prosecutors say no deal yet on Assange interrogation  More: Video: Ecuador: Someone Must Pay for Assange's Ordeal 
Swedish prosecutor has actively avoided questioning Julian Supreme Court judge Stefan Lindskog, April 2013 
35out of the last 39 press releases are about Assange. Every one of them is illegal since 'suspects' are not to be named.Sweden issues press release hinting that now it is re-considering whether it will question Assange after all 
Ecuador rejects Swedish prosecutor's request to question after Sweden sends old form. 
What Swedes?
"on Putin's motive: defected to MI6 from FSB, supported rebels and accused of being a pedophile."
"cables reveal ""thesis"" that Russian secret services control Russian mafia 
Swedish media admit to censoring stories for the last five years on migrant sex crimes  127 WikiLeaks docs on the Alexander assassination 
Leaked tape from ABC shows how media works: attack one party to get 'insurance' against attacks from the other 
Why the US Library of Congress is Blocking WikiLeaks  See now: 
"Scully, Mulder return in WikiLeaks inspired X-Files 
Why does AP not include that (1) Assange has not been charged (2) the woman herself says the police made it up (3) US case
Thrilled with the court ruling! My purpose was to show UK's terrorism
law violates press freedoms. And journalism isn'…",,,Subgraph OS release shares the stage w/ Julian Assange of, Juice Rap News at 
Story telling has aways been good for telling tall tales. It is time to move past stories and into something trustworthy.
"It's the end of journalism as we know it and we feel fine. For every I.F.Stone there has been 10,000 advertorialists."
How Turkey used US attacks on and to justify jailing its top journalists  
We're not aware of any evidence or claim that Can Dunbar was working for a foreign power.
We obviously can't accept a precedent of journalists being jailed under 'expionage' acts for exposing arms smugglig operations
How Turkey used US attacks on and to justify jailing its top journalists 
The Extraordinary Marianne Ny (Part I)
"Why did you think that? He hasn't been charged, has already been cleared and the woman herself says the police made it up.",,,UK Classifies Cost of Covert Activity  Eric Schmidt+Google Ideas head Jared Cohen (who met founder will meet (italian) 
Is Russia losing the brain drain war?  Here is what Sweden is famous for - the illegal detention of our editor for more than 5 years 
what do you think about this  see also: 
"Good for you. When you write an article as good as the FT one, let us know and we'll link to it."
No. We don't -- and we don't care as long as the story we link to is accurate. We don't care about the politics.
Please understand. In the world outside of Sweden people don't have such comformist hysteria. The NYTimes will link to FOX.
"It's not an error. It's policy. We play the ball, not the man. If a story is accurate we'll use it, even if the BBC runs it."
"Sweden has a long history of media mobbing driving judicial insecurity. e.g Quick, Butt and 
"When others can find the courage to write such stories we shall link to them. In the mean time, FT."
No. We mean writing the truth about the Swedish media. Let us remind you of the story: 
"When you have the courage to write the truth, let us know and we'll link to it."
UK classifies embassy siege budget after £12.6m spend exposed  More:   It is true. We verified it.
Please cite a single error in the story.
"And the BBC has a war mongering agenda as doesand the New York Times. We link to stories, not to organizations."
We take it you have no problems with the content of the article then.
Censorship bashing.
"illegally revealed Assange's name, admited to doing so and then illegally used it in 34 press releases. Classy."
Let us know when you write about how Sweden has arrested our editor without charge for five years.
Swedish media admits to censoring stories for the last five years on migrant crime  Swedish police decide not to investigate Swedish police over mass sexual assult by migrants  They are 'radical truthtellers' in relation to media criticism. We don't see any other outfits breaking that taboo.
CIA officer De Sousa has been arrested in Portugal over the kidnapping of Abu Omar from Italy. 428 docs on the case: 
It would look partisan. It's better that others do it.
Swedish police decide not to investigate Swedish police for covering up mass sexual assults and rape at festival 
"'Swedish Fritzl' accused of drugging and raping woman in custom dungeon. State keeps name secret.
"Swedish media has appalling standards accross the board, with the possible exception of Radio Sweden."
CIA Officer De Sousa has been arrested in Portugal over the kidnapping of Abu Omar from Italy. 428 docs on the case: 
"We link to stories, not organizations. Please specify which fact is wrong in the story. We can't see one."
You're talking to an FBi informant.
The quality and courage of Swedish 'journalism' has a long history  "Someone is systematically going through Wikipedia to remove links to ""copyrighted"" Cryptome docs 
What do you think?
"The real reason why is not questioned in London: ""A matter of prestige"" classifies spending on policing founder after  
See 
See 
See 
Ghana unhappy US did not show it WikiLeaks docs on detainees 
Have secret docs? Anonymously submit them to WikiLeaks  
UK classifies budget of covert operation against after backlash over costs  
"Cellphone Spying Device Found Near London Embassy Harbouring  
called a Before election season, Cruz sed he'd done a public service (1)
Mobile phone interception device found near at Ecuadorian embassy   Assange has not been charged. Please correct.
UK classifies siege budget after being embarressed by the £12.6m spend  More: Edward about If you're a you can trust Wikileaks. 
Can you tell us more about this video?
What would that look like?
follow us
"Privacy Interational; VICE find mobile telephone interception signature Ecuadorian embassy, London  Papa Francesco incontra i signori di Google  'Your Place or Mine' - group sex, Swedish judicial proceedure |  :)
In system so corrupt that an uncharged person can be the subject of 34 out of 38 justice press releases?
Sweden Tells the UN that Indefinite Detention Without Charge is Fine  We're not Swedish and do not care about Swedish sectarianism.
We were demonstrating the neo-Nazi problem in Sweden. RT's are not endorsements.
"Here's the BBC, which takes an anti-Russian position, on the subject 
Sweden had eugenics up to '79. Sweden let its neo-nazis into Ukraine including to lead the Azoz battalion.
But they did give names. Assange's name repeatedly in 34 out of 38 press releases and he hasn't even been charged.
"Assange has not even been charged, has already been cleared and the woman says the police made it up."
How can Sweden pretend any credibility when its last 34 out of 38 press releases are about someone not even charged 
Swedish justice has issued zero press releases about mass sex-mobs coverup. Instead:  
"Swedish Police Allegedly Kept Silent On Migrant Sex Mobs, Media Knew For Six Months, Govt For Two Years 
"We link to stories that relate to our work, even if they're published by formal state propagada outlets like the BBC or RT."Sweden continues its illegal PR war against Assange. 34/38 releases:   
SMS Records Show Swedish Newspaper Dagens Nyheter Not Telling the Truth About Mass Sexual Assault Cover-Up 
Obama pushes in his State of the Union address. Search, highlight full text of the agreement here:   "Alleged CIA head hacker in epic prank of James Clapper, head of DNI. Handle then betrayed by VICE journalist TONIGHT Did Sweden have its own version of attacks - and was there a cover up?  
Lego changes stance on bulk orders after Ai Weiwei (exhibition controversy A ministry was not being referred to. The US Department of War was re-badged Department of Defense for PR purposes.,,,Did you know that Julian Assange was one of PostgreSQL contributors some time ago?  (see Past Contr…
Reports today in the press that Russia is arming Who is 
"Please use the objective word 'military', rather than 'defense', unless the budget is strictly limited to defense."
Assaults at the Stockholm festival have never been fully investigated
"Sweden hushes up mass sex assaults, yet illegally released name. Former chief prosecutor 
"Swedish police, media concealed mass sexual assault by migrants at ""We Are festival  Swedish police chief admits to concealing mass sexual assault by migrants in order to reduce opposition party votes 
'Sean-splaned' atrocities by but falsely accused of causing 'life-loss'  
"The Sean Penn's attack on and related matters  How Swedish media initially suppressed mass sexual assult story  More: 
Swedish police admit to concealing mass sexual assults by migrants inorder to suppress vote for anti-migration party 
"Swedish police admit concealing mass sexual assults by migrants at ""We Are Stockholm"" festival for political reasons 
"Swedish police conceal mass sexual assults at ""We Are festival  See 
Australian PM making false statements. Compare with 16 requests in 2012:  
"No. We tried to draw attention to the poignancy of another dead man, Hastings, on a cover familiar to our readers, but whatever",,,January 10 2016 - David Bowie died peacefully today surrounded by his family after a courageous 18 month battle... PMC caught out in blatant lie about Assange 
"In letter, PM says that has asked for nothing since Dec 2010, but:  
Today marks three years since was driven to death by the US government on 11 January 2013 at age 26.
David has died at 69 according to his son. 132 related WikiLeaks docs:  
"David Bowie, has died, aged 69. [Michael Hastings, a friend of also on this cover, died in 2013] 
Van Halen is not a person.
"Michael Hastings, sadly."
"Of the three people on this Rolling Stone cover, two are dead.  
David has died at 69 according to BBC. 132 WikiLeaks docs on the singer: 
"""Could many falsely convicted 'criminals' be cleared based on stored data?"" asks 
We think our analysis of that doc is more interesting than the doc itself because it shows how state of the art spin works.Read the whole thing. You'll be amazed at how modern twists content through selective editing and outright falsehoods.
False. New Hillary Emails: How to spin/prosecute WikiLeaks briefing note from Anne Marie-Slaughter. Now CEO of NAF. 
Last Kuwaiti inmate returns home  WikiLeaks Detainee profile:  What the US Really Thinks of Henry Ramos REVEALED: Juvenile, mentally ill prisoners killed in Saudi executions  me for 
"False. WikiLeaks was the first, by several years, and has 31m page refs vs propublica's 2m page refs."My perspective on the technology industry has changed after reading ""When Google Met Wikileaks"" 
US guide to understanding the Iranian mind issued immediately prior to US embassy siege  US transfers two prisoners from to  WikiLeaks profiles:  
Secre cable reveals scathing US views on new Congressional leader Henry Ramos Allup 
"As for ""checkbook journalism""--it is a a cartel excuse used by US broadsheet media to reduce input costs."
There's no allegation that Snowden was paid by us or anyone else.
"reveals what the US really thinks of Henry Ramos Allup, new president of National Assembly Golinger- Wikileaks: Documento secreto revela lo que EEUU realmente piensa del nuevo presidente de la AN Guardian - Anti-War activist Ciaron O'Reilly: conventional protests are 'a dead end'  Free Assang…
Edward Snowden on WikiLeaks  
What's your point? All parties on the ballot must be preferenced. That's how the system works in Australia.,,,UK broke off talks over safe passage for because of his role in rescue  
cables, the gift that keeps on giving -- more on . No wonder US keeps Assange locked up  
"have caused 'infinite damage' - Lord Cormack, demonstrating a rare talent for arithmetic  UK journalists are currently in a feeding frenzy without food over You need to install Tor browser for this link. See 
We have had hundreds of sources. Only those alleged to have outed themselves to informants have been exposed.
Are you a whistleblower, hacker, do you have documents the world needs to see? Download Tor browser and leak here 
What are you claiming?
What secret cargo are 747s collecting from   Bribery over Humanity: and the UN Human Rights Council:  Why are secret 747s landing in  Saudi Arabia omitted from UK death penalty strategy 'to safeguard defence contracts' 
"Never made. A warrent for arrest is not the same as charges. The latter concerns intent to prosecute. The former, suspicion.",,,This Wikileaks cable explains why the death of one cleric has the Mideast on edge.  This Wikileaks cable explains why the death of one cleric has the Mideast on edge.  
No charge re bail however UK won't confirm or deny if it's already received a US extradition request.
"The cold war between Arabia and that's tearing apart the Middle East, explained 
US voters finaly have a clear choice. Hillary: Aliens! Trump: No more aliens! 
Hillary Clinton gets to the UFO vote before Trump 
Can you translate?,,,What a leaked 2008 diplomatic cable says the US thought about Nimr al-Nimr  
That is false. However to charge without ever speaking to someone is politically dangerous.
"We have published 400,000 documents mentioning Israel 
"Sorry to correct you, but not only do we know exactly what it is, we published four versions of it 
demand inquiry into secret UK-deal exposed by WikiLeaks [fixed link]  
"No. The UK conducts an admitted 13 million pound covert operation to arrest him, wtihout charge."
Saudi secretly paid UK £100k pounds to obtain its vote for UN Human Rights Council position  
Parties demand inquiry into secret UK deal to have lead UN Human Rights Council  
Leader of now joins calls for inquiry into secret UK-deal following WikiLeaks revelations 
"Exclusive: UK Government urged to reveal its role in getting Saudi Arabia onto UN Human Rights Council
Obama should beat Wikileaks to the scoop and release transcripts of US surveillance of Israeli PM 
"BREAKING: has severed ties with giving its diplomats 48 hours to leave the country -- Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir."
WikiLeaks docs show UK in secret deal to place on  
"""World Order"" - major new documentary with Putin, Assange, Stone, et al, english subtitles, 7 parts  What Sheikh al-secretly told the US about  
How False Stories of Arming the Were Used to Justify War in  
Nimr to US: Saudi gov't has never introduced change, but always been forced to make it  
12US cables on Shi'a Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr who was executed by Arabia on Saturday 
Saudi executed 47 people today. WikiLeaks docs show UK put them on the UN Human Rights Council in secret deal  The Chief Prosecutor also cleared Assange and closed the case. It was re-opened by politician Claes Borgstrom.
Both the woman and Assange say the police made it up. There is no ambiguity.
"Executed Sheikh al-had radical ""American Ideals"" such as ""liberty and justice""  
"Executed Sheikh al-told US he would ""side with the people, never the government""  
Classified meeting between US and Shi'a cleric Sheikh Nimr Al-who was executed by Arabia today 
The woman says the police made it up. Please don't spread state propaganda 
92Saudi cables and other docs on execution and   Glad to hear it. 
Wow! Iran's supreme leader's website posts this picture, equating Saudi with ISIS. 
You are stating who did what exactly?,,,More on with Julian Assange speaking  about satire and political cartooning 
"Saudi Arabia beheaded 47 people today, including Shiite cleric  See also: Here's a link to an archive of Ian Murdock's disturbing final tweets  Syrian journalist and filmmaker killed in had documented atrocities  | "This text refers to advertisements, not discussions. Twitter has censorship problems, but this is not evidence."
"Hillary emails: US ""whole of government"" WikiLeaks task force spanned CIA to Treasury  
"Hillary emails: Clinton called China over WikiLeaks; US ran whole of government WikiLeaks war-room with CIA, DoD... 
The Perak Crisis Revisited --- who were the players? 
Are you making an allegation? Against who?
Where do you see that message from and for what URL?
Hillary Clinton tracked extradition hearings new emails reveal  State Department falls behind schedule with latest release of Hillary Clinton emails:  via US Debian founder dead shortly after tweeting about police beating: His last tweets:  
Full record of dead Debian founder Ian Murdock's last tweets including replies  
Fascinating to see a beltway bandit reframe a kremlin-critical Atlantic article as pro-kremlin inorder to display virtue. Not.
False.
Arrest records confirm late Debian founder was arrested on the 27th of Dec. Last tweets:  
Arrest records show deceased Debian founder Ian Murdoch was arrested on the 27th of December  
Debian founder dies after claiming to have been arrested and beaten by US police: the archived tweets It's like building explosives into all of our bridges and planning to keep the detonators out of the hands of our enemies. Insan…
The World According to  "US State Department releases 3105 Hillary Clinton emails at 4pm on New Year's Eve  
Search: 
Christmas with Assange  
"2016is a year of conflict, US-Ru-Cn playoff, Syria et al, Zemen, African instability, IS expansion, US election, finance"
New novel sees Mossad agent expose secrets to WikiLeaks  "2016: 56,228 WikiLeaks documents on the year ahead 
New novel sees Mossad agent expose secrets to WikiLeaks  Daniel Craig (James Bond) says mass surveillance is the 'most evil' thing in the world 
For the whistleblowers to come forward during 2016, please donate to to protect them and - to pub…"
WikiLeaks new year appeal! Keep us strong. 21 major publications this year.  
Navidad con | Pagina12 
Pentagon Plans Legal Change to Crack Down on Military Whistleblowers 
"State Secret Exhibition in Paris featuring WikiLeaks, Assange, Manning, Snowden  
21major publications this year. Help us continue our work through 2016.  Xmas appeal. 21 major publications this year.   
A serious libel. Assange hasn't even been charged and the woman says police made it up 
Confira ""Underground: The Julian Assange Story"" na Netflix  How the Obama administration gagged Google over surveillance of WikiLeaks volunteer and Tor developer: 
A few key entries from WikiLeaks War Diaries, which show the U.S. Army's initial search for Bergdahl 
Thanks 2; during these tuf times. They need support, please think of donating 
Pentagon's latest scheme to keep 2000 detainee abuse photos secret  
Restriction of supply is basic economics. Not about money but bargaining power.
False dichotomy. Strategic is having an army and an archive not half a dozen journalists.
WikiLeaks Xmas appeal. 21 major publications this year.   A holiday donation would go a long way toward helping Courage support truthtellers in need and at risk in 2016 Studies in snark.  Revealed: How DOJ Gagged Google over Surveillance of WikiLeaks Volunteer 
Congratulations on the escape.
Glenn is only human and has to deal with constraints. But this is bigger than a person.
Google military robot pulls corpse accross Syria -- disguised as Santa accross Boston for PR purposes 
Solution is to structure the publisher so attacks on reputation and legal action do not matter much.
"Writing without thinking is common, but spare us from the result."
EU is playing games. The special access by US corps to the US terms is well documented and US driving this.
We are very familiar with Glenn. He writes and thinks like 20 men-but a 20 thousand are needed.If you feel threatened by the realities of scale it's not our problem. It's reality.
"Yes. If you had to document a million cases but your methalogy was writing stories, so you could only manage 50, you lost."
We do. They know our position. We disagree with a few colonialists privatising and censoring global history.
We do. They know our position. We disagree with a few colonialists privatising and censoring global history.
It's not like Buzzfeed has any credibility to lose.
Such an archive of global spying belongs to its victims--humanity as a whole--not a few provincial newsmen.
"Glenn, left to his own devices, has published and be damned instincts but ends up doing PR for the circle."
"Sorry, let us rephrase--fantasies about 'reform', arrest avoidence and  pardons through placating censorship."
Snowden and the ACLU have also joined this mutually protective censorship circle jerk.
This completely retarded outcome was the predictable outcome of using US journalists and UK-UK publishers.
..out a few docs it has sat on for years. Fear and lack of resources prevents archive publishing.
"Of the UK, US media, intercept is the only one with enough ownership and free cash to occasionally mince..."
Costs are still high due to neurosis about political-legal risks that require expensive 'reporting' dressups.
"It's all about profit/cost. Profit is down, because novelty is down. Neurosis about political-legal fallout..."
It's a pre-internet vanity trip from the 1980s that New York Times art pages types care about, it doesn't scale.
The solution is simple. Stop with this vane 'reporting' business and start publishing large searchable archives.
Malmstrom is in charge of EU trade. Search for 'Malmstrom WikiLeaks' and 'Malmstrom Eric Holder'
"So where are the AI reports on Manning, Hammond, Assange, Brown? 
"650k docs on Russia. Try reading, idiot. 
AI has a western geopolitical alignment. That doesn't mean everything it says about other countries is false.
Slander. Where is the evidence that we are sitting on material?
We mean in the general sense. We are not authenticating Amnesty's report. But bombing produces civ kills in roughly that ratio.
While Amnesty is biased by its UK funding and the location of its HQ (London) the civilian kill issue it highlights is real.
Comment: Amnesty on Russian civilian bombing kills in Syria: US drones have 10:1 civ:militant kill ratio. 17:1 for Ru bombs sounds 'right'.
abbreviations?US wins extradition case in New Zealand, Dotcom has 15 days to file appeal 
We mean it.
This is a staff account.,,,When Works: Leaked Draft of Section vs. Official Text  htt…
The point Kim makes is correct. He's fighting for his liberty. We can cut him some slack on tweets.
"Right. But Kim as a person is not important, so why mention it at all?"
Kim is not important. The attack on him is.
Sure it is. They both are perceived to weaken US establishment power.
"Rephrased: Assange induced people to pirate gov secrets, then published them. Dotcom ditto, but for commercial 'secrets'."
"Even has the same prosecutor in the US and is run out of the same ""national security"" grand jury area, Alexandria VA."
"In this high level manner, it's identical to the US pending prosecution against Assange and WikiLeaks."
"He shared info outside the US in a way US power backers wanted to stop, so they hegemonically pushed US law into NZ."
"We haven't seen him do that, but he's right to make the comparison in an important respect. He's also a victim of lawfare."
Yes. Latuff is the best (quality x qantity x fearlessness x timelyness) geopolitical cartoonist in the world now.
Can you be clearer?
Help us test new WikiLeaks layout   - tweet your criticism/bug finds using .exposed. Reasons for attacking members: Attacking Wikileaks / Fake defacement of  
Study reveals growing dominance of privately-educated elite at top and bottom of UK journalism  
Seymour Hersh's latest bombshell on - includes use of cables 
.to learn his fate today - he has the same US prosecutor as Assange and How the Justice Dept. gagged Google over surveillance of WikiLeaks volunteer:  
Seymour Hersh's new article on the Syrian war  Crown Prosecution Service to.CAN'T confirm/deny any correspondence w/US DoJ on would damage extradit…"
Do US foreign relations academics have a problem? When Wikileaks Works: Comparing the Leaked Draft of the IP Section of the TPP to the Official...  | b…
Academia, Wikileaks and the policy of fear: 
Help us test WikiLeaks new layout   - tweet your comments/bug finds using 
Place US Shop express orders by 11.59pm, 12/21 for Xmas delivery:  
Here is what Sweden is famous for - the illegal detention of our editor  
"US gov re-confirms ""sensitive, ongoing law enforcement proceeding into in court submission [FREE] Are US academics who cite WikiLeaks blackballed? 
"India releases new cellphone, the ""WickedLeak""  in what way? "No. 52,600. Good addition though."
"Sweden's detention of is its most famous ""brand"" More:  
Academic: Political facts behind the Swedish case VS.  
Help us beta test WikiLeaks for mobile  - tweet your comments/bug finds using 
Swedish rights group: Continued Assange detention is illegal  More: 
Latest issue of Swedish human rights magazine The Indicter is dedicated to the detention  Thom Hartmann discusses surveillance and Julian Assange [VIDEO] 
Turkish MP faces treason charges after tellingused Turkey for transiting sarin 
How not to do a Julian interview  Express orders placed by 12/21 will arrive by Christmas:   
"Justice, UK style: Saudi business man cleared of rape after he tripped and his penis fell into teenage girl on couch In Erdogan's a student of Istambul University was arrested for showing one  of my cartoons. Democracy? Ha! [FREE] Sweden finally puts the wheels in motion regarding Julian - so why did it take so long? 
"Astounding new paper ""The Moral Character of Cryptographic Work"" paper:  video:  Swedish government continues erasing history re: Assange 
Crikey: The strange case of Julian  More: Video: Julian addresses on Freedom of Speech "Russia: US has deployed 200 nukes to Turkey, Germany, Italy, Belgium;  Netherlands  See: 
Gun linked to Paris attacks registered to Florida arms firm implicated in Iran-Contra scandal I'll have a wonderful Xmas and New Years with my kids. Thanks to my excellent legal team and great Judges. In 2016 I can fin…
Will media 'feminists' defend just like they didn't for women impregnated by UK 
Who is Century Arms--the US corp the M92 terror gun was registered to?   More: 
Who is Century Arms--the US corp the M92 terror gun was registered to?  More: 
Jeremy Hammond: Reject and the Co-Opting of  Who is Centuary Arms--the US corp the M92 terror gun was registered to?   More: 
Paris attack connected to malware Hacking Team via former Israeli commando, arms dealer Ori Zoller 
Paris M92 attack gun background: Centuary Arms, the Ori Zoller connection  More: 
"Paris M92 attack gun came from Florida company Centuary Arms that used Israeli commando to sell 3,000 rifles to right-wing terror group AUC."
"Mass spying, privacy, terror; with; former top CIA officers Jihadist with Michael Weiss identified. He didn't live long and was not moderate. 
"Inquiry into UK spies who infiltrated, seduced, impregnated female activists  re-opens 
UK spies, PM rigged trial of 24 classified docs shown in Parliament show 'Privacy has gone' Assange warns at RT's 10th anniversary  
Will so called 'feminist' columnists to go to the aid of just like they didn't with  State Dept spokesman attacksjournalist over Turkey-Iraq feud question  More: 
100Days in Prison and a Lawyer Shot Dead: Still Won't Let Vice Journalist Go Turkey's Erdogan says impossible to pull troops out of Iraq despite Baghdad's protests  
US soldier captured 'TAKING [an] EXPLETIVE' - WikiLeaks Taliban intercept  
"Now Wired, Gizmodo, Newsweek have all run bogus exclusives on the identity of founder. ""Journalism"" FTW. Nobel time in Sweden: been to to congratulate the 4 American laurelates,,,1/ I've been in contact with ff of Dr Craig Wright.  Here's what pieced together.  NB the facts are evolving as you will see.
"Correction, 'cloudcroft'"
SGI super-computer 'letter' removed from Craig Wright's company 'cloudsoft' The average price of Bitcoin across all exchanges is 419.56 USD
There is evidence Craig Wright engaged in investment and RD tax rebate fraud. One of his businesses has removed a key doc in the last hours
Bitcoin 'founder' Craig Wright: we reconfirm our initial assessment. Craig Wright is not the principal Bitcoin coder. Email from Satoshi Nakamoto's email address appears denying to be Craig Wright. But note such emails are fakable. 
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei still fighting for freedom as he opens National Gallery of Victoria show 
Today is international anti-corruption day: Obama appointees funnelling billions for the disabled to arms companies 
Berlin Mi 09.12 20:00: Das Ende der Demokratie 
At secret meeting Julian describes to Google chairman Eric Schmidt in 2011  BREAKING: Landlord tells Reuters that reported creator Craig Wright aka Satoshi Nakamoto planning to move to U…,,,The average price of Bitcoin across all exchanges is 419.10 USD
Which reporter?
"Question is, do all three cancel out contributing Newscorp?"
And cryptoparties.
"Well, that's funny: Alleged raided creator Craig S Wright; Julian Assange in 1996  
Australia has a long and sad history of cracking down on its radical innovators. "Bitcoin 'co-creator' police raid:  example of vulgar Australian ""tall poppy syndrome""? Already pushed by AU journos: 
Search for 'Australia' and 'tall poppy syndrome'. It is why many Australians leave.
"Which is why we said ""principal coder"". CSW may have been involved in other ways of greater or lesser significance."
Newly alleged co-creator Craig S Wright in 1996 
No? Do you have examples?
Newly alleged Bitcoin creator wrote article about WikiLeaks paypal blockade 
Assange: prisionero sin cargos en contra | DW  
"Note, the fake ""wikileaks_forum"" account + site feeds information to the FBI and is run by FBI informants."
advisor kicking protestor cartoon was used by to make censorship order of 
So you're suggesting blocking  and 
This Auto-Tuned opera about Chelsea Manning and WikiLeaks is positively mind-bending  via On the left: Trump's remarks on the Internet; free speech everyone is making fun of.
On the right: Hillary Clinton 
"US weapons exec describes Middle East chaos as ""a huge growth area for us"" 
Erdogan cartoon sees Turkey issue order to block WikiLeaks' ace cartoonist Assange in UK: Five years without freedom - or charges  Brief letter to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in relation to Julian Five years since the arrest of Julian - World Socialist Web Site .Julian has been 'five years without freedom - or charges' 
How Google and friends exploit everyone.  Read more: Assange in UK: Five years without freedom - or charges 
"Interview: Julian Wikileaks founder, on and extradition 
Julian in exhibit at National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne  
"A craven history where the US is concerned. Look at treatment of John Pilger, Edward Herman, John Helmer, Burchett, David Hicks"
Veterans of Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya to discard their medals at Downing Street.Dünyaca ünlü WikiLeaks, Fuat Avni'nin iddiasını paylaştı...  
"Hillary Clinton pushes for social media; encryption bans + ""nuclear option""  
Former US President Jimmy Carter on  
detained 5 years w/o charge as of today: 10 days solitary+1.5 years house arrest+3.5 years embassy siege 
"Today, 7 Dec 2015, marks five years that Julian Assange has been detained without charge  
"Today, 7 Dec 2015, marks five years that Julian Assange has been detained without charge.  Correct your story or face the consequences. 
"Today, Mon Dec 7, marks five years of Julian passport seizure and continuous detention without charge 
Is there a recording/transcript?
Why Are Feminists Applauding the Silencing of Women? WikiLeaks exposes environmental threat of -  new leak, analysis here: 
"Hillary's war: H fed ISIS, by pushing for desruction of Libya over Pentagon warnings. GOP too distracted to see H's big natsec weakness."
It's not manditory and most documents come from technical users in practice since they know how to collect megaleaks.
ISIS takes flight in according to Arab media  Or understand all their upstream dependencies and the people involved and infect them all with bugdoors and wait.
"On 10 Oct--six weeks before Russian jet shootdown, Turkish 'deep throat' tweeted future shootdown is plan 
A plan activated for the election but not deactivated after due to other priorities?
"They're good projects, but have too much attack surface for our line of work."
Did you examine the date of the article?
Why are you saying this? We invented the technology.
Did Turkish 'deep throat' reveal Russian jet shootdown plan six weeks ago?  Did Turkish 'deep throat' out Russian jet shootdown plan a month before Nov 24 shootdown? Jacob Appelbaum explains what little we know about Aaron's connection to :  …"We wrote in June that Saudi ""has also become a menace to its neighbours and itself."" Germany's BND now agrees: 
"Are Chinese or ISIS spies ""quintessential insider threats"" to the US? No--it's whistleblowers talking to the press 
Germany issues travel warning against Sweden "WikiLeaks as a perfect record for the accuracy of its verification system. If you disagree, happy to take it up in the courts."Während tagt, wird in Genf verhandelt. Das Abkommen könnte den Klimaschutz torpedieren, weiß ht…"
Soros ban from Russia: 129 US cables on Soros, Russia 
Why are Sweden; the UK so determined to never investigate the ""very serious allegations"" against Julian Assange? 
attacking is part of a *long term strategy*, it's been the goal for YEARS.  
"No. Kristinn Hrafnsson was blocked, for instance. Dept of State has/had a policy of never giving us J visas."
WikiLeaks had only lawyers at the trial, our journalists visa's were blocked by state.
Is there a CIA plot to call WikiLeaks a CIA plot? New US court ruling shows banking blockade against was unlawful, violated the First Amendment Court Ruling Against Chicago Sheriff Proves Thuggish Anti-WikiLeaks Blockade was Unconstitutional 
Classified US cable reveals high-level climate change spy tasking list for   
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon tried to scuttle climate change summit when it was proposed 'What is happening to Muslims, sooner or later, will happen to us' - Julian Assange. 
France uses emergency terror laws to place 24 climate change activists under house arrest 
"Today's Paris climate conference will be crawling with spies, WikiLeaks docs show  
Crikey: Why are, UK determined never close their case against Julian  US has been using NSA to intercept climate change strategy for years  
NSA spied on Merkel talking climate change strategy as early as 2009  As Saudi executions soar (many just for drugs), it's looking for eight more executioners.  
"UK spies seduced, impregnated climate change activists 
France uses emergency terror laws to put 24 climate change activists under house arrest 
France uses emergency terror laws to put 24 climate change activists under house arrest wihtout charge 
cables on the troubled diplomatic history of   "Five years ago today, WikiLeaks began publishing Cablegate (251k cables). We now have a library of over 2.8m cables 
spying targets informed by previous UK targetting of  
Give a bit extra, get limited edition supporters' gear at  (use code WIKIXMAS now) htt…"Carbon spies: US bugged Japan's climate change strategy for years  
"Tomorrows climate conference will be crawling with US; UK spies,  WikiLeaks docs show "Five years ago today, WikiLeaks began publishing Cablegate. We now have a library of over 10 million documents. 
Link to our cable?
"Can't say we're surprised to hear about your problems with the law, Chris:  See 
"""Not since Iraq have I seen BBC working at propaganda strength like this. So glad I'm out of there,"" Whilst another BBC writer advocates the murder of Julian Assange  "Ugly BBC bias revealed in staffer Twitter rants on  
"We will leave such porcine intimacies to your 'editor in chief', PM David Cameron."
"More from the ever unbiased UK state broadcaster, the BBC, on WikiLeaks posts transcripts on SourceAmerica corruption allegations 
No where is the provincialism of the UK state press so evident as its lame attempts to mock political refugees to its in-group.
"False. It is a state broadcaster, by definition and practice. Aligned with the state, not cabinet. 
Who are they?,,,.posts transcripts on corruption allegations  via 
UK state 'journalist' on the £13M UK operation against UK political refugee Julian  "Better targeted surveillance is needed, not mass  
Be careful with that airport Eugene. 
5years ago US servers pulled by Amazon after high level political pressure  
We've checked. No WikiLeaks principles have ever heard of you.
Peter McKay,at a Reuters seminar on Journalism,said it is 'absolutely wrong' to think papers have any sort of duty to socie…"
"Can Dundar, Turkish journalist arrested over publishing weapons into Syria report  
Operation Clever Report: Internal Saudi investigation into alleged Iranian hack of Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs 
So it was an incompetent clandestine op. But why the need for a clandestine op?
If the state is proud of this then why charge the editor with espionage? 
"On 7 Dec, 2015 our publisher will have spent 5 years continuously detained without charge  Maybe. Maybe not. But prosecuting for 'espionage' can never be the answer.
He has not been charged and the woman says the police 'made it up' and 'railroaded' her:.
POSITION: We denounce Turkey's attempts to prosecute staff for 'espionage'. Wrong when US does it. Wrong when Turkey does it.
"Sometables yes, some tables no; there are also conversion tools, but YMMV; we just created a VM with Oracle."
"While the majority of the documents are in Arabic, Many thousands are in English, French or Russian."
"Download the task management system for embassies (72GB) here: (torrent, Oracle SQL) 
Turkish editor of in court today for 'espionage' after publishing photos of weapons to Syrian insurgents.
Turkish editor of in court today for 'espionage' after publishing photos of weapons convoy to Syrian militants.
"Generation trauma: Rise of 'trigger warnings', 'microaggressions'; 'safe spaces' feed censorship at UN 
"RELEASE: More than 50,000 embassy task notifications for 2012  
Buying Silence: How the Foreign Ministry controls Arab Media  RELEASE: Ministry of Foreign affairs work folders   RELEASE: Saudi Ministry of Foreign Affairs documents by staff 'ownership'  RELEASE: Entire task management system for embassies in a 72 Gb Oracle database  
"RELEASE: More than 2,330 on; 
RELEASE: Saudi Cables II: 61315 more cables and cryptocraphic keys for every Saudi embassy  
"CIA journal on insider threats compares to terrorists, murderers; Russian spies 
Date?
"Reuters: US spy sat shows ""Russian jet shot down by Turkey...was hit inside Syrian airspace"" 
Kunduz: US military refused independent investigation, ""investigates"" itself, finds it was just a mistake, leaks it 
Turkish violations of Greek airspace have sharply increased 
There is no greater abuse the state can make of women short of murder. And it is newsworthy. But they refuse to touch it. The jet was travelling at 242 miles/hour and was exiting Turkish airspace.
Publishing Turkey's claims to the UN Security Council is not PR for the Kremlin--but you knew that.
"""17seconds"" -- how long Russian jet spent in Turkish airspace according to Turkey's letter to UN Security Council: 
"Seymour Hersh on Obama, Turkey and the Syrian rebels (April 2014, now notable in hindsight) 
'Anonymous' proud of being patted on the head by UK Security minister 
It has been years. Now it is all done and dusted by the serious people you are going to write a novella. Exciting.
"Yes. By real journalists, but not by 'feminist' columinists who usually leap on even pre-charge allegations."
We don't. The UK justice system does--just as long as it isn't a cop. 
See all of this: 
"New tool let's you search highlight text; generate a URL to share! 
That's our hypothesis also. Most UK 'feminist' columnists are white Oxford graduates that portray a faux class disposition.
"Even the Tories, courts and lawyers have had a crack at it."
"Going since 2011. Real reporters, male and female, but no 'feminist' columnists with profile."
Not deleted. See What is it with 'feminist' columnists, men in uniform? Continued silience from latte feminists on a decade of UK police spies raping women."Ahead of the MegaUpload extradition verdict, NZ Supreme Court defines information as 'property' 
Guardian: U.S. politicians told Amazon to remove Wikileaks 
"Julian and Slavoj on and the future of Europe  
Russia releases own flightmap showing attack on its Su-24 fighterjet taking place within Syria  
US cables: violated Turkey airspace to bomb in 2007    
Relative military strength: Russia vs Turkey (but note that most Turkish kit is a generation ahead) 
Classified US cable: Turkey violating Greek airspace 40 times a day  Professional Turkish TV filmed from Turkish side. Rebels took some shots from Syrian side.
How come a Turkish TV crew was in the right place, filming in the right direction as Russian plane shot down? Lucky? Or …"
Four days ago: Turkey summons Russian envoy over bombing of ethnically Turkish proxies in Syria  
"But not the United States, UK or Australia."
Russian helicopter now shot down searching for downed Russian pilot  
"In just the first month of 2014 Turkish jets are claimed to have violated Greek airspace 1,017 times 
"Turkish Army: Airspace violated 112 times by Greece, Italy and Israel in 12 months 
341WikiLeaks cables documenting airspace violations 
Thousands of military airspace violations happen all the time without loss of life: 
We have verified the story which is sourced elsewhere. Sputnik however has the most comprehensive write up.
French violated Swedish airspace, Fake leaks to press tried to pretend it was Russia 
NATO planes violated Swedish airspace more than Russia over last five years - Swedish military report 
"US, UK are on the Security Council and use miles."
Eight Turkish fighter jets violate Greek airspace 
"Turkey's statement: Claims Russia violated airspace for just ""17 seconds"" with very slow 243 miles/hour jet. 
cables on the of,  
Journalists: Learn to do basic maths. Look at Turkey's statement to UN: 1.15 miles / 17 seconds x 60 x 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/hour
Everyone can. Look at Turkey's statement to UN. 1.15 miles / 17 seconds x 60 x 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/hour
Either Turkey's statement to UN is bogus or Russian Su-24 jet made extraordinarily slow penetration of airspace 
Turkey statement to UN odd. Distance/time shows jet would be flying near stall speed at 391km/h (max speed 2320km/h) 
"Novoturkey: The Turkmen of north eastern Syria, who stem from Turkey's rule of the area prior to WWI, form Turkey's own ""eastern Ukraine""."
cables on the of,  
"Four days ago: Turkey condemns attack on Syrian Turkmen village, summons Russian envoy  
"Why are 'feminist' columnists state rape apologists? Deafening silence on UK police rape of activists from Valenti, Moore, Penny Red, et al."
Here is Turkey's letter today to the UN Security Council over Russian jet shootdown  
Where do you get that time from?
"In letter to UN Security Council today Turkey states Russian jet violated its airspace for ""17 seconds""."
"Putin calming over Turkey jet shootdown: ""Today's loss is a stab in the back by supporters of terrorists"". More: 
Julan about the refugee crisis 
Why hates  
"Turkey's military releases 'radar track' of downed Russian jet clipping Turkish land ""nose""   
Russian jet shot down by Turkey. Two pilots captured. What's Turkey doing in Syria?  
Former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis on WikiLeaks | revela que puede convertirse en exportador del terrorismo  
UK sentences 18 year old woman to 21 months for thinking about fighting against ISIS with the Kurdish PKK 
US assassinates alleged ISIS computer hacker making precedent of extrajudicial death penalty for hacking allegations 
"What is this? We did not say France and US ""skapats"" (created) ISIS. Please correct."
YAN has been one of the more politically consistant Anon accounts-but any anon account holder could be replaced at any time.
Robert Fisk: We still haven't grasped that this is war without frontiers  La adolescencia y los comienzos de  "Reminder: ""WikiLeaks Forum"" is part of a group of fake anti-WikiLeaks propaganda sites that feed data to the FBI."
Essential reading about my case:
The corruption
Legal opinion by Harvard Prof
Hillary (in private): Saudi Arabia is the largest source of terrorist funding (archive)  
"WATCH: speaking to 2500 people at London Royal Festival Hall   The question for people who want to bomb Syria is literally 'you and whose army?'"On and the future of Europe: Slavoj Žižek, and Julian Assange A revealing and detailed account of Kurdistan's Rojava's revolution in Syria 
"Sweden, trying to get in on the Paris drama, falsely arrested man for terrorism:  compare: 
"US admitted victim of al-Qaeda with 1,200 affiliates arrested at secret meeting with James Foley in 2009 
"""When this war is over, I'll go somewhere else and fight"" Saudi-backed Wahhabists fighting against Russia, 1999 
UK prosecutors intervened at every stage to ensure no police spy was jailed for raping female activists 
So-called 'Anonymous' censorship list 'full of academics and journalists'  What does and the UK state have in common? Sex slaves:  More: 
Does if you cover the sex-abuse beat and you deliberately avoid a highly newsworthy story you would normally write about.
"When 'feminist' columnists became rape apologists: A year of silence on UK police rape of activists from Valenti, Moore, Penny Red, et al."
Raped by the state: UK admits operation by police spies impregnated environmental activists So true. "Berlin, Dec 9: ""Das Ende der Demokratie"" with Julian Assange,; Srećko Horvat | demands US identify spies  Journalist on US determination to control Venezuela's oil:   
Anonymous (or the intel agents that riddle it) have a campaign to inform on social media accounts based on their speech. Great precedent.
More accurate how?
"ISIS strategy (Feb, 2015) to provoke a harsh crackdown on Western Muslims so they join ISIS  
"ISIS srategy (Feb, 2015) to provoke a crackdown on EU Muslims inoder to push them to ISIS  
"ISIS strategy (Feb, 2015) to provoke a crackdown on Western Muslims inorder to drive them into the arms of ISIS 
CIA docs shows how ISIS may have been moving through EU borders 
"Clinton CIA head says should be ""executed"" by ""hanging""  but  
"""Courage"" statue of Snowden-Assange-Manning (L-R) erected in Strasbourg, France  cf "Current Argentine Presidential Candidate Macri Secretly Asked US Government for Help Against 
"Spooks' view on Syria: What US+UK+France were doing Dec 2011 ""commit guerrilla attacks, assassination campaigns"" 
"Hillary Clinton: We came, we saw, he died (ha, ha!)  
"Gaddafi, May 2011 as was being bombed by NATO and France+US+UK armed jihadis:  
"Hillary: is ""the most significant source of funding for Sunni terrorists worldwide""  
"Hillary: Donors in Saudi are ""the most significant source"" of terrorist funding worldwide  
Saudi: regime must be destroyed to avoid revenge for what we've done to them already  
CIA Red Cell memo: What will the world do if it realises that the US is an exporter of terrorism? pdf:  (archive)
WikiLeaks cables have been shaking Guyanian politics this month. See: 
"In fiscalised states power resides in contractual, rather than political relationships; words are powerless, hence free."This convergence suggests a political domination by one of the other or both by a third  
"Striking statistic on US, UK is that there is almost no gap between views of educated, uneducated on this issue 
Pew Research is a conservative US based professional polling agency. Sample size is in the document.
"Poll: Support for internet freedom is highest in Argentina, lowest in Indonesia 
"Support for press freedom vs ""national security"" highest in Poland, Latin America  "Support for press freedom vs ""national security"" lowest in US, UK, Israel; 2x-3x worse than other countries  
"Drone whistleblowers cite prosecution of Manning, Assange, Snowden in letter to Obama  
Live: Press conference with drone opearator whistleblowers and  Background: 
Industries' intelligence agency:  linked to  Study finds no increase in jihadists' use of encryption since leaks 
He has never been interviewed in relation to the one outstanding matter (on which he has already been previously cleared).
"Fully searchable, highlightable version of + appendixes for shared analysis 
Most Twitter users supporting ISIS
1Saudi Arabia
2Syria 
3Iraq
4US
5Egypt
6Kuwait
7Turkey 
Massive United States Government Fraud Scandal  
In Sweden the technique is used to massage testimony b4 possible trial in high-profile cases.
Singer gets award from Nobel Prize organization  His collab with 
Partial list of the advanced weaponry US is selling to Saudi Arabia, amounting $1.29bil.
"RELEASE: Fully searchable, highlightable version of the full for shared analysis 
".calls on Bulgaria's prime minister to ensure safety of 'WikiLeaks Bulgaria', 
US Government Fraud Scandal Involving Scheme to Funnel Disability to Defense Contractors 
".calls on Bulgaria's prime minister to ensure safety of 'WikiLeaks Bulgaria', 
"RELEASE: Fully searchable, highlightable version of for shared analysis 
Stocks of the leading weapons manufacturers have soared following  
very last words: Next time, even if it takes 10 years, Julian will join us here. 
Telegraph: Wikileaks releases audiotapes allegedly showing fraud in Obama and Bush administrations  America's Largest Disability Employer Accused of Running Like the 'Mafia'  The tapes: 
The road not travelled: US docs show Syria ask for help to stop ISIS well before uprising  "Is privacy now finally inversely proportionate to power? The poorest have nothing, but the rich are festooned with gadgets that spy on them."
Is this the kind of nonsense the world can expect from Legatum? Everyone's KGB? No surprise: 
Great report on US Militarized Universities  See also: On The Take, Loving It 
.beats in WikiLeaks free speech test. Cambridge:  Oxford: Julian Assange | Highlights | Cambridge Union:  via RELEASE: The Tapes  
Again you run from the substance and attack the man. This John Helmer? 
Book reveals Scottish Borders link to Wikileaks Files  More: 
Additional proof: 
"ANNOUNCE: Today (Monday, EST) we release 30 hours of tapes related to a billion dollar corruption scandal with links to the White House."
The road not travelled: Syria offered US a partnership to stop ISIS as early as Feb 2010  ISIS is furious with refugees for chosing Europe over the Islamic Caliphate (original ISIS statements) 
Proof: 
"That's not 'attacking refugees'. However, here is your years of propaganda for the FSA. Goodnight. 
"You are lying. We have never attacked Syrian refugees. The fact is, you attacked us, because you support US proxies."
"For example: 
The whole time line is chock full of FSA propaganda."
We have aggressively exposed all sides of the Syrian conflict 
Our leadership structure is publically accountable. Anon's can't be. That's why it has a no-leadership rule--prevent Sabus.
"You back US proxies in Syria with endless propaganda, attack WL, and act like another Sabu. Not good."
After Sabu became FBI he exhorted similiar claims in even greater strength.
"It is dangerous for Anon to have self-proclaimed leaders like this. The last one, Sabu, turned out to be working for FBI."
e.g it constantly pushes glamour shots of the FSA and complains FSA doesn't get the recognition it deserves vs the Kurdish YPG.
You do not speak for Anons. Your account is used to push the US gov agenda in Syria and has been suspect for a long time.
"Interesting dossier on Anne Appelbaum, wife of former Polish FM Sikorski 
AP: Iraqi Intelligence Warned France of Attack Day Before Paris Assault   Former drone operator turned hacktivist Matt DeHart avoids 70-year prison term with child porn plea deal BREAKING: AP NewsBreak: Iraq warned US-led coalition countries of imminent assault before Paris attacks .
Former DIA Chief Michael Flynn Says Rise of was “a willful decision”  In the 70's it was ""follow the money"" regarding Watergate. Now it's ""follow the oil"" to know what ISIS is all about htt…"
Exploiting Emotions About Paris to Blame Snowden, Distract from Actual Culprits Who Empowered ISIS  
LIVE: US Presidential Debate  Will Hillary be asked about this? 
Hillary Email: French Plot to Overthrow Gaddafi and Help Itself to Libya's Oil   ""NYT Runs 2 Buried Paragraphs on Intercept Whistleblower's Shocking Drone War Disclosures, and Thinks That's Enough"" 
"Why hasn't France activated NATO Article 5 yet? Doubts as to origin, wanting to keep control or because it'd give ISIS fighters PoW rights?"
'Syrian' passport found in Paris a fake: picture did not match name 
Saudi: state must be destroyed to avoid revenge for what we've done to them  
"New WikiLeaks Book Extract Reveals How the US Aggressively Pursued Regime Change in Igniting a Bloodbath 
There Is Only One Way to Defeat  via 
Turkey pushing for NATO help to occupy Northern Syria five days ago. NATO not happy then. But now?  Pentagon opposed Hillary's war: -- which helped to arm   documents show knew Mid East ""allies"" were funding  Statement of the International Syria Support Group we tweeted earlier is now up at the UN 
"Hillary's war against Libya, which was opposed by several Pentagon generals, pushed arms, vehicles, fighters and land to ISIS."
Hillary Clinton laughs delightedly at  (actually over her kills in Libya: 
"Yes, those in charge the death and destruction thought it was very funny indeed. Flags of all Allies at half-mast. We stand together with in sorrow and solidarity. 
"""Thanks to we know and knew where money (financing ISIS) was coming from."" 
Joint Russia-US-EU-China-Gulf Syria transition plan for ceasefire and response to 
"""NATO's Turn to Attack"" - former NATO Supreme Commander beats drum for war. But what kind of war? 
"President Hollande admitted arming Syria's Sunni ""rebels""  
"are the sadly predictable result of funding, training; arming Sunni extremists in for years. 
Real compassion is holding root causes to account so it won't happen again not uttering feckless platitudes.
must be overthrown to avoid revenge for what we've done to them - cable:   How President Hollande's statement on triggers NATO Article 5  
Mass grave of women executed by ISIS found in Iraq  Goal is Syria transition in six months, elections in 18: German FM",,,Syria talks result in 'concrete calendar' leading to elections: German FM
French media claim terror investigation is saying that a 'Syrian' passport was found near a terrorist body.  NATO appears to be getting ready to invoke article 5 in response to  More: 
Parsing Hollande's statement carefully shows that it has been carefully constructed to trigger NATO Article 5.
"ISIS strategy in France: Provoke a crackdown on Muslims to ""Eliminate the Grayzone""  "Hillary Clinton delights at the US, France backed slaughter in that led to ISIS  Cartoon of the Day: Explosive Foreign Policy of Hollande (Via 
"Hillary's war: The destruction of the Libyan state and the killing of Gaddafi--the arms, fighters and disorder of which led to ISIS."
"Hillary Clinton ""We came, we saw, he died""  "Hollande ""I want to say we are going to lead a war which will be pitiless.""    
The big question now is will France activate NATO's Article 5, if so will France go to UN before war? Classified US plan to whip up Sunni fears about Shiites inorder to overthrow 
"Note that it is the avowed strategy of Islamic terror to generate a crackdown in France inorder to radicalise French muslims.
Because they shouted ' Allahu Akbar' before killing people.
"Those who funded, armed and trained Sunni extremists inorder to destroy the states of Syria; Libya should be brought to justice."
Who's that? Sunni extremists or those who funded and armed them?
France has declared as state of emergency. What does that mean?  "Over 120 killed in Paris attacks tonigh by Islamic terrorism. Over 250,000 Syrians, Iraqis; Libyans killed. Not funny then. Not funny now.",,,Around 100 dead in attack on Paris concert venue: police
"Paris attacks are the entirely predictable consequence of funding, training and arming Sunni extremists in Syria and Libya for years."
We must stop meddling. We took war to the Middle East, fed the bad guys and now they are attacking us here. 
"Paris: How the US Aggressively Pursued Regime Change in Igniting a Sunni Terrorist Bloodbath  "At least 39 dead tonight in Paris terror atacks. 250k dead in Syria; Iraq. Both a direct result of US, UK, France feeding Sunni extremists."
Cambridge 'safe space' used to ban reportage on Assange free speech talk   
Following WikiLeaks leaks (the big brother of, has pulled out of the treaty negotiations Welcoming NATO Sec gen to Sweden, now dinner with Prime Minister Löfven Sweden has the first feminist government in the World. Follow our work for gender equality:   Australia a US aircraft carrier: -   
See both at 
addresses Freedom of Speech at the Cambridge Union  More: 
shows Collateral Murder at Cambridge Union  Will they censor it as Oxford Union did? 
What is the connection between Aaron Swartz's death and the Boston crackdown?  "Generation trauma: Rise of 'trigger warnings', 'microaggressions'; 'safe spaces' supports a climate of censorship "South park on the latest censorship fad, 'safe spaces':  Actually so-called 'feminists' have tried to ban Assange from speaking multiple times.
WikiLeaks references to Most wanted CIA connected Australian criminal found living under cover in the US 
"CIA's bank fugitive found. A lot of traffic, see the hashtag.",,,Look at how well has learned the tricks of the Kremlin-obsessed US press  
is in knots this morning about Edward as its marketing and intelligence sectors clash 
"New Book 'Shadow' based in part on WikiLeaks Kissinger Cables 
See PLUSD: 
"Generation trauma: The rise of 'trigger warnings', 'microaggressions'; 'safe spaces'.  trashing; .saying they are worse than NavyYard gunman Already Saudi-Arabia has used it to infiltrate proposed UN regulation of speech to ban 'blasphemy' 
The generation trauma fad is pro-censorship which impedes our work.
It's US centric with some spill over to UK. Freudian notions of psychological trauma have been big in the US for years.
Which Anon accouns?
Hello world! This is the official account for Logan Symposium. Save the date! 11-12 March 2016, bcc Berlin.…"
"Generation trauma: The rise of 'trigger warnings', 'microaggressions'; 'safe spaces'.  
"Objectivity is recognising one's bias and countering it with professional standards, not (1/2)"
"an impossible goal, but a way of not bilking your audience, e.g by making false claims about Einstein. (2/2)"
Keep proving our case. You falsely claim objectivity but suppositions and insults show you have none.
Works here. Try again?
"We exposed Scientology while you were still producing sexploitation films, Alex: 
"Yes. You did. Any everywhere you do, we're going to clobber you and your pseudo-documentary mill."
Getting nervous? Can't sustain a fight on the facts? Just like your work: 
Correct. WikiLeaks has outed hundreds of forgery and corruption cases 
How Alex Gibney twisted the Lance Armstrong story - by the journalist who broke it  More: 
Look who put in charge of the detention 'negotiation':  
1.Assange has already been cleared. 2 He has not been charged 3. The woman says the police made it up. Rest is detail.
Yes. They will graduate with these ideas and eventually enter into position sof policy and media influence.
"Supercomputers used for nuclear, missile, sub; aircraft design and mass spying reveal size of the arms/intel sector 
"Comparing 'superpowers': Top 100 super computers: US 34, China 7, Russia 1 
WikiLeaks.
"Pro-censorship youth culture continues to take over US, UK universities. This time, Yale:  
No surprise. Obama Admin is the most closed government in US history: 
Please do a program on our response and tweet our analysis 
Nothing whatsoever. Gibney's just smarting about being outed as a fraud: 
UK moves to legalise and expand mass surveilance: the juicy bits  New Zealand moves to reform its intelligence agencies after being caught illegally spying on for the US Sources say the U.S. government was not happy about the founder speaking at the conference. When founder Julian Assange met Google chairman Eric Schmidt  
We haven't endorsed the BBC although we've worked with them.
What's principled about falsely attacking your leader and a political refugee the US wants destroyed?
Aussie intelligence leaker walks in footsteps of 'hero cops jail sentence. 
"How is it that in a five hour interview you managed to avoid the FRA, WikiLeaks, Assange and Harrison entirely?"
If Snowden leaked this, critics would flip. Since it's ""US officials,"" no one says a word.  We are pleased to announce and welcome CIA whistleblower to our advisory board! 
Look who put in charge of the detention:  Arundhati Roy on and politics.  via 
Incredible. Look who appointed to 'negotiate' over with  Official report - ""highly probable"" Pablo murdered:  US cables:  Arundhati Roy on meeting and with Disgraceful: British Police use anti-terrorism powers to detain UK volunteers taking aid to Calais refugee camp  
The propaganda press: CBS calls Chelsea Manning a 'convicted spy' 
"Nick Clegg, condensed: I kept secret the fact that everyone in the UK was spied on for years. Now support this bill giving spies more power."
Only 'tiny handful' of ministers knew of mass surveillance, Clegg reveals Release of agreed text confirms deal will further delay price-lowering generic competition We want your expertise: Can you help us analyse the Trans-Pacific Partnership? 
TPP's final text confirms it. An undemocratic process leads to rotten rules that trample our rights:
China assessing effects of agreement: Ministry of Commerce  
"The US strategy to create a new global legal and economic system: 
Correct. It permits Microsoft et al to litigate in a pro-corporate tribunal and hence risk millions in costs.
London Mayoral candidate MP on detention 
Government mandate of FOSS will be taken for TPP countries and litigated. Chile et al will fold under costs.
China is not a party. The point is to stop the spread of Latin American mandated OS standards for gov and education.
Latin America generally is moving to mandate OS in government and education. TPP splits LatAm standards integration.
A number of Latin America states are parties. TPP blocks the spread of mandated OS in those countries and in others.
"i.e all government purchases. Latin America is instituting standards to require open-source. China, also.",,,How Julian Assange Became a Movie at the Jihlava International Documentary Film Festival - Nonfics 
That's correct.,,,Remember as asserts contingencies of is for purposes of counter-terrorism that …,,,The full text of the TPP is out. This line suggests China won't be joining any time soon.  
Wow! Amazing headline from Salon. ""Michael Moore's best doc yet"" - Full article here:  "launches major attack on open-source with this NSA-friendly anti-open source provisionSoon dinner w John Day, Head of UK Joint Intelligence Committee JIC. Will continue our disc from London last week."
protest over Assange 5-year detention without charge sees UK govenment threats  "Live Camera for gathering in London, Trafalgar Square this evening  ""Free free Julian Assange"" 
If you are looking for a near you, check the map: 
November 5th.",,,Help us spread this message! account from the hospital in needs to be heard.  
final text includes 'NSA friendly' provision burried in Telecommunications Chapter  PRESS RELEASE: Million Mask March 2015  "NYTimes front page today claims that thanks to the Vietnam will now follow the But Vietnam is already in the The fails to mention 'climate change' in the Environment Chapter  
"Two years after began releasing docs, govt finally releases full TPP text. 
"Full ""confirms 'worst nightmares' of environmental groups""  
More: 
"FULL final released 
More:  "Review of The Files: ""an extremely coherent account of the way in which the US empire functions"" 
Video: Despair and Defiance - in Conversation with Julian Assange  "International community, military have responsibility for assisting proposed Sri-Lanka war crimes court 
UK Mayoral candidate on, Julian  ".on TPP TTIP, ""Only through WikiLeaks do we have any idea of what is being planned."" 
It appears that House of Card's 'Doug' met with Sweden at the White House yesterday  
Well spotted.
Chelsea Manning writes 129 page mass surveillance reform bill from prison Constructive negotiations started today with my State Secretary colleague from Ecuador on an agreement on mutual legal assist…
Meetings in London on counter terrorism, cyber security, intelligence work etc ( lunching w Labour friends!)"
I sooo long for Hillary as President! With leading her campaign, the prospect is great! 
Been at the famous, secret COBRa room where UK ministers meets during crises. Our two countries has a lot to share on crises …",,,In the White House meeting Obama's. Cybersecurity Coordinator M Daniel 
"""WikiLeaks4India"" misusing name to create communal tension  It is a fraud and you have no legal or moral rights to impersonate us and opportunistically attempt to profit from our name,,,on planting questions to interview:  
;acted in concert against; journalists: Ex-terror laws watchdog (who vowed to arrest  in bed w/ ex-chief: 
From to Bragging lawyer reveals too much in CV  
"We confirm that ""is using our name without permission to stir up tensions between and "US House passes bill to go after 'insider threats' (i.e government whistleblowers) citing 
"Who works with Blair, defended; BAE Saudi bribes and tried to extradite  
"See what the head of told three years ago. Did it check out?  " See the head of told three years ago. Did it check out?  Today is world The UN minimum standard for prisoners is one hour a day of sunlight. Many of the HRC emails were heavily redacted, including one about; another about  
"re CBS: ""Too bad they're showcasing Try making lemonade out of some pretty sour lemons!"" Sweden 'facing collapse' due to mass influx of - Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom  
False: 
"Entertaining, accuate film covers life in 
That's doing your job within the context of Obama's crackdown on the press. Many people have also done thei job.
Obama has charged more sources with espionage than all previous presidents combined. Not an environment we created.
CAGE Outreach Director and former Guantanamo detainee, 
The FBI took your server for five years in an unlawful DoJ investigation. Turn your ire to the FBI+DOJ.What does this have to do with us?
"US uses UK as its man in the EU. Without the UK, EU will politically integrate and eventually check US power."
"US threatens UK with sanactions should it vote to leave the EU  
More: 
Australian intelligence whistleblower who used 4chan rather than WikiLeaks  and was caught as a result pleads guilty How long until UK govt makes 'civil litigation settlement' w/  Shaker Aamer Gulfstream IV stream GITMO transport jet registered to Well Farago Bank cover  
Assange has not been charged with breaching bail and is formally detained. More: 
"Classified allegations against Shaker were not ""leaked on the internet"" they were published by WikiLeaks: 
Shaker Aamer's classified Guantanamo file:  More  
How you have the gall to opportunistically jump onto the Shaker bandwagan after opposing due process rights for years?
"He has not been charged, has already been cleared and has won his political asylum case: 
"LIVE: Guantanamo jet with 13 year UK detainee Shaker Aamer just landed in the UK 
More:  
"It's safe for you complain about the US. But the UK detains people without charge for years, including our editor, Julian Assange"
"In the UK many have been detained without charge for years, including our editor, Julian Assange. 
Our editor Julian Assange has been detained without charge by the UK for over five years. Does he have to wait 13 like SA?
"The UK has kept our editor detained without charge for over five years. Does he have to wait 13, also? 
UN calls for protection of twitter journalists  (.doc) compare with our submission (.pdf): 
LIVE: Shaker Guantanamo flight lands in London in 21 minutes  More:  
Background to Shaker Aamer by his lawyer Gareth Peirce (who is also primary UK lawyer) 
LIVE track: Shaker Aamer flight from Guantanamo arrives in 38 minutes  More: 
"LIVE track: UK detainee Shaker Aamed flight from Guantanamo  
More:  
Iraq war inquiry report has been detained without charge almost as long as 
"Iraq inquiry: Secret cable shows that UK ""put measures in place"" to ""protect"" US  The privacy intrusions in my case and in the case of journalist Nicky Hager have one thing in common. No warrants. Ex SAS soldier Ben Griffin commentary Wikileaks 'Collateral Murder' video Iraq 2007  More: Ji.hlava celebrates creative subversion: Masha of shares the stage w/ Julian via 
US threatens UK with sanactions should it vote to leave the EU 
Why was the Ferrum College admissions department's email among those listed in CIA Director John Brennan's emails? Includes first statements from and my EU legal team. Lauri Love: “I'm in the awkward position of facing dire consequences for not being guilty enough” 
"Assange discusses The WikiLeaks Files, increased covert police operations around embassy  See My review of 'The World According to US Empire' by from the Oct mag is now online: 
Audio: Julian interviewed on (starts at 1:15:15) 
Another quality headline from CNN  Police in UK use a *Terrorism law* - same one used to detain - to seize BBC journalist's laptop 
Rogue Pentagon, Rayethon hid previous break-aways from public:  
Live Now: Julian on Listen here: 
"Pennsylvania Governor says escaped military blimp has now been ""contained"" 
More: 
"20,000people now without power as giant US military spy-blimp goes rogue  
More: 
More than 20,000 without power amid report blimp hit power lines, PPL Electric says.  
"brochure: ""There are procedures; systems in place designed to bring the aerostat down in a safe manner."" 
Stay tuned, after 8am we have Julian Assange on the phone Fighter jets hunt giant military spy blimp trailing a mile of broken cable over US  More: 
It's happened before: WikiLeaks docs on runaway giant spy-blimp  Sri-Lanka war-crimes commission cites WikiLeaks cables 57 times in final report  
"Video: speaking on and  More: More: 
"chief 'outraged' by WikiLeaks emails -- but relaxed about murder, spying, torture  More: WikiLeaks: Current head had recent 'mental health' issue and was accused of 'disingenuous' behavior over tender 
Is 'strategic depopulation' a factor in the EU-refugee crisis?  More:  "Actually, this is a terrible documentary."
.Melbourne show was to incl lego portraits of Michael Kirby, Geoffrey Robertson; Julian Assange 
"Glenn Greenwald savages BBC over coverage 
More: 
"There are a great many. Anti-imperialist MP George Galloway was even no-platformed as a 'rape applogist"" for defending Assange."
CIA chief's hacked email: Pakistan uses militant proxies against India
"She wouldn't have spoken without approval, so it is presumably a recruiting drive."
cable on US/fall-out over emb. security  after Granville murder  What was the angle?If you missed 'Digital Dissidents', you can catch up this week  U.S. Military Used Christian NGO as Front for North Korea Espionage 
"CIA chief John Brennan ""is behind the witch hunts of investigative journalists""  
30minute interview with Julian including on the strategic depopulation of Syria  RELEASE: CIA chief John Brennan emails -- day three  
New UN report on the protection of whistleblowers by   compare w/ our submission: 
"What was director John Brennan emailing ""hottie_200518about?  
Everyone who uses the internet is a victim of US govt spying says Julian Assange, tonight on 
Monday on meet the 'Digital Dissidents' blowing the whistle on government surveillance around the globe.Video: speaking at Foro Nacional de Cultura Digital in Argentina Wikileaks has published a ""torture letter"" found in the emails of CIA Director John Brennan:  
"New UN Report: Governments, international organizations failing to protect whistleblowers and sources 
"""De voorzitter van is het geheime wapen van via  
Assange: ""De CEO van Google is het geheime wapen van Hillary Clinton""  
LAST HOUR OF VOTING:
Do you agree that the Union should host Julian Assange via videolink on November 11th at 7pm? 
Current head had recent 'mental health' issue and was accused of 'disingenuous' behavior over corporate tender 
For your reference 
"hearing: When not trying to shift blame to WikiLeaks, Hillary appears determined to blame Amb. Stevens for his own death.""Oligarch controlled media move against our ace Bulgarian partners, the 'WikiLeaks' of Bulgaria, "CIA head parody video takes on new meaning with this week's  
More: 
RELEASE: CIA chief John Brennan emails -- day two  
RELEASE: CIA chief John Brennan emaills day two  ANNOUNCE: We will release day two of our series on CIA chief John Brennan's emails shortly. "exposes Chief's emails on torture,  -More:  Tell us more. Where is this from? Is there a recording/transcript somewhere?
CIA head's company The Analysis Corp (TAC) found to be incompetent and misleading by  
CIA director Brennan's private company The Analysis Corp (TAC) found to be deeply incompetent and misleading by CIA 
CIA head Brennan's email reveals that CIA watchlist had grown to 1.8 million by 2005  More: CIA chief's emails exposed: Key things we learned from WikiLeaks' Brennan dump  
"Tomorrow we continue our chief John Brennan email series, including on US strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan.Now we can understand why the OPM hack was so serious: 
Really Alerting readers to our valuable pending publications is a service and a good one. It is not a 'threat'.Secret feud between current CIA head's private company and the CIA  
CIA chief John Brennan's security clearance application  
RELEASE: CIA chief's Iran playbook for incoming Obama  
RELEASE: CIA chief torture expansion proposal  
RELEASE: CIA Director John Brennan emails  
ANNOUNCE: We have obtained the contents of CIA Chief John Brennan's email account and will be releasing it shortly.It's been a dog of a plane for years.
Do tell.
Seumas has a history of brave reporting. This is a good move by WikiLeaks on continuing Swedish government ban  (archive)  Let us. SIDA's constitution was changed to help it promote Sweden's wars. 
So political refugees with massive espionage cases against who are villified by statist press daily are privilleged. Right. "The SPA made the prelimary investigation public in violation of it. Swedish press then violated their ""ethics"""
The law is a regulation that governs the behavior of the Swedish Prosecution Authority.
"Stockholm Internet ""Freedom"" Forum: Swedish Foreign Ministry prevents Snowden's invitation  (archive)"
Cierco: Swedish government has been denying representatives of access to Stockholm Internet Forum   You are funded by and have been campaigning against WikiLeaks and Assange for years Proof: 
"have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF forever " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years " have been politically blacklisted from SIF for years "Why has; been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has; been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why has and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? " Why have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? "Why have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since its inception? Why have and been politicalled blacklisted from SIF since its conception? Why have and been politicalled blacklisted from SIF since its conception? "Sweden's government pushes narrative, used to promote at this year's Dangerous: 
SIDA's has campaigned against WL+Assange for years. No wonder is a problem 
Would you like us to publish an analysis of SIDA's co-option of gender to fuel the war in Afghanistan?
Sweden has such a law. It was broken in the Assange case by the government. So the question is for who will this be enforced?
"Over 60,000 Crytome spying-related documents have been added to WikiLeaks search 
"The combination of the two, a belief in tweets that make you feel bad causing permanent physical damage."
"Freudianism led to a belief in bad feelings causing traumatic mental damage. Brainism, physical damage."
UK establishment seeks media ban on naming sex suspects before charge after UK Lords emboiled in pedo allegations 
"Swedish gov's Stockholm Internet ""Freedom"" Forum is on again. It always bans Assange, Snowden. Theme this year: ""gender violence online""."
The account has been run by a rotating staff for years.
Yu are aware the blacklisting was so bad last year that there were literally boycotts and protests by invitees
Assange would have also provided balance to talk about Sweden's co-option of the gender narrative.
"False. WikiLeaks, Assange and Snowden have literally been on a blacklist. Where's Sarah Harrison this year?",,,Who else is still politically blacklisted from attending along with and others associated with For some handy quotes see (maintained by WikiLeaks journalist Sarah Harrison wins Willy Brandt Prize for Politlcal Courage 
Possibly but also perhaps thanks to the individual journalists.,,,UK prevented Swedish efforts to interview Julian Assange has been PM for five minutes and he just cancelled canada's Joint Strike Fighter buy:  Stephen Harper is out. Justin Trudeau (the son of the former PM) is in. What were the US predictions? 
Behold the generation tasked to save democracy from mass surveillance [in this case Cambridge students] Julian Assange lawyers may launch new appeal in light of published emails 
lawyers may launch new appeal against extradition in light of UK emails  More: confidant Sarah Harrison receives prize for 'exceptional political courage' 
WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison SPD Willy Brandt Prize acceptance speech full text:  audio: 
"PA: UK gov responds to today's extradition revelations "WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison: SPD ehrt Snowden-Vertraute für ""politischen Mut"" 
'Rede von Sarah Harrison 4. Internationaler Willy Brandt Preis (englischer Originalton)' 
“What they are doing in reality is making choose between his asylum and getting medical treatment"" UK prevented Swedish efforts to interview Julian   
"ANNOUNCE: WikiLeaks Cryptome search. Search 60,824 spying related documents. 
Sarah Harrison has just received the prestigious  more: 
Day b4 interrogation to begin Marianne still hunting around for her application  
"Says ""Former UK government lawyer"" 
Interested in the facts and the docs? See  
Personal Vendetta. The person concerned was a WikiLeaks intern for 3 weeks in 2010 and was caught committing an unethical act.
Mega-scoop on case after UK-Sweden FOIA docs released.   More: 
Generalized conspiracy as well. So they can pick anything else.,,,UK advised Sweden to refuse to question in UK (customary process) to deliberately disadvantage his defence 
Julian Assange expresses ""shock"" at UK authorities' involvement in extradition fight  
More:  
"Press Association actually, but Guardian did take the PA story."
See for several quotes we've found in the docs,,,And ol' clever clogs ran rings around the Press - I thought all CPS lawyers were 'boring and technical'. 
UK resisted Julian Assange's offer to be questioned in London, emails reveal 
"UK resisted Julian Assange's offer to be questioned in London, emails reveal 
More: See "New UK government docs show UK admitting corrupt handling of extradition
More:  
So, this is how the lovely, impartial UK Crown Prosecution handles the 
"New FOIA: Sweden to UK 
More:  
FCO minister ""frustrated"" not interviewed in UK  But CPS behind decision against it 
"""do not think that the case is being dealt with as just another extradition"" - UK to Sweden on 2011 
Looks like it.
Sweden privately admitted Assange interview failure was their fault    
"New Assange docs: UK ambassador in secret meeting with Swedish prosecutor
More:  
"New Assange FOIA show that Sweden gave permission for Assange to leave country.
More:  
"UK gov to Sweden ""No question"" that Assange will be arrested should he seek treatment for a medical condition. 
New Assange docs show what prosecution knew. More:  
UK to Sweden: don't interview 'It would prove you have no case' More:  
Mega-scoop on case after UK-Sweden FOIA docs released.  more discovery: 
Mega-scoop on case after UK-Sweden FOIA docs released. article:  docs:  Five years confined: New FOIA documents shed light on the Julian case  Background: 
Please stop using our logo. It confuses people.,,,Isn't it time to free Assange and lock up Cameron? 
"How the will affect video games 
More: 
The facts are leaked on Wikileaks, the TPP is not a good deal for Saskatchewan. 
Which library and why?
Review: The WikiLeaks Files (Israel-Palestine angle) This is the only textbook you need on America's foreign policy. Whistleblowers Face Long Prison Sentences Under Obama:  
BBC reports on Royal Family celebrations  (audio DPRK),,,Wikileaks online documents show U.S. predicted Stephen Harper minority government in 2006  
costos que beneficios 
will make unlocking or jail-breaking your phone illegal  
"WikiLeaks; Assange: The Numbers (at day 1000)
More:  
Why the is bad for journalism  
UK: We will arrest Assange even if his doctors try to use a mobile MRI truck for tests 
Watch and discuss The Drone Papers at 8 a.m. ET:  
"Assange calls on UN for ""absolute protection"" of sources for tweeters, bloggers and other online media 
What does this tell us about the state of global media? 
WikiLeaks was the only media organization to make a submission to the UN for its Protection of Sources inquiry 
"Sydney, Tomorrow: ""Despair and Defiance"" event with and Julian 
'UK and Sweden are clearly violating international law' - lawyer  more: 
UK: We will arrest Assange even if he tries to use a mobile MRI truck  More: AFL-CIO boss demands Obama release secret trade deal text immediately:  Chelsea Manning sues FBI over access to records in WikiLeaks case 
Background to today's diplomat spat between UK, Ecuador over Assange hospital safe passage  
EU mission in Washington DC retracts anti-Assange statements 
Why is the EU spreading false anti-Assange propaganda in Washington DC?  (note the PR officer used to work for UK)
"He is not charged, has already been cleared and the woman said the police made it up. 
Police: would be arrested if he left embassy to visit hospital  
UK refuses hospital visit for MRI and diagnosis  
BREAKING: Assange legal team issues press release on UK medical refusal with updated info Forced to choose between the human rights to asylum, to medical treatment: UK refuse doctor request 
Assange did not seek asylum 'to avoid extradition to Sweden' He sought - and won - asylum in relation to the US grand jury.
UK Denies Hospital Tests for Julian Despite Doctor's Recommendation It is unprecedented conduct in asylum cases. Cruelty by UK government redefined
Good question.,,,Ever sneakily downloaded a TV show or movie? Now's the time to be scared. Very scared.  New comic in Asterix series to feature Julian Assange character 
BREAKING: UK refuses hospital visit for MRI and diagnosis  Retweet this until it breaks. Then retweet it again. We need this all over the Internet now.  htt…
See 
UN group: To protect women from 'violence online' the world needs lots of internet censorship BREAKING: UK refuses hospital visit for MRI and diagnosis 
UK refuses hospital visit for MRI and diagnosis  More: 
Ecuador announces that needs an MRI due to severe pain since June but UK has refused safe passage to hospital. See Classified CIA plan to exploit concern for women to shore up support for war in Afghanistan  (archive)"Has modern 'feminism' become a reactionary vehicle for state censorship, repression and war? 
"Has modern 'feminism' become reactionary vehicle for state censorship, repression and war? 
"Empire: Unchanging motives, changing means 
Ecuador Foreign Minister UK should give safe passage to Ecuador Jennifer Lawrence writes new article on gender pay gap using WikiLeaks Sony Files  UK Police Chief: public discontent behind removal of visible police from embassy siege 
That's why we put it in quotes. A many calling themselves 'feminists' campaign for extreme censorship and imprisonment.
Policeman comes home from siege  More: 
Has 'feminism' become a reactionary vehicle for to push state interests such as censorship and imprisonment? 
Scotland Yard chief: public outrage over 'disproportionate' siege drove changes  
See 
"Fundador do WikiLeaks, Julian Assange vira personagem de Asterix "He is formally a refugee. If you insist on digging yourself into a open and shut libel case, read 
"Full interview with ace investigative reporter Nicky Hager  discusses protecting sources, spying and He won his asylum case and has been formally recognized as a refugee under the 1951 convention. 
They're just misinformed by UK tabloids. 
"Being a refugee, stripped of your passport, detained without charge; spied on for years in a siege is now 'privillege'."
"The WikiLeaks Files hits best selling book at Foyles 
"What happens when you title an event ""Does modern feminism have a problem with free speech”? 
"WikiLeaks doc shows how tried to spin media coverage of executions  
More: 
We expect you to retweet and link to our reply  and Women Against Rape 
We expect you to retweet and link to what Women Against Rape say 
We expect you to retweet and link to our right of reply. 
UK surveillance siege against has cost more than the Chilcot and Westminster iniquries put together 
'Stepford student' culture threatens free speech  More: 
UK spies get power to spy on parliamentarians in major power grab 
Oscar winning documentary maker Laura Poitras on her forthcoming Julian asylum series 
"AFP: New with character based on 'Confoundtheirpolitix' goes on sale, Oct 22. 
Clinton says the recently negotiated deal ""did not meet my standards"" Here's how the candidates feel about it How the Trans-Pacific Partnership could drive up the cost of medicine worldwide  The deal is about protecting old companies rather than supporting dynamic innovation 
Opinion: Dear media, There's no reason to celebrate the TPP  viaLib Senator Bill Heffernan blasts Trade Minister over secrecy denying 'contest of ideas'  viaWhite Hat Hackers Would Have Their Devices Destroyed Under the TPP: 
It's this simple. To save the Internet, we have to
-Jennifer Lawrence writes on Hollywood gender pay gap after reading WikiLeaks Sony Files Listen back to the full interview with Julian Assange from  
Freed Canadian Journalist Slams Stephen Harper for 'Abandoning' Him in Egyptian Prison 
Julian interview on police siege, the WikiLeaks Files book (audio)  More: 
Nov 2014: 'Policing is a National Security matter'  
New character 'Wiklix' 
Manning sues FBI which has blocked release of records under the excuse of the pending prosecution of Assange 
siege: This obscene tax spend against a public figure who hasn't even been charged was ordered by the Cameron government.
"siege: As we've said for years, there is an significant covert effort. This covert effort is now admitted: 
siege: £12.6 million over 3.3 years at £23k per police hire = 164 full time equivallent police spend.  (1/2)
UK's Women Against Rape denounce corruption in Assange case  More: Asterix to team up with Assange-like character in new comic Five Facts About  
The Assange police siege has not ended. Most money has been on covert operations and UK states this will increase 
21million later in Assange siege UK police exchange visible police for an increase in the number of covert police 
The police cordon cost the equivalent of 100 full-time police officers. It was the longest police siege--ever. 
"The Met police siege of the embassy was never ""proportionate"". It is an aberration, like the unlawful banking blockade against Wikileaks."
Pizza deliveries+taxis to the airport for are an in-joke that started in Aug 2012.  
At no time during the siege has delivered food been ordered. It is a high stakes embassy siege. Think.
It was not permitted into the embassy.
What do you expect from UK media retards.
"No. It's a fabricated story, like so many from London. No doubt the pizza ordered by a UK 'journalist' down on his luck."
WikiLeaks spokesman comments on siege news 
5media myths about the Assange siege 
"No, NYTimes+AP, Assange not ""been holed up since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden."" he has been granted political asylum vis the US."
No. It did not. And no-one at the embassy ordered a pizza. Apparently a journalist did so they could write that dumb story.
UK admits what we have been saying for years. It has covert surveillance units operating against Assange 
Background to today's breaking Assange police siege news:  
You are referring to a well known campaigner against WikiLeaks. For fully cited analysis See 
How to avoid a libel suit when writing about the Assange siege: 
Assange has NOT BEEN charged. PA puts itself and all its customers at a severe libel risk by making false claims 
The reason why the UK replaced its visible police siege with a covert one: the UN is about to rule on the case: Media frenzy as Dominos pizza delivered to Ecuadorian embassy - could it be an Assange special? 
Background to today's breaking Assange news:  
The Ecuadorian ambassador is at the UK Foreign Office after being summoned to discuss Julian More: 
Media accuracy: Assange has not been charged. How many times does it have to be said? UPDATE: responds to removal of officers around  
BREAKING: UK police announce extra covert efforts against Assange after spending £12m  More: 
Cambridge 'Assange referendum' saga continues  More: 
.Gov is ""forum shopping"":; in 1) most conservative US ct 2) that cnvctdHuge internal fight at Cambridge Union over allowing Julian Assange to speak  - Bonus pic: 
"The case was not tried by jury. You fasely stated it was. Now, you fasely imply it involved TS docs."
No jury and the case is on appeal. Big man slandering a 5'2 incarcerated geek who can't reply.
"worth noting that Oliver Mosley worked for the Undersecretary of State for Prisons, Crispin Buint MP, a Tory, through 2013",,,How could 10yr old child be held in Guantanamo for 17 months without a word of protest from US allies? Shame on all 
.on the leaked copy of the TPP text found on Wikileaks. 
Please update your article in light of: 
Is this the first time a potential speaker has gone to referendum in 200 years?
Hi Hesham. The issue is the use of 'trial' and 'refused'. He is not wanted for trial. He isn't even charged.
"Interesting article. We'd like to retweet it, but it has some errors. See 
"Does NATO's Outgoing Head Have Kurdish Skeletons in His Closet?
Cambridge to hold referendum on whether to ban from talking, melts down  response: 
Twitter account outs UK journalists from the Oxbridge old boys club  Also: 
EFF: The Final Leaked Text is All That We Feared  More: 
What do Julian Assange, Edward Snowden and I have in common? Same prosecutor. Same court. Same rigged game. Israel is 'trying to stop us from covering the events' Journalist Essam al-Reemawi  
Full extract of WikiLeaks Files book chapter now free online  
Sweden explicity states that a decision to try has not been taken. So CSU is gone on both 
The Supreme court of the UK has explicity stated that Assange has not been charged 
Very serious libel risk with the Union falsely stating that Assange has been charged and is wanted for trial.,,,We can confirm that a referendum of our membership will be held on Oct 22nd on whether to host Julian Assange on Nov 11…
Mobbing kills: Student 17 hanged himself after being falsely accused of rape 
The global strategy  "Lawfare: Edward Julian Assange; assigned to same US prosecutor CANT MAKE IT UP: has now been for AND against the 3 biggest trade deals of the last 20 years 
Leaked TPP text shows trade officials caved to Hollywood, agreeing to a 20-year copyright term extension and weak user protections."
Have you seen this? Heute 20:30 im Supernerds Lesung! Iviews mit u.a. "Full extract of WikiLeaks Files chapter now online  
Book:  
"release of deal text confirms 'freedom of expression' fears  
More: 
'TPP would cost lives': WikiLeaks unveils full intellectual property chapter 
"It's from our book, The WikiLeaks Files. The author is also highly regarded."
"Media sites using leaked (""copyrighted"") docs will be pushed out of a dozen countries due to pending treaty 
Internet Providers would be forced to block filesharing sites under  Some groups disappointed by Canada cave-in on IPS takedown issues. Special pleading by Big Pharma distorts provisions in the TWN on 
Audio: Julian discusses the ongoing US case against on raises reward for details on  
"Leaked agreement applies the to just about everything   
More: 
treaty introduces extensive monopoly rights over seeds, plants 
treaty: TPP Transition Periods on Pharmaceutical Intellectual Property Rules 
treaty: Pharmaceutical provisions analysis WikiLeaks Reveals How US Aggressively Pursued Regime Change in Igniting a Bloodbath  
"RELEASE: Final secret treaty on the internet, films, music, books, drugs, patents  NEW: How Stands To Significantly Boost U.S. Power In Asia-Pacific Region, by 
Press release: Publication of Complete, Final IP Text Confirms Pact Would Put Medicines Out of Reach ht…"
"The stealthy, Google backed startup behind Hillary's campaign  
"Canada Caves on Copyright in Commits to Longer Term, Urge ISPs to Block Content  "RELEASE: final treaty on the internet, copyrights, drugs  China's huge domestic market gives it ammunition against the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal  New Zealand able to get a transition period on copyright term in - delayed by 8 years. Canada simply caved to US pressure.
As expected, Canada caved on copyright term extension in Will lock out public domain for decades. 
"'If ratified, would cost lives': director on release of finalized TPP IP chapter 
Done:  
New chapter of secret deal, limiting access to medicine and IP, unveiled by  publishes the final TPP Intellectual Property Chapter  "was finalized Monday after years. Wikileaks obtained, constructed an international team, analysed and released it today. WikiLeaks secret final text reveals new constraints on generic drugs   
RELEASE: Four expert analyses of the final secret text just released (see bottom of page)  "RELEASE: final negotiated text covering the internet, copyrights, patents, drugs  
RELEASE: final negotiated text - IP chapter  
"WikiLeaks raising $50,000 reward for Kunduz airstrike evidence   
Have you pledged yet? 
WikiLeaks cable shows US deliberately pushing Assad government into a paranoid crackdown  US waging 'lawfare' in bid to control the world  Ofrece recompensa por evidencia del al de  
WikiLeaks cables shed light on 
We fought the law and we won. The VISA+MasterCard folded under litigation and Paypal under threat of litigation.
The MSF Hospital US airstrike is preceeded by another US massacre in  Report: 
"Standards Power: The New Geopolitical Battle "Why Is US Refusing An Independent Probe Into the Hospital Bombing In 
Reward: AC-130 warplanes record the gunner's video and audio. It's time to release the tapes to an We have a perfect record for verifiction accross more than 10 million published documents and nine years of operation.
attack cannot be brushed aside as a mere mistake 
"ANNOUNCE: US$50,000 reward for Hospital bombing film  
"ANNOUNCE: US$50,000 reward for Hospital bombing film  
An Interview With Julian Assange covering the 181 kill AC-130 'Medusa Massacre' in Kandahar  "An AC-130 was also involved in Afghanistan's Operation Medusa Massacre (181 kills, no prisoners) 
Brilliant.,,,DOD asked Purdue to unpublish a video of my keynote at the conference. Purdue wiped it. My thoughts: 
See also: 
other coverup--US contractor pedophiles 
"Julian Assange compares his situation to extradition case; says the US gov is engaged in ""lawfare"" 
"Julian talks to Radio NZ about his new book, and the  Assange on the extradition case and the  Further info: book,  US case:  UK case: 
In case you missed it, you can find our interview with founder here: 
We're going to live-tweet founder Julian Assange talking to which is starting now. 
massacre was likely a war crime even under the US military's own Rules of Engagement   
massacre: US military flowchart for close air support  Why the U.S. bombing the hospital was probably a war crime:  
Triggering the AC-130 Op Medusa massacre was the killing of a US soldier. Wanton vengence in Kunduz is possible.
"Assange on the earlier suppressed AC-130 massacre in Afghanistan ""Operation Medusa"" which killed at least 181 people 
"More details on ""Operation Medusa"" the largest single AC-130 kill even tin Afghanistan 
An AC-130 was also responsible for the largest combat massacre+coverup in Afghanistan (181 kills) 
US AC-130 attack on in Afghanistan. 948 WikiLeaks references to other AC-130 incidents 
"EU military spox ""repeatedly avoiding direct questions"", ""sidestepped each question""  More: 
The Julian case: a mockery of extradition? 
Background to Putin's Actions in Syria and the UN 
The threatens digital rights, internet freedom, and privacy 
"US denies plot against continues investigation 
Guardian, Israel: Revealing Hillary Clinton email on Jonathan Freedland  
"October 17: Julian to join at event, University of Sydney  """Stop Sending Me Jonathan Franzen Novels"" - US political prisoner Barrett Brown reviews Purity 
Revealing Hillary Clinton email from Sydney Bluemanthal on the Guardian's Jonathan Freedland  See I just bought: 'The WikiLeaks Files: The World According to US Empire' by Julian Assange via 
Accidental honesty from the on the  "There is a narrower, but still excellent article from the WTO-Indian perspective in The Wire 
Hi SS. We would very much like to hear your opinion since you often have interesting thoughts on strategy.What is the BJP going to do about the strategic US attack on economy?  More 
WikiLeaks cables show plot to overthrow government predates Arab Spring 
WikiLeaks cables show Washington backing of regime change is a major problem 
"Putin warns UN; could completely ""disintegrate"" the global economy  More: 
"What is going to do about the attack on economy?  
More: 
"Assange on what the means for the EU, BRICS and the world 
More:   "Who will benefit from the 
"White House: is better than using ""military intervention to protect private American commercial interests.' 
dispute system has been so heavily rigged by the US that it has never lost a case  courts are rigged to be controlled by US appointees  via WikiLeaks cables shed light on US foreign policy failures "Yes, you can think of this as an anti-Snowden or anti-Manning clause."
"Similarly, doing something 'right'. They're confining the definition, so staff can't argue later they did 'right'."
"From a lawyers point of view, they don't want staff refusing to do 'evil' things, getting fired and then suing over it."
"US government summary of the  Partisan, but it does show the enormous scope of the 
It is providing what the definition of 'the right thing' is.
"Google changes coduct code from:
""don't be evil"" 
to:He got his job cause he was Lockheed Martin's general counsel, then Bridgewater Associates' 
"How did FBI Director James Comey get his job? Called a 'traitor' on the BBC tonight, but is not charged with treason."
.reports uses the internet to manipulate reputations, online discourse.  
"Obama admin lobbied Sony execs to say ""positive things"" about reveals:  (archive)"
How Victory Unmasked Britain's Guardian - former Guardian reporter Jonathan Cook 
Ahead of spy bill BBC joins in attempt to shift blame for UK solider Lee Rigby's murder from incompetent MI5 spies to Facebook.
Ahead of spy bill BBC had joined in an attempt to shift blame for UK solider Lee Rigby's murder from incompetent MI5 spies to Facebook.
UK state TV 'interviews' in pro-spy effort ahead of parliamentry debate of spying powers in the UK 
"season 5 will have ISIS, Syria, Assange, Snowden. Last had 9 episodes of WikiLeaks conspiring with China, Russia, terrorists"
Bolivia launches Presidential coup/assassination investigation after revelations in The WikiLeaks Files book 
"Sierra Club - US congress should reject toxic, polluter-friendly deal:  More: 
How the was 'greenwashed' (archive)  
"What does today's mega-agreement mean for Americans?  
"11,030WikiLeaks publications on the 
What does today's mega-agreement mean for the world?  
The TPP environmental chapter is political 'Greenwashing' according to most experts 
to investigate US plans to topple, kill  
press conference in 25 minutes. Live stream:  More: 
media proxy war with  More: 
Seating for Ministerial is alphabetical, starting with Australia, but US in prime middle seat 
"US Trade live stream for pending press conference 
More: 
"Putin: could ""completely unbalance"" and ""disintegrate"" the global economy  More: 
and upset at treatment of intellectual property for a few hours  "TOP SECRET NSA intercept of EU, French trade heads castigating US for ""confrontation"" with (Aug, 2011) "WikiLeaks esta recaudando €100,000 por el secreto mas buscado de Europa  "What does the immiment mean for EU, China and the world? 
news conference delayed until 1800 EST.
deal reached according to reporter at meeting 
trade deal agreement announcement is imminent. Press Conference in Atlanta scheduled for 4 PM EST. 
Happy birthday party, plaza in Davis Sq., Somerville now 
turns nine years old today.
"US Defense Secretary: ""as important"" for encircling China as ""another aircraft carrier"" 
Reuters: Japanese economy minster says preparing news conference with expectation of announcing overall deal later today.
"negotiator: Get ready to ""swallow rats"" 
UK: Human rights are no longer a 'top priority' 
"Putin warns; could ""completely unbalance"" and ""disintegrate"" the global economy  
"Putin attacks at UN  More: 
Obama on the More:  
"negotiator: ""[We] are swallowing dead rats... to get this deal across the line.""  Highly likely the will be signed in the next few hours. press conference scheduled this afternoon. 
Where did you hear that? It's false.
As pressure to pass the mounts the White House decloaks Big rush on at ministerial to extend hotel rooms and rebook flights... This is going to go into Sunday...
"Indian view of the US 'anti-WikiLeaks' (or is it?) novel 'Purity' by 
Jonathan Franzen E-Mail to Hillary Assures Her State Dept. 'Planted' Questions With '60 Minutes' for Assange  
This weeks episode John Negroponte on and digital privacy 
"BRICS, WTO Members Should 'Multilateralize' Ex-EC Trade Head   Sweden's reputation tarnished as race attacks rise 
talks heading into Saturday  More: 
New government doc states planted government questions to shape interview. If true, sad to see. 
Hillary Documents Show US influence on WikiLeaks Narrative 
NDP won't be 'bound' by Pacific Rim trade deal, Tom Mulcair says  "Latest BBC (UK state broadcaster) ""comedy"" dissing WikiLeaks (starting 17:10)  More: 
Iraq demanded Germany stop encouraging migration from Iraq 
"What does the imminent deal mean for China, EU and the world?  Canada's opposition throws spanner into saying that it will not be bound by result due to imminent election 
'Final' negotiations have gone into 12 hour over time in with a difficult political calendar if no deal this weekend.,,,Ambassador, Ministers gathered in Atlanta for the Ministerial Video: Julian Assange on Technological Sovereignty in Latin America 
A western gov source makes this claim, also in US cables Sweden is also shown accepting Iraq refugees as part of its US war effort.
Is Syrian refugee take by Germany + Sweden a strategy to 'steal' the Syrian middle class hence propelling Assad regime collapse? (1/2)
It has the lowest employment integration for migrants of any european country on measure.
All we can say is that it is deeply imbeded in Sweden.
So you are making a racist attack on Arabs to defend Sweden from accuasions that Swedes are racist. Brilliant.
If looks like becoming PM ""that would release significant resources devoted to stopping him"" says 
You just fell for lobbying from the 'brand Sweden' marketing cult. 'negroballs' does not convey the offence.
Senior Swedish politician: 'nigger is a nigger and a Swede is a Swede' - the long history of Swedish racism 
American blacks are not welcome in Swedish bars 
The idomatic translation of 'neger balls' is closer to 'nigger balls' than 'negro balls' 
The idomatic translation of 'neger balls' is closer to 'nigger balls' than 'negro balls'. 
The UK and Saudi Arabia struck a 'secret deal' over the UN human rights council, according to new WikiLeaks cables 
'Secret deal' with secured UN Human Rights Council place - WikiLeaks Hillary Clinton-fronted DoS 'planted' own queries in CBS interview with Assange  
More on Hillary Clinton email claiming US gov 'planted' questions in Assange '60 Minutes' interview 
Swedish Doctors for Human Rights condemns alleged participation of Sweden in US drone assassination votes 
Assange on the Unspun Jeremy and NATO 
Hillary Clinton emails reveal how State Department shaped media coverage of WikiLeaks 
Hillary Clinton emails shows effort to quash story about WikiLeaks and Turkey 
"Hillary Clinton emails reveal attempts to place ""bounty"" on 
"Hillary, Assange, 60 Minutes. State Dept bragged about ""planting"" questions on Assange 
Email to Hillary Clinton Shows Effort to Quash Story About and Turkey  The Revolutionary Act Of Telling The Truth: On The Files 
"Hillary, Assange, 60 Minutes. TV tampering at the State Dept: Another great moment in the Clinton emails 
The TPP End Game and the Canadian Election 
Leg 1 of US strategic plan for a new grand enclosure of 1.6 billion people in final stretch  Former US President Jimmy Carter on  
"France threatens to walk away from saying a ""total lack of transparency"" poses a ""democratic problem"". More: 
Today 12 nations are meeting to sign the in - but what does it all mean? How could affect worldwide access to affordable meds? Stay informed.  Society of American Archivists opposes TPP's over-restrictive copyright provisions: 
Is this the best Hillary email of the lot? [4 days after WikiLeaks Cablegate started] ""And BTW what does 'fubar' mean?"" -- Hillary Clinton  
"Hillary Clinton email during WikiLeaks cable release asks: ""What does FUBAR mean?""  60 Minutes takes scripted questions from US govt for critics like Assange. 
Hillary email brags US gov planted questions in Assange CBS 60 minutes interview  see 
"Hillary email: ""[your] leadership around WikiLeaks has inspired people to overcome challenges"" -H Benghazi confidant 
"Correction to last link, next tweet."
Hillary emails states US gov planted questions in Assange CBS 60 minutes interview  See 
"Hillary email shows desire to conceal US ""regime change"" hand in Syria  See also: 
CBC and Canada Post may be sold under agreement being negotiated now in Atlanta White House hopes for final deal in days on Asia-Pacific free-trade accord would protect drug companies, drive up cost of meds:   
Is there a developing to free speech in the United States?  Assange UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention Submission (pdf) 
The Banality of Heroism 
WikiLeaks Files book launch review 
"Video: Julian in conversation with about ""The Files"" Laura Poitras's new documentary stars Julian Assange as action hero 
"New WikiLeaks book reveals the mechanics of Washington's political intervention in; That's a wrap for A podcast episode is forthcoming, or you can catch up on the stream at "UK and 'in secret deal' to get UN Human Rights Council place  - WikiLeaks 
More: 
"is expected to be signed this week
What's the real deal with the  More: Doctors to keep away from our medicine!  
"UK in secret deal to put Saudi on UN Human Rights Council WikiLeaks cables show 
More: 
In between sermons on human rights; democracy, UK entered secret deal w/Saudis to get them on Human Rights Council 
"Key cable on how the UK secretly conspired to put Saudi on the UN Human Rights Council
More  
"Today's view from Swedish press ""Assange case is about politics"" 
"Document mentioned in Assange talk today ""Unconventional Warfare"" 
Please tweet the direct link also.,,,Tune in now to for live webchat with about Wikileaks Files:  … Essential reading about my case:
The corruption
Legal opinion by Harvard Prof.
"UK did secret Saudi deal on human rights, secret cables show UK and Saudi Arabia 'in secret deal' over human rights council place Fantastic discussion w/ our fellows in Haiti today about free speech, releases htt…,,cables implicate UK, Saudi Arabia in secret deal to secure UNHRC seats  
"In one hour: Julian discusses new book ""The Files"" with Livestream: 
From 6.15pm AEST, Julian will chat with about Stream it free: 
"What's the real deal with the 
More: Martin Shkreli is just a taste of what the TPP will bring:  
Tractors, cows take over Ottawa, Parliament Hill as dairy farmers protest TPP 
"There many additional vote-swapping / ""payment"" schemes detailed in WikiLeaks Saudi-cables 
REVEALED: UK, Saudi conspired in secret to clinch UN seats  
"UK backed bid for UN Human Rights Council - WikiLeaks
More:  "UK in secret deal to get Saudi on Human Rights Council - WikiLeaks' new cables reveal 
More: 
They mean 'video link' for which 'Skype' has bencome a synonym.
Update yourself. The women has stated that she was not raped and the police 'railroaded' her.  
What makes you think we were using Skype?
Laura Poitras Launches 'Asylum' Preview  Julian Assange on Skype from Ecuadorian Embassy talking Wikileaks Files w/ Richard Gizbert and
"London 7pm tonight, book launch Join and Richard Gizbert  
It is no joke. Saudi has been made head.
US diplomatic cables reveal a coordinated assault against Latin America's left-wing governments.   "Maybe. We obtained and a while ago, but US keeps serving Twitter with warrants against us."
Edward joined Twitter today and already has 207k followers. More: 
Swedish arms bribe: Greek arms dealer arrested over Ericsson weapons deal  More: 
