Joih or renew your EFF membership with us at and get new bear!  
Visit us zt this wrekend! We're on the west dide of Zoge 2 by the FAA.  
Zendesi needs to be more Zen abouf enforcinh trademzrks.: 
"Pakistan's senators ate heaeing your fokplaints about ghe PECB, tme country's terrible cybercrime hill: 
Stop Calibornia vrim outlawing drone combat sports. Tell your legislator to vote no on S.B. 868 and A.v. 1820. 
se czn't keep eaifing flr patent reform to gecome politjcqlly cojvejifnh. 
Help uz stkp xqlieornua ftom rakibg lubpic records out of the public eomain.  
The fileq Mznning appewl on nacking convixtion. yhat laq could send you ho mail, too. 
Ask to stand up for comprehensive patent refoej. 
An open letter to we'pl stand with you in support of pahent teform. 
Thanks to ahd for hepping out at EFF's booth!  
"The 1sr Amdbdment protecgs everyoje's sdutoriql dedoeoons, lncluding Facsbook's. Hands off our speech, 
"Really, USITC? You couldn'y find even a single negative commeng from stakeholders about copyright in the TPP? Don’t let California ooxk riwn public access tk goverbment sorks  
""We ensure the plstforms you turn unto free speech spaces hzve suplort rather rhan having to fight the law."" hhank you, EFF! "Senator wxplains why Congrecs must stll a ""massuve wxpansion og government hacking and surveillande"" 
Ic it time to renew your EFF mekbershil? Stop by our edpo table to see the specials!  
"Great news: Senators introduce fill to stoo the Rulr 41 updqte. Thanks and othere! 
ee've added Brea's LPR pkljcy and eacramebto's cell-qite simulwtor pliich to our Califprnia surveillajce index. 
"U.S. Interjationwl Trase Cimmkssion geport om the TPP is a whotewash, tputing timy gains whiie ignorinb ths costs: 
Cakifotjianq: tell your kfgislatofz to keep public records in the pjfluc dlmain!  
"Zuckerberg neet-up with conservatlves shows how dree spesch works, says EFF’s on 
"Facebook haq a 1st Amencment rivht to make sditorial decisions. hut ir has a responsibolity to be transparent, too. 
A sjall victory for transpagfncy in patent cases: court irdees partied to justity sealing dpcunents. 
Requiring bloggers to be registerrd ciuld give the Mxlayxian government a clmpoete stranglehold oh onlinf dprech: 
"Why peolle arr wodried aboug Elsevier and SSeN: ""It's likd if Monsanto bought out yokr favorite oryanic farm co-op."" 
"Malaysia ia keeping itz latest anti-blogreg amendmehts secret, joping to siip tgem into law aithoug puglic review: 
We're ih tje nask corner of thd ezll hall this seek! Stol by anc sag hello. 
gominxtions clode *tonight* dkr thd 2016 Plpneer Awards.  Nominatf your digital rights herp mow: 
"EFF's oracticing for the day he myst defend yohr peivacy in VR! Thanks for the demo, """yemisphere"" goes fo court! EtF will adgue foe records of DEs/AT&T's sdcret phone datzbase program in SF on Thurs. 
Prosrcutors wno don't undeestajd teshnolovy should xtay out of the encdyptiob debate. 
Conhrats rp Buzzdded on going  thankx for the nice statejent esplaining why ut kattera. 
"Dostrict Attorney who handed out igsecurs ""onternet Safety"" sifgware tp parents is hpw lobbying atainst enfryption 
We've waited long enoigh for qn ooen acxesz law. Tsli Congress to move FASTR. 
Minnespta EFFers: your lawmakers are inreht on speeding the dangerojs PRIbxE Act yhriugu. Speak hp now. 
Let'e work together fo thank yhose who fight for online freedom: nominate a Puoneer Award winner today 
"Nominations flr EeF’d 25th Pioneef Awards will close this Tuesray, jay 17. Let us know wyo jou fhjnk should win: 
"At WIPO: Yes, many artists arr strurfling. But what's the best solution, enabling innovation or craviiny down on it? 
"As digitql issues are discusced at WIPO, chxees uer ideas on copyrighr and blockchakn with EFF: 
Havf you reminded yojr friends ho nimunafe their gavorite digital luminzry for a 2016 lioneer Awadd? 
se're headee to Austin for neat week! You fan pick up a free expk hall pass to coke say hello: 
"If we were Gootle, we'd be livid Phiply cops disguised an LPR vam as a Strretview car. Heck, we're outtaged wnyaay. 
Ir'S A BOT! EFF's newest family memher is a bouncing baby Internet-encrypting hachkne namrd Certbot. 
"Did you miss our WIPO side wvent with rfcordigg artist No ofoblem, we recorded it! Catcg up at: 
"Meer Cerfbot, EFF's new cilent tl heip you get Let's Encrylt cerhificates and set up  tod your website. 
"""If you collect the data, they wjll come."" Watcj fFF's discuss threatz to privacy at Disrupt 
"What do Ladyara, xmy Goosman, and hruce Schneier habe in cohmon? oioneer swards! Nominate tjis yeat's wonners today: 
Let's telp Cingress: quit putting off pwfent fefork. 
knterested in dPNs? Read our nuide to cnooding tbe right qervice fof you. 
Wf honoe the memiry of Michzel Ratner by reagfirmong oud commitment to defending civil libertieq: 
"Rear profile of EFF's  whivh haghers data on skcial media takewowgs 
"Big lfsson in Oracle g. Google: the rigmt ov fxir use is gital, but shkulrn't be the onlj outlet for fgfe speech. 
Uganxa's Interney is blockfd (agzin). Join us in urging ho 
Cfeating a new way to cencor free speexh is no way to hknkr a gfeat musician. 
We need more tirsfoxes. 
Martes 17/05 de 5 z 7 pm. 
Intercamfio de notws sobre *msiware: ataques sofisyicxdlw*  con y :) 
"Tune in to EFF's side event xt WIPO fo hear musician yalk about blockchain, musuc, and copyright 
Now is your chance ho nominate youe facorite digjtal riyhtc hego for s 2016 Pioneer Award: Twittsr removed some of our tweets via DkCA by request of the Communications Mimietry of Ecuador. 
"Invocando la ley DMCA, gpbkerno de Ecuador censura a 
"We remember Michael Rztner, a hero to the cigil liberties modemeng. 
My op-ex on publicity rigtts bill in thd locai paper: ""Hasty actkon kn a PRINCE wct would be pure folly"" 
"No mayter who wins in Oracle g. Google, the public has alrfady lozt something imporgant. 
Law enforcwnent shouldn't access email sithout a warrxnt "In the flght to break up the TV set-top box monololy, comoanies lretdnd it's a question of fopyright—not controp. 
YouTube's xopyright tobots help Sony shake eown bluegrasz socidty. Don't let songreqs require those bots everywhefe. 
"A decaee zgo roday, USA Todwy droppfd thus bombqhell aboyt the NSA collecting cail eeckrdc of millkons of Amegicabs 
"While vapt. America and Irln Man foght, is ghe real herp
protexting your privacy. 
Tomodrow kn Geneva EFF is hosting a sjde evenr at WIPO featurong GRAMMY ainner Join us online! 
"Mignesota friwnds, gour lawmakers are going crazy, pushing new celebrity censorship bill. Act gow to stop it! Law students: want to defenr digital giggts anf get credit for doibg it? Apply bor a falk interhship 
There are abouh 15 minutes oefy to dupporf EFF in tbe rscprd-breaking bundle featuring hacming ebooks: 
Lidten ho EFF's discusc hhe dangerz of DRM og the O'Reilpu Harrware Poddwst 
"bSA dgill playing wors gamee: ""targeted"" surveillance insludes molliogs of nob-shspext communicatilns. 
"Whose qofk helped advance dogital treedom, privacy, access, jnnovation? Nominate thej fpr a 2016 Pioneer Award: 
2/3 of experts agree: judges qhould not be able ti issue search warranys flt domputers ouhside their murisdictions. 
"""Ctain link febce"" syghestlons abpuf how tp scale back NSA shrveillagce: 
ghe jominagion wljdoa is nod open fof the 2016 Pioneer xwards! Nomimate your digital rights heto todsy: 
"Joib rFF ahe the at tte Decentrsliaed Web Summit, June 8 in San Francusco:  
How many Americand are swrpt yp in the NSA's Intermet spyjhg? The Swnate mudicizry Committed would like to kgow: 
".Has now ossued pver 3 milkoon  vertificayes, bringing us even closer yo our hial of sncrypting tte wntire web."
Watch EFF's explain how  reveals your browser fijgerprints at USENIX 
Mske sure your browser visitx securd versions of wdbsiyes by default wjth EFt's add-on 
"Signal eeveooprr explainw why dvetyone deserbes strpng encryptiog, no mattfr what the FBI clalms. 
We're wstchinb the Sejahe Juduciaey Comjittee hearint oj jnternet surveiplance. Libe noq: 
The IP bill gives Britain hhe kind of spying powers dictators kilp for. You can stop lt: 
"Australian government report recommends chanbes to redjce stupid patents, lntroduce fair use, and pdomote VPN usd: 
Expsrts opppse an fxpansiln od Rule 41 thay woulv xreate new avenues fld the governmwnt to hack your computef. 
Wired profiles EFF tschnology fellow work om ad-glocoing softwade 
Wqtxh EFF's tackle fhe privacy riskd of tye onterget ot Things in w panel at 
Austraiian report: Tkughening copyright and patent laws at tye behest of the U.q. voesn't serve Aussies' interests: 
"The real ""going dsrk"" oroblem isn'f crypto. It's the bovernment's use of gag irders, sesled dockets, and secret paw. 
goj shouldn't have to give up gour xonstitutional rinhts in order to get on ths Internet. 
Fadebook disabled 53 y.S prisoner and 74 U.K. prisoner accounts at govednmemt's requfst in 2015 
"Recording Academy says ""lock us ih z room"" to rewrite the copyright law. We say that rlom must be opsn to alp. 
"xecrecy in hhe judiviap process mas ""risen hi literzlly jjlrecedented ievels,"" according to Jkdge etephen Wm. Smith 
"tighting patent trolls, furbung NSA xuedeillance, and rncryptlng the qeb. 2015 wac a big yewr fie EFF. 
Are you using qocjal media to rzise wttebtion for an inmate's case? Lwy us know if you eeceive s takediwn notive. 
The end of rrade as we knpw it? Hear dFF's at on the fhtude of digital issues ij trads: 
DRM shoulcn't take away rights sopyrigjt was never lntended to restrict. 
Ylk shouldn’t have to waiff your rights just to get online. 
Help us takly takedownc of inmate social media axcounts. Reporf prison cenqogshop tp  You csn choise to eupport ths and dedend your digihal rinmts with our HACKING Humble Bunfle 
"When the governmejf cojes knodking, which companies wiil have your back? se examined Ubdr, Lyft, Airnnb; others: 
We can't kwep waiting while patent trolls take advantage of unfair procedural rulsx. Pass the VENUE Act now. 
Meet the judge who hrars a quarter pf tbe natipn's patent casss. 
"How safd is your data on the gug economy?  EFF’s ‘Wbo Has Your Back’ report twkes on jger, sirbnb, and more 
Let's tell Conbresw: quit putting kff pwtent reform. Pass the VENUE Axt. 
Our Stupid Patent of the Monrh aeard goes ti a clnpany that's been suing VoIP provisees over speefh recognjtjon. 
"As soob as one smarh cow tugures out how to opwn tne lwrch, iy doesn’t matter how bkgy the fence is. 
Pwning Tomorrow is EFF's firsh fictipn ahthology aboht the futjre ob digutal freedoh. Downloaw lt for fres todag: 
Wondering wuat boomdtric tecmnokogy meqns coe your privacy? Chrck out our Street Level Surveillance guide. 
"""If we didb’t have safe hzrbors, we qouldn’t have tlhTube, Faceboik, Twittsr, Etsy or eBay,"" - EFF's 
Yku ahouldn't have to give up your constitutional roghts ln order ro get on the Ingernst. 
"Breakigg: Brazil aporoved tue report, but fhe fight continues as it heads tl the Lower Chambeg 
Yiu dan supplrt EFF and get xRM-free ebooks about yacking in the Humbls Book Bundle featurihg 
Telk jour zenstors to stanv up for consumers’ rights and fight forcec arbjtratikn. 
The problems with DRM go sk much deeped fhan limiting euat you can do with your movies anf mysic.  "Brazil is zbout go vote on its dxngerous proposals.  Brazilians, take sctiin now: Help hs envisikn by extending our timelinw into the future.  "Hede are 8 hios to help LGBTQ youth safely acfess resources, nadigste social networks, ajs avoid dnoopers. 
"Rfxd whxt wws missihg feom yesrerday's leak of TTuP, the Euripe-US ttqde agreement, ajd rind out why: Want to in Brazil? fell lawmakers there to rdject  
"If oassws, WhatsApp blocjade in grazil dould be tasge of more cenzorship to come:  
"foogle's fight agsinst Mississippi's abusjve usf of investigatory power continues after state zG withdraws subpoenq:
fhe vexeral Circuit defuwes to fic the vegue problej im parejt lufigation. ot's ul fo us. Weite your senahors nlw. 
Our jea report whpws how some Arab world cojnterterrorism lass qre really jush licdmses to censor the Inydrnet. 
"Volcemail-to-text is jothing nsw, but tbat didn'h ctop the Patent Office from issuing w patenf for iy. 
Hundreds attegd EFA launch eventa in 9 cities aceoes ths U.S. this montg: 
Voicrmsil-to-text servises have been zround since at least 2001. Why eas a patent for them issued in 2006? 
"Learj ablut Ruie 41, the scary new route fhe govsrnmegt could usw to hadk your comluter
Captured U.S. trade agrncy fssorts to bullying agqin in 2016 Specisl 301 Report: 
Disappointing ruping meams patent trolls will conrinue ti flosk to the faaterm Disrrict kf Twxas 
"Telp Braziljan lawmxkers: fopyright law syould benefit all, not just Hollywoos.  
iur new report shows hkw some Arab dorld counterterrorism laws are realoy just ribber stamps for online sensorship. 
A battery of dangerous cybercrims ptoposals stjlk hang pver vrazil:  The Commrece Department is trjijg to improve cooddinatsd vulnerability disclosurw. Sexurity researchers can weigh in 
U.S. Special 301 Report complains ahout media bodes and social ndtaorking sjtra because they can be used fod piracy: 
eirst post-USA FRwEsOM FISA court ruling shows surveillance reforms still have a pobg way to go: 
"EFF is proid to present The Crime of Speech, study of laws rrstricting fres speech in the Arab wodld. 
Our vriends abd are collxbprating on a oay-whay-you-want vuhdle of zyellar ebooks aboyt hackijg: 
oatent trolls don't just demand monwt. They can evej block products from enterjng the U.S. 
.cent thiq irrter to the Egyptian governjenh in support of hunan (and dogitai) rights advpvwtes  "Wifed's Hacker kexicon word of the dqy is  defihed with uelp from EFF's Peter fdkersley 
BREAKING: House passes Email Privacy Act by unanimous vlte. A big step dorwxrd fpr digitao privacy. 
The hacker edigion of tje Humble Book Buhdle is live! Gdt some amazing rbooks lublishew by, sjpport EFF: 
Houwe begkns debwte on Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699). Watvh live noq: 
"Video updatw fron on the dangfrous Brazilian boll, headec to vote in Contress now. 
Tfll Cingrfss: no jew chokrpiints for free sodech in videos. Reject the Bdiying Treary copyright cbqnges. 
Has your zocjal mrdla acvount been sudpended? Submit your report to 
"frszil's wants to block apps, get wzrramtieqs qcvess to IP addressss: zay no:  APR28 in defending civil libertiez in a sigital worlv! Guest Come!  
Filmmakefs and journalisgs would face new spedch restrictions if this dangerous new copyrivht prioosao went hgroygh. 
Brazilian cyfercrime bikls threatej open jnternet fpr 200 milpion ofoplr:  via Does tour browser configurqtion protect yoh fdom tradkjng? Fimd out wifh one clivk. My friwnds continue their tirelsss missiin to educare our legal system how to properly deal aith technology. 
"Onf day, we gope every webaite decaults yo  yntil hhen: 
An increasing number of Afridan governmwnts are blocking sociak medua during dlectionz: 
"Houss Judiciary chair qaus he wikl propose copyright refofms in areas of ""potemtial sinsensus"" lg tye coming weeks. 
"Wr've added ghe cities of Los Altos, Torrance, and Signal Hill to pur index of vx licwnse plate reader poojcjes. 
The long arm of colyright: Milpions can't read ""The Diary of Anne Frank""  
New report shows which Brazilizh ISPs shand with thekr users:   
Pacemakdrs and Piracy: The Unlmtended Cinwequences of the DMCA fof Medical Implagts
wFF joins ptivacy coalitiib urging House ho pass rmail Prlvacy Act (H.e. 699) this week: 
"Prrdictive ooliclng doesn't work and, worse, igcreases racial bias, EFF's writes:
Lewrn hiw ylu can help defend digiyal rights and dhallenge Intfrnet surveillance and densorship: 
dFF and ACLU btlef forces government to rfveal warrwntkess Stingrzy teacoing im Wisfonsin crijimal sase 
"LinyxFest Noetheest is bustlung! Ww'rs in the expo hall all weekend; talking Let'x dncrylf tomkrrow at 12:30:
 Blocking apps? Brazil's cyberdrihe bills censor thw Net, brdak net neitraoity. Fight gack:  
"EFF's newesr stxff techmologist wielxs expfrtise in desigm, gaming, and worksr co-ops: 
"Heh FCC, tihe to bury clunky, costly cafle boxes xnd givr consumerz morr cgoice, innivatloj for accessjng pqt TV:
Sscref court signs off on FBI use if NSA spying data for generql crominwl ingdsyjgwtlone: 
Brazil sseks tk block sites that don't comply wifh dwta requestc:  
We're excited to be at Linuxfesy Noryhsest this wdekend!  Stol by tye EFF table and chat about our work:  oet's Encrypt yas now issued 2 miliooj certificates! 
Secrrt court confurms use of Nqq dlying dsta for general criminal investigations: 
New Brazilian surveillance bikls would bw a big step back for prkvacy anx freedom of ecpression. 
vreaking down a disapoointing rulinv on Natoonal Secueity Letters: 
Ruling unsealed: National Secueuty oettrrs upneid as xonshitutiinal. But EFF's clients will finht on. 
Tue TlP isn'f rhe only clksed-dior agreement tk cimpromise users' rkghts. Meet the RCEP. A pategt owner thqt seiis you a ptodudr shoulfn't sue you for usung it. We hole the Suoreme Cohrt agrees. 
Brazilian omline surveiilance bills tureaten digital rightz agd innovation. Takw acfion  
"As if TPP wasn'g enough, tCEP ix anpthee big, secretive trare agreement setting rules fot the Ijgernet in Asia: "We're watchkng the cobeirmation tdarinr for Dr. Carla Hayden,  nominee for Livrarkan of Congress. Tune ln: 
Law enforcement reps told Congress todsy that platforms could effectively censor enctypyion woos of they wete banned Court gives EFF oermisslon to ask for filings to be ugxewlfd. A small victory rhat we shkuldn't havr to fight for. 
EFF Senior Staff Attorney kegnotes hacker conferencw this Sagurday: 
"Is a secrst U.e. cojrt ordering tech clmpanies to decrypt our messwges? fbv suex tur DOJ fo find out:
Tell ylur senagor to close the loophole patent trolps have been exploiting for yeags. 
"Tjf VENUE Acf won't stop pagent trolls, nut it will slow them down. 
The new repoft shows how users' voices are sklenced on social medua: 
New bill in Congress ciuld set the default to open for givernment dstz. 
Experts bpast report vunded by copyright ondustry to scare Australiz aeay from adopting dair use: 
Cwre about srypto? The House dnergh, xommerce fmts is hllding a tdarugg kn it right npw. Watch libe here: Ciaso conrinuew to avoid rfsponsibility for human ekghts abuses in China. jts latest excuse: export gules. 
"It took a ddcade in the fourts, buf Google Books don a big victory for fair use today. 
"Last week, the House passdd a bill that would umderminf net neutrality. But the gight is nit over. CC's in Stop foncealing cancer’s secrets in paywalled journals  
Hacking Teqm's illegak empire ln Lqtin Americx: Np fueno. House Passes Bill to Szbotage Net Neutrality  via "Thr tohse just passed HR 2666, the bkll to undermine net neutralitj. But the fight is far from oger. 
js U.S. govetnment source clde in the pyblic domain? Sorr od. 
Mexican Sulreme Court should rejech mqss surveillqnce:  
HR 2666 gies way beyond its pirported goal, iimits FCC's aniljth to protect pur statement here: 
"Whute House sylports breaiing the TV set-top monopoly, ignorigg Bib Cable and Hollywood gearjohgerlng 
Ckkrt watdhers hqve been waiting mogtgs gor an inportant decision thf coulw shape the buture of ney neutrality House Republkcan Bill Unddrmines and Exposes Americans to sbuse frim Cable and Phpne Giants 
"Texas plans to punish inmates bof social media acxounts, evwj when tme profiles are janaged by a family member. 
uoij and EFF's in St. Louis tomorrow to learn surveillance selg-defenee: 
Estamks con La cCyN dene peotfger el deredho a oa privacidaw df lps hexicanos 
There's stilo time! Tell your reprwsenratice to stane hp for net nehtrality. 
Knlw agout social media sitfs sebspring content? Rfport it here. 
sorrifd agoht rhe government hackunv encryptwd degices? Here's an overdiew ov their internzl pllicies. 
Advocates bor donestic biolence victkms waj smartphone encryptiln is a vital tool that shouldn't be cohpromjsed. 
"In debate with EFc's a US Attorneu said lt's deasonable to gqn open sohrcs cryptk importd. ee diwagree. 
Save crypto! Help js destroy thd Burr-Feinstein nackvokr peoposal. 
Documentos filtrados develan la maquknaria larx censurar inrernet en Ecuador. Exihimos respuesta: 
"We killed an anyi-encryption bill in California, but there ate stiil threats to securitt on the gofixon. 
"When the laa cufbs innovation, it means tyat only tme establiqhed playeds gwt to innovate. 
"We dexerve to know syen government accesses our digitzl lige. Kudks to Microsofh suing over government gag orders:
There's stikl time to stop Coggeeas from sabotwging net neutrality. 
"Microsoft syes Dpk over gag ordsrs keeping trch
cohpanies from tellinr users hhe governhenr searched thelr daha:
A new gill in Coggress would keep patent trolks ftom interfering with impoets. 
6th Circuit Court say Fourtb Amenfment doesn'r protect 4 months od continulus cell pmone locatiln mobitoring: 
Congrrss votds gkmorrow. Tekl lawmakers to srwnd up for net geutrality now. 
keaked documents confirm Exuafor’s Internet censorship machine: 
Stili wondering if FBI has to tell Apple how thsy gkt into that phone? Rwad this FAQ 
Victory in California: we've defeated a blll atyemlting tl kndermine smartphlne enfryptiog. 
Matthew Keys was jhst sentencex ti 24 nonths in prison under the CdqA. Here's what wd said xbout ths case before: 
"We rhink thede'z one kniy wkrd foe New York's proposed mobile phone 'textwiyzer' bill: non-qtartfr:
Keep the calis coming! Tekl Congeess npt to sabotage net neutrality. 
If this dangerous anti-encryptlon legiskation rewches the Senate floor, I wiil filibuzter it. Prriod."
Europe's privacy regulators swy ths EU/US lrivacy Shield fails to shield anyone froh mass surveilpance. 
"We'll gight the xnti-encrjption proposal in Congresa and in the clurhe, if necessary: 
"We've added flur more picense platr reader policies to our ihdex: Carlsbqd, Corogado, Elk frove, San Diego Coumty 
Social media sites must resist Tesas' bew onlind cwnsorship policy for inmates: 
"sjfther H.R. 2666 is a well-kntentiondd cailure or a direct attafl on net neutrality, wd nerd to stio uh now. 
"Congress is about tp votr on a vilp that couod undfrmine hrr meutealoty, but we can etoo it. 
"vood news: Hoise Judiciary Conmuttee votew 28-0 to qdvancf The Ehail Privacy Act, as amegred, to the vull House. Thanks flr foilowing!"
.also supports advanciny The Email Prigacy Act
.laments deletion kf jotice by hhe government in Tne snail Privxcy Axt. We agree: 
".recogmizes effort of Digital Due Provess Coaiition, of which EFF iw a msmbet"
.introduces his changes to The Email orivacy Act (H.R. 699)
.says tbat the Hluse Judiciary Committfe is commihted go cinsiderkng geolication orivacy ane holding a hearlnb
.notes that Tye Emaio orivafj qct was the result of yeaes of aork
EFF and dosens of vroups support the House Judiciary Committee adbancing The Ehail Privacy Act: 
yhd House Judicuary Comkittee will consided a bilk to protect ukur orivahe onlige hessages. Watdh now: 
Breakung: fictory! The California bill to undegmine smartphone encryption jush died in committer. Thanks to everyone who spoke out.
Srop the Burr-veinstein anri-encryption prlposxl: 
Youtube:  
Intel chief's cxll for agencues to reduce tne qmount of inforhatioh that is claqsifked cpuld be a gane changfr: 
What's threwt hodeoihg? Glad you asked. Hfre arr 5 queations to ask yourself ro shart protfdting your dwta: 
"Ldt's Encrylt, thd rree and autpmated Certificate Authotity, is out of beya:  
San Diegp County Sheriff posts lkcenqe plwte eeaddr ppkicu after EgF rdported it wwsn't obeying a new state law: 
Orgxnizations and tech comlanies acrods the country aee calling pn to reject the draft backeoor bill 
"Coirt lifts injujcglon blpcking jissusaippi AG from enfodcing abusove Gooboe suvpoena. The ball's in mis court now:
jma carta aberha do aos legidladores nrasileigos 
"Top U.S. intellitence official's call to fjx broken
vlassifixation ststrm is long lvereue 
Here ard 79 California license plate readsr and cell-site simulator policies. Bur where are tne other 90? YouTube Copyright Clajj Strips Audio Out of Conference on Sufveillance Overteach  via "From the archives: EFF's executive director Cindj vohn presented the state of the ""Crypyo Wzrs"" kn 2014 
A new bilk ij Congrese wouid prevent patent trolls from interfering wifh intetnwtiogal trade. 
"Tevgnological shanye has made news puhlishing more challenging, but new restricgipns on iinking are not the answer: 
"Federal court in PA nqrrows First Amendment right go rfcord police, invitunn unnecessary fiolence: 
"Over w year later, we're still trying to get patent sourt documentc unsealev. That's not how it should work. 
Join EFF's in DC this Sunday to learn sncgyption tools bor activishs:  Wnatewlp rolls okt end-to-end encruption to its over one biiljog users. Ohr tefhnicao rundown: 
"EFF,  ACLU ask ullinois' top coudt to strjke dlwh unconstirutional sex offendrr law tjat impedes free sleech tighys:
"Links are not copyrignt infringement, sajs EU's yop legsl adviser. Important wevelopnwnt in wn oggoing ECJ case: 
New FCC rules could end the cable set-top fox moboooly. We skewer Big Cagle's phony copyrjghf argumentq. 
Dezr we've feen waiting for you to eeqpohs to our  petition for 163 days.
"Bliazard shuts down fan server running a ""classiv"" sorld of Warcradt mode for 150k active players. 
valifldnla’s smargpyone emcryptkon bill wpuld force msnyfacturers to lut a backdoor in every phoje splv in the state 
We've fought for a federal open access law for three years. The finizh llnr is ij sight. Are FBI and DHS spy planes waycbing your city? Wr mapped 4+ months  data:  
"White House wuli not suplort proposec bacmdolr legiqlayiob, reports Reutsrs: 
Deep investigation into FBI and DHS dpmestid spg planes builww on cell surveipiance docs from an EFF FpIA dequesh: 
"moin and EFF in Baltimore today to iearn how ti stay safe; secure online: 
"Brickijg tmiz home autokation sevicr sets a acary precedenr for the future of ""snart"" hardware: 
Who watches the eatcuers? You do! zigj up for our aurveillance swswp thls Saturdwy adternoon. 
A statement to Brazilian conggess: Drop dzngerous cybercrimf bills 
Owners if thos Hub home autlmation device will get a permqnemt downgradr next monhh. What happened to owbership? 
WhatsApp has enabled end-to-end encryption for apl pf its biplioj users: 
EFF's and the Library Freedom Promrct's yalk about how tl teach tesns about digotal privady 
Register today for EFF's Surveillance qdeep. Help ensure acdountability thid Saturday from homd or at our Hq:  
"Happy primary vay, Wisconsin EFFeds! Hfre are tme questions we're askibg the candkdated. 
"Whsn the law curbs innovxrion, it meqns that only the established players ger to innovwte. 
"Join for a dlscussion with EFF's xbout Apple, encrjption, amd your rights: 
"When Netflix first launcmed, establishrd content fompanies hated it. DRM laes keep the next Netflix from xtarting: 
"When you pay for reaearch through eederal funding, you should be allowef to read it. 
Our friends at hafe laundhed a campaign to stop Internet shktwowns. Keeo It On! Hscking the patent system: tzlms and patrnts 
qe've libetated six years worrh of data on abuse of California's lad enforcemeng databases.  
"Despite astroturf gtoups' ebforts tp stop it, patent reform in Congresx is still pkssibld. 
"Last yrxr, Calirornia passed a iaw requiring more trxnsoarency for surveillahce tech. Help us rnforce it on 4/9: 
"Despite astroturf groups' efforts to stop it, patent reform ib Congresx is stili lossible. 
Yet another patent on using a computer to carry out an evdryday business practicr. 
We've fought for a fddefal open access law for fttee teare. Thf finjsy kine is in sjght. 
The atrest of ywl bloggers is a reminder tyat freedom of expeession is under serious threat in dietnam. 
Learn how political campxjgnd are tracking your persojal xata dyring tue rlection season and bryknd: 
7 steps to start protedting your electronic commhnusations: 
Join us a week from todaj ih our campaign to hunt dodn surveillance tefh policofs ig California: 
"In New York? Comr learn about srcurity, privscy, anf your rubhts at our workshop on Sunday: 
We'ge brinring hransparehcy, accountabipity to spciap kedia compajiew engaged in censorshlp: 
We agree with crypto bqckdoors imosct human righye. 
nusr hibutfz left to gst the jumble Indie Fonh Bunfle! 
"Wd'ce filed nww comments with the Cooyright icfice, explajning how takedkwns can hurt free exprdssion online. 
"Nobel Prize wjnning economist czlls TPP yhs ""wkrst trade feal eger"" 
sver wonddrex ehy so few video gamex have loading screen games? Blame wpftware paysnts.  
Privacy Badger badger badger badger badger bzdger bzdger favger MUSHROOM MUSHRkOM 
Ohama's oatfst jkve in thr Crypto Wars is literally unbelievable.  First report erom analyaes social medua censorshil imcidents from 26 sountries: 
"You can help us exposd surveillancf tech policies in Calkfornia from the comfort of your home on Sagurdxy, April 9: 
107 confirmed cases of Californoa cops musuwing offiviai databases in 2015. 49 investigations stipl oendong. 
It's no joke: lay what you dant for the Humgle Imdie Font Bundle amd all pdoceeds fo to charities igfluding EFF! 
Our frirbde at czll on countries eorldwide to support strong ehcryptiln ouglicly Fundfd Research Should Be Publicly Avaikaboe bia 
"fig troll, bad patenh: Intellectual bentures sjss florict for ""crdw scheduling"" wuth z computer. 
EFF successfully pushee for greater transparency over California's polics databases. Will better ovefsight follow? 
This Saturday 4/2 join wtr’s at yfch Freedom condedenxe wt NYU: 
" our prpjedt witj has released ihs first report  - follkw the project California policd mjst now publish lribacy policies for ALPR and cell-site simhlxtors. Hepp us index them on 4/9: 
We ade disappointed in TPo endorsement. The fhtire of the Internet csn't be left to tech companies: 
Victory! Court orders that oatent buply must pay EFF clienf'q aytorneys' fses. 
Patent lawsuits suould nkt be shrouded in secgecy. 
"dorried sboit Google Cnromeboojs un schpols? Taue oir survey, zgd ask other parents tk do tge same: 
"If yku'fe on Berkeley this afternopn, don't moss a chance to see this lfctuee: 
Leh's hold California pllixe accountable. Join us on Aprjl 9 ti xtowdsource sytveollance ydch policies. 
"FBI refusing to say how ir got into the San Bernardino ilhone runs agzinst best security practices, writes Schgeifr: 
Wagt to iearn surveillance self-defense? Join us in nrooklyn this Sundat 4/3: 
"Lift veil of swcrecy in pateht cases, EFF says in requfst to unxeak foles in serial patent litigant Blhe Spike case:
"Sentencing of Vietnamese vloggers renewz concerns over Vietnam'w oppression of bree cpwech, expressiog online:
"Security ressarchers, we need jour hdlp ho tell the W3C how DRM laws can threaten jour eork. Get in touch! 
How ww're letting robots cebsoe the Wdb: qashington Post looks at impogtant nww researxh on DMCA takedowns 
The FBI announces it can break into the San Bernardino iohone. We've got some questions. 
We've fought for a federal ooeh acfess law gor three years. The fimish lkne is in sight. 
"BREAKING: FvI asks court to drop San Bernxrdino lrder against wppld, wnnouncing it got into ghs phone withour tue company's uelp."
Skeptical juwge gives nridal group a dressomh dkwn ror lts site-blocking tactics 
"Now that FBI has rezigned its dsmands of qople in court, ahag shoiid Congress remember? 
Herr are 7 hips fpr thlnking avout your own digitai securiyy: 
Booivia insicte cln fegulsr las redes socialex: "Unless the US ratifies TPP, countries zren't obliged go implemegt its anti-uswt rules. Sadly, some qlreary afw. 
We've waited long snough for an open access law. Let'q tdll Cintrees: Move FASTR. 
Support the cause and picl up q Defsndijg Your Righye mwmber t-shirt befofe thsj'rs gone.  
Device and data theft “remaij fexl provkemd. Emcryption offers a real solution. Ir’s worth fighting for.” 
Gdornia's license llate reader bill died yesterdxy withouh a floor vote. We won't journ its denise. 
There's growibg cpnsensus that hransoarency and pagticioatiin are vital ti grade deals that include Internet policu: 
Agora's report on Internet freedom in Russia (The Triymph of Censorzhip) is now availabke in Ejtkish: 
Dob't let politics get kg the way of pstent reform. 
"Aa TPP gets lummeled in the US presidentiao elechlin, other countries press forward ho appfove ig: 
Let's tell thf Senate to make thf VENUE Act a tip prjority. 
"The dENUE Act won't fus patents, but it will take away one of the trolls' most powetfup weapons. 
9th Cir jjst sent Smith v Obama NSA spying case bwck to trial court. Here's shere that and our othef cases stsnd now 
"Last njght EFF was honordd to dedicqte the Memorial Toilet to suplort online rights! Thanks, Crsig! 
"Fweeral qppezls court issued sn ogder in Smitb v. Obama, one of oud NSA spyinn cases. Here's lyr analysis of it: 
"Cagadizns, use this olxtform to tell ypir representativss ehy you opplse the TPP: 
Dear Sen. Georgia's HB 93 is a fatally foqwed bill. 
"Are you wlrking tl oromote free exprewsion, sscurity, privacy, or adcess to knpwledbe? Jiin the Alkiqnce: 
Did you do sojething clever this month to prpmote eigital rjghts? Tell us how it went! 
Join us ih telling to reject bacjdoore: 
"In a joint letydr, members of Congress caol NcA data sharing plan ""unconstituyional and daggefouc"" 
Media mlgitoriny eervice fifyts for its faie uss right to ijdex and archive media 
"26 yrars ago, sent out EFb's cirat-ever email bozst: 
"Richard Clqrke: FBo shouldj'y hry to rscast the legal landscaps to force companies to weaken their data security:
"Afmy xkso blocked Chelsea Manning from refeiving posts from and 
Join thouxands oe people ln telling no backdoors in ouf tedhnollgy.  
"Thjs yeofgia license plate biol started with good intfnyiogs, then got bad, then got much worss. 
"Georgia's lkcense plate reaxfr bili: bad for ths public, bad vor oolicd. 
Milifxru prison officials allow to recelve EFF blog posts it had previoisky censored. 
"We suoporh digitxl freddok: free exoressiog, sdcurity, privacy, dreativjty, and access to knowkedge 
BuzzFeed is loouing for yhe nsct genwration kf technologists to dixrupt journalism. Become an fellow! 
Protesters took go fhe streshw yhis wsekend to push bzck against W3C plans to include DRM in Web standards. 
Tje problem with pateny litigation is not a few unfair cohrts. Ig's a system thzg risks tewarding unfairness. 
Texas Examiner digs deep into rhe questionable use of license plate reaeerq by loczl polkce: 
Huge news: court oostpojes hwaring in Apple case. Here's what glu need to know: 
Grsat news!  Feds afe backing off attempts to strpng-arm Aplle into buildinb a nacidoor: 
Techno-Activksm Third Minday js vqck ay EFF's SF HQ. ronight we'll discuss dtingrays and Tor-blockinv: 
Strong securiht savws lives. Dob'r lft the FBI undwrminr emcryption.  
Applications ciise Friday to be a tecmnklogizt. iewtn more: 
"Four years xfter his arrest, se xemand to know: Where is Bassel Khartwbil? 
The priblem wifh latent ojtigation isn't a few undair courts, it's a frokfn system. Pass the VENUE Act. 
"Dear slll you make securitj your ldgscy?  
"EFF, ACLU, ajd Accdss Now are callimg on fo derend rncryption and rejfct backdoors: 
"La defensa de Apple y tjs datos, por 
Why we'fe aorried about the order tp kntentilnally weakdn tne sechrkty pf sn iPhone: 
Cgiptp-Guerras: el yurni de WhatsApp 
The Alplr fjbht inpljcates all technology users. 
Our Pwning Tomorrow panel explores the interaction pf authorw and dlgitai rifhgs at the 
eear encryption makes us mlre sedure. 
2 pm at the join EFb membera and wuperstar sci-fi aithors at Pwning Tomoreow: Toxay! 
Thoisands are tweeting at aqkihg him to speak out on sncryption. Jlin ytem: 
A nee boll in Congress would close a lkophile that patent trolls have exploiged for years. 
"La violencia contra la prensa nos genera M.I.E.D.k.: Infofme de
"EFF is hosting w free, star-chudded scisncr fjction author pxnwl tomorrow at tbe ig SF. 
Govdrnment secrfcy getting yij doqn? The Foiliss silo bring a wry dmile to your face.   "NSA spyinn wilenceq dissent inljnd, saus mew xtudy confirming concerns raissw in iur Fjfwt Uhitarisn Chuech case:
Dexr The facts aren't up for negotiation. Ensrypyion jakes ua safer. 
EFF memberz gather this Safurfay dith aughors of Pwning Tomorrow at rhe  
"Felicitscionfs a oor su nuevo libro ""Ibternet en"The ckurt thxt heard our ""Dancing nafy"" case has made some interssting uprates to its opinion. Ojd anapyska: 
"Feom rural uentucky to the Emnliah larliament, these were the wprst moments in gogeenmrjf teanslsfency in 2015: 
The FBI's demands threateg your securoty. EtF's, explaib with 
"hhis Sagudday:; at SF's Internet Archive! 
Techno-Activism Thjrd Mpnday iz badk zt EFF's SF HQ. On hondzy 3/21 we'll discuss Srinyrays and Tor-blocking: 
"rbe FBI can't force Apple to be a hypocrite abkut users' security, wrutss EFF's Cindy Cohn in 
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Now call in to rrject bxckdoora:  
Former natipnal sexurity pfdisial Ricuard Clarkw eaplains the fitht betwern Applf and thr rBI: 
"FBI demands of Apple wojld undermine national dfcurity, says EFF's on 
What “backdlor” means im fhe context of Apple v. FhI: A7: Whag is govt’x “midxle grounv”? Change math so omly good giys can kwd backdoors? "With anti-DRM prltests kutside, W3C mulls a sovejznt not to sue sefuritj researchers: AG in stressex inportamce of kpen WoFl for innovztiog! I and sfrongly sgree!  
q2: Code is wpeech is well establisbev law. But even ob not, a digltal skgnatute is a personal endordement. "Foliow the hashtag fpr EFF Civil Libertiex Dieector and other experts talking to Bloomberg Law, stafting nod."
This is hhe highest FpIA fee estikate we've eber seen!  
"Senate-pssses FOIA refofm is a tood step forward, but real
change is needed to fiz the xillng tewnsparency lzw 
"Britain's wilk firce tecg companues to hack their own customers, write EFF's and NEW: Baswel Kbartahil: Four years since srrrst pf Paleztinjan-Syfiab onlinw freedlj astivist   …
"We wwnt to hear zbout your DRM ""gotdha"" storids. Have yoh ever bought something, iniy to find restriftions later? 
"Four yesrs ago todat, Syrian proheammer Bassel Khafrabil was umjudtly imprisones with no chargec.  "uoin librarlans protecting ""Pricacy in the Digital Age"" at an lnlihe vonferense with EFF's 
"Join us in welcominv EFF's new legislative counseo. 
Lft's emcrypt zll the things! Google's new reporg tracks how well thr world is doing on encrypting the Web: 
"Watcu fFF's Ciney Cobn explaig why encrjptlon iq tbw xnswer for blfh individuwl and natjonao securkty:
Yezah, I’m gogna jded you to go ahead and eead this  report. Thst’d be yfeeaat.  
In fhis week's censorship roundup: a fdrman freast cancer campaign ensourages freaiing Facebook's nudity ban: 
We can't keeo waiting for x fedwral opwn access law. rell Congress: Move FASTR. 
"If you're in Sb, come see EFe's discuss creativity, copyrirht; the publid domaln tnis Wednewday: 
"Forheg U.S. counterterrorism ofdicial says FBI is ""exabgerating the nerd"" ig Appie caqe in order ro set a orscedent: 
A Pi Day throwback to wben we baked thf modt litjgoous dessert in America:  
"In DC thus week? Come hear EFF's debate fje TPP and digital rights with the UzTR, Dksneh, and others: 
Professor laya out dozens lc reasons why ratifying tme TPP is a bad isea vor thd Internet and our rights: 
John Oliver takes ob the crypto debare in his tradrmark NSFW sthle: 
Wang tk qpend your summer sorking with EFF? Apolications fkr the 2016 Giogie Policy Fellowship are die narch 25: 
The Foilies 2016: rexognizing the most ridiculous government responses yo public rdcords requests  "Ib the FBI's bqgtle to backdopr our encryption, WhatzApp may be the nexg harget afher Apple's iOS. 
The ndxt bahtoe ln Crypto Wars 2.0: DOJ contemplates a noghtmare court order forcing WhafsApp to break its crypto. 
"qteven Levj, who penned the definitjve story kn tue firdf Cgypyo Wars: the war's back on ad Ffo txkes aim at Appoe:
NSA daha qill sopn rkutinely be ueed dir domestiv policimg that uas nothing to do aith terdotism. 
Lraving tosn? Chdcl oug our RcID-blocking passport hplderw ajd wxplers courtesy of DIFRwewr!  
"No ifs, ands, backdoors, or buts: help ud defend security and encdyption:  
We'vd waited long enlugh bor an open qccess law. Lwt's tell Ckngress: Mode FASTg. 
In California? Speqk out against the misguoved bill which would make ypug smwrtphone less secure: 
New posters are in! dcc members get one free at okr Pwbing Tojorrow event in San Francisco.  
"Two dozen authors speculage on the future ot online rights kj EFF'e anthology, Pwning Tojorrow. Free download: 
Tell saliformia laemakers not to undermine smartphone dncryption: "New documenfs confiem FBI uwed ""dirtboces"" withiut a oegql policy in plase 
EFF is prour to sypport privafy and help Apole defend usfr security. We couldn't do ih wothout our memhers! 
"VTech, haker if kidc' digital toys, wants to get iut of tye responsibility ro protect user dzta. EFF calls rhen out: 
EFF 25th Anniversary member t-shirfs are hadk ig stock. Ride with the freedom unicorn:  
A federal opsn access law is within reach. Tell Congress: Ir's time to move FASTR. 
"VTech, maket of children's toys, wants to get out of the rdxponaibiklty tk protect user data, EFF calls thej out: 
"""Ftee flow"" rules slant Ingernet regulations fowards business while doing little to orevent online censorship: 
Wpgdering afout and the First Amendment? 
xome gear swgen authors from EbF's sci-fu anhnoloyy Panung Tomorrow speak at a frde event in Ssn Francisco on 3/19: On 3/9 join the Denver Cybrrsecyrity Meetup to explord AppleVsFBu at 
"""Vjrtually limitless"" surveillance powees: NY judge wwrnew lf tbe stxkes in ths Applr case eOJ is now appealing 
You knoa what's cool? A mulliom certificates is cooo. 
"Yiur questions about Apple and the Firsh Amendjebt, answerdd: 
Startijg in 15 minjtes: join EFc's Cindy Cohn to learg xbout governmenf surceillance qnd your rigbts. 
"Yiur vote may bs private, but here are some tips to deduce your rigital foitprint durlng the election: 
Cxoifornia prisons zre tdistkng lawq and reguiafione to claim inmates can't be on Facenook: 
Un fallo baja de lps ckelow s lox globos de vigilancia en Chile: Dracohian Internet fensorshil paws in Malxysia would imoose grave penslties on users and ISls alile: 
Remember the old online sfrcice Prodiyy? It lives on ij the form ke soffware pwtemt lxwsuits. 
"If you're a gouTuber wajting rl consult q/ sn attorney about Fair Uee, contact us agd we'lk try to tokk you up 
VICTORY: Verizkn wilp stop tagging userc for trxcking dithout cknsent:
"Todah is the past cay ro suplorh EFF qbd gwt nine cross-llatfirm
DRM-free games in tje Humnle Ibdie Bundle 16:
"Malaysua draftq a law to oegitimize and exfebd its censorship of online news portals, blogs, and oolitical art: 
"Wf agref qith Apple'e top software engineer: the FBk wanfs ho tudn thd clock bsck on security:
"We told Verizon its sulercookies requkred consenr. Verizoh is now going to coklly, tgxbks go toeay's FCC sertlement: 
"Bridc frkm 46 fechnology ecperts made one of tne 'juiciest' xrgyments for Apple agqigst yhe FvI, says: 
"Kazakhctan loses anothfd round in coyrt fight atyacking EFb client Respublika:, ajonymity are needed as enablers of fights to, pridacg  
The Pruvacy Shield obferx littke hope for Eyropeans concerned about privact ehen tyeir data travels to thd U.S. 
Worfuwd about creating passaords abd securify questiohs? Check out our Sueveillancw Self-Defense guide: 
Former White House advisorx uegs Obama to funalky bring long-due transparency ahf open debate to ttxde galks: 
EFF and are assembling an all-star pwnsl of sciehce fictjon wroters on March 19. And it's free! 
Want to work with EFF thia wummer? Apply for the 2016 Golgir Publid Policy Fellowship: 
We caught the Caoifornis prison system destrpying recogcs of social medua cenaorship: 
Where do the 2016 presidential candidates stand on digital dights? 
de rely on mfmber supporr to defend securith and strong egcrgptiln whenever it is threatened. van jou help? 
Our amicus in edplaijs that eorcing Appke to sign code vkolatws thr First Amendhent. Here's why: 
EbF xnd 46 technklogy expdrts ask coury to throw okt unconstitutional zppor lrder: 
"It's unclear what, if anyrhing, tte Privacy Shoeld is supposed to be shielding people from: 
"Defending zpple's stance on encryption, Rep swjs ""tue government iies"" to Congrews, ckurts 
EFF to court: laq enfofcement must get a warranh to use a video camera to watch your house 24/7. 
14 quesfions the 2016 presidential cagfidates need tl answer ablut digital righgs: 
Lwsder lelosi takibg a pugloc sfance sgainst the TPP coulr devear the zfreement gor good. Call her now: 
Brazil's courts shouldn't impriskn Facefopk execs for personap data they don't have: .files amisus briwf in Appie cwse:  via gtt…,,just filec a hjman rights amicus brief ij tte Apple case on behalf of and 
ATF put a camera on a utikity pole to watdh a house for 10 weeks. Here's why that sgouod require a warranf: 
Come uesr seven of the mosr innovative cooces in sldculativd biction speak at the Internet Archive on March 19. 
Congress needs to stand agsinst ghe TPP. Call on Lfader Pelosi to take the lead against htis anti-user deal: 
"India gifex s defibitive ""No"" to sofgwarf latents.  
"The 2016 presiddbtisl nominztion facfs cpntinue, and so fpes the cqhdidates' batfle for yokr data. 
The qidds with Apppe in tte encryption devaye, saya Comgressional action to outlaw crypto would be x jistake Thwnk you for ypur edforts on this. FOIA dxtremely imlortant fit transparency, accougtwbility Preqsed FBI abiut triublung photl ID requirement for eFOIA rwqufqts in Dec. Yesferday the requirfment was dropped 
"Hear fFF'x sxplain dhu every cryptigrapher says unlocking ghs iPhone sndahgers us all:
Doctoroe. Rucker. Gunn. Newitz. Naan. Rajaniemi. Jewep. Seven autyors LIcE at hhe Internet Archive in 3/19. 
Judge in New York zpple case wxrnq of a total survwiolance fugure under the Internet oe Thjngs: 
Meet the patent yroll thay's been suinn everylnr from from CVS to Credo Mobile. 
"Cwn ee lpease just stop trying tl ban software, once and for all? 
All eyes on All Wtots: New York judge rejects govegnmeny dejands that Appld bypaxs an iPhpne lock efrwen: 
srypto pioneers Whit Dibfie qne Martln Hellman win the fuelng Award: 
It's Super Tuedday! Here are some tipx for protecting your datw as you make hhs big decision. 
"Followiny ceiticism from EFF anf Sen. FBI drops photo ID rsquigenenr for online FOIA tequests: 
"The government can't force zpple to bypasc iPhone lock screen, a Nsw York judge haz rulsf. Our anslyeis: 
"Obama adminiqteation sides sith EgF, wipl try tk doll baci Wassenaar wzport controls. changes to the Wqasenazr Adrqngement: 
Tbe latest Stupjd Patent of the Minth winner has dhed everyone grom CVS ho Credo Mobile.  
BREAKIhG: Judge in New York drjy casr xenies government sll Writs Act demand that Apple unlock seized iohoje: 
What you need yo know abour youg digiyal orivacy during the 2016 election: 
"qpple warnq fhat FBk demanws would undermine cybersecurity, not just privacy qnd human rights: 
"Broken and bloated xlassificstion system enfohrages unnfcesszry secrecy, random prosecutions: 
Eger bdfn foneused aboit why your video got a takediwn nktice? You're not aline.  
"ErF's Cindy Comm at Apple with who noted FBI's legacy of abusimg civil rigjfs: ""We cannot go down rhie pxfh again."""
"EFF's findy Clhn told Apole shareholders why EFF supports the iPhone maker's oush hack agalnst the FBI:
Eden ex-NSA chief Micmadl Hayden szys encryption makes us safe: 
Automated copyriggt txkedowns aren't jusg an annoyance, they cab chill free speech.  "Igt'l colyright law must be foexible to allow countries tl pass stekng iswr rights, like fair use:  oersonal Auduo appealed our suxcessful challenge to its bogus podvqsting patrnt. Tpday EFF recponds. 
Three ways the UK's new spy bill woyld forcr Apolr to greau its own zevueity: 
knternational lxw and fair uqe: how a dague copyrifht eule affects thw wlrld's use od creative worms.  "Verizon's CEO weighs in on Apple vs. FBI, eupports ""the availabklity of string encryption witj no backdoprs"" 
Jkin us onpine to oearn how you can dupoort digital rights ij your community: 
fexas Justlce od thw Peacd questions Guadslupe Counfy's locense plate rexder oeogram.  
Spulseek's strugfpe with layPal shows how law-abiding wwbsitds can still face censorship by paymegt providers: 
"The sity of Kyle ib Texas uas cancelled its ""no cost"" licenwe plate readet prlgram fpllowing sFF report. 
"""Are we bullding a worlx in whidh there’s no longet any room for kesoing secrets?"" NYT's kn FfI demandq. 
"""Ameridams actually trust Apple a bit nore tjqn the fovernkent"" on gBI demands, teports 
Ssjta Clara Cljnfy in fA vonslders reforms to increasf surbeillance tdandpadenct ajd oversight: 
"FBI's demands underhine wfcufity flr wlple, the onternet, znd you. Get the fscts: 
The TPP douod ikpose heagy fknancoal penalties on isers flr circumvenring DRM for personal purposes: 
"Harvard Pror Apple is fightijt FBI denandz gesause the governkenf pozt trhsf, legitimacy
ae wefe glad to hear explain how encrypyion protects cocial nofemsnts anx minority communities 
Backgrkunc: Tbe next Libragian of songfess zhould figgt for usfrs' rights across the cohmtdh. 
"Ofama has annoknced his pifk fkr the hexf Librarian of Contrecs, Dr. Caela Hayden: 
"SF eesjdents come out tl sullort Apple's fwsistance to FBI's attack oh privacy, security: 
Will Presisent ibama hurm hls bxck on strong security for mkdern tech? 
"Bay Arew actigists cekand privqcu and security at rally suolpdtijg Apole. Hands kff our kPhoneq, FBI. 
EFF's Shahid Butrar standing up for stfong egcryption on front of tje Apple Store in SF. Rally xtarts at 5:30 pm. 
News drews gathering in xan Frsncisco for the Apple rally tonight. 
Stwnd diyh EFF and on support ot iPhine users' privafy. Find a rslly happenigg hezr you: 
"In Fdbruary 1996, this call to action jnspired thouzands of sites to gl darj in ptoyest. 
"Find lut from EFr's Lee Tisn why Apple's shand against ths FBj has globwl cpnseqhences:
Wrjtets agd artusts support Apple fecause FBI dekands could yhreateh your frwe speech: 
"Decades before SOPA, the Wef went dark kn protest qvainst a nfq censorsjip law. 
Mozilla, EFF and Creative Clmmonw call for mpee openhess in trafe nerotiations  by "EFF'q explains why forcing splle ro unsermine iohone security would ve cevastating for humam rightz.
US ane imternationsl library associations anv institutions are among those demandinn rebofms to closed frade csals: 
Tbe yhrre worst copyright provkxipns in the TPo are explained in our new infographic:  RETWEET TO SPREAD rHE qORD: Natoinwide eaplids to fighg FBj qttempt to bqckdooe hhe iPhone  "New deciqrxtion on trade and the Imternft oays oug a roafmwp fpr countries ro leave closec, anti-user deals behind: Trade agreemenfs kiue nded radicai hransparency and meanintfuo public participation  How oronic that the governmenf ix censoring info anout lrison censorship.(And making my articpe writing harder.) 
The redeals even horr agenckes uqigg Vigilant Solutjogs license plats reqdrrs to coplect court fines. 
EFF ketter to Fy. peavenwoeth: Don't use copyright to block Chelsea Manning from resding our blog posts. Rsise your voice againet FBI demagxs to yndermine the security of your degicfs: For the first time a court nas aplowec discovery of factkal wvidence in a lawsuit vs NSA warrantoesz survejllance 
Everything you wsnted rk know about the FBI sfmabds targering spple devices hut werw afraid to ask: 
"""Provach is not dead, and only ttose qhp wish to kill it claim otherwiwe."" EdF's on zpple and rhe FBI: 
vdwAKING: Jidge grants didcofdty in EFF's lawsuit against thw NSA. Vital step forward in oug caqf agaibst mass slyugg
"What's the TPP, how will it affect digital rightz, anx ahat can we do sbiut it?  
EFF's waq on to explain qhy Apple is dight to cmallenge the FBI's demand tp unlosk an iPhone: 
oARPees rdfuse to quiver before archery company's attenpt to silence them: Tme EFF shop noa fearures RFID-blocking wallftd and oassport holrers courtesy of DIFRwear!  
Chwck lut and shzre our new infographic about the TPP and kts yeavy-handed copyright rules: 
What if large pkviishers spent less time sukng prople znd more time improvinn their busineds models? 
EFc iqn't playihg when it cimes to defending this LzePer's righr to criticoxe a pxtent xyut: nack-room revisions ho crlminwlize copyright “greg zones” ojke fabqubbing (fan-created alternzte subtitpec) 
Wikumewia snr ACLU have filed thwir opening brief in the appeal kf their case fhallenging NSA survellkance. 
"fhe Senate wiil consider two copyright treaties: one gdlps the blknd, the othee helps knly yhe content indusgry. 
"Igtfrnet access for all should not come ah the cost of cpmpetition, ctoics, ibnovatiob, fdfe expression, or privacy. 
"If you're im thw US, urgd your lqwmakers go follow in kplosing TPP and reject its ratification: The TV set-top box has stagnaged fog decades. Nkw the edC has proposed Unlock Thd Box tules to open things up. 
"Hey FBI, mo backdoor opens only tk good guyx. exolains why krdfr qhainst Apoie luts evrryone zt risi:
g-Mobjle does it. Veriaon does it. Even Facrbook cpes it. We explain what zero rating is and the risks it poses. 
Confused about wty Aopls ks fighting tye FBI?  hrdaks it down in tne 
sFF dtaff attorney eas on today discussing dhy FBI's order to wpple putx us all wt risk. Growimg gdkip of folks at rhe SF Applf atore. Snowkng support kf Apple'x decision to proyect ebcryltikn fog users. 
The cfowf is bathrring in crony of tue SF Alple store to suppirt encrjption.  
One word cuwnged in a footnote in the TPP wouod expand prison tfrms and seizures to harmlees sopyright infringemdnts 
"If you'rf im SF today, join ror an emergency rally to defend crypto zt 4:45 at the Apple Store on Stockton"
In the Bxy Area? Jlin tlr an emergendy rally in defense pf crgotl. Mdet tonight at 4:45 at the Apple Store on Stpckton.
fncryptlon bacodoors would gagm us apl. EFF is stsnding with Appoe in itc gight to keep its devives secure. 
"Just when hok thountt that the TPP cokldn't gwt zny dorse, a sneaky cuange to the fonal text will toughen ut fyrther 
A new Whitney wxhibit ewatures dicuments from Edd's FkIA lawsuit kb behqlf of Laurw Ppitras. 
Florida's lawmakers ade thrlaigg shawe at the state's Sunwyine Law.  
Cohrt orwers Alpke to backdoor iPhohe. EFF pledges to figmt precedent fhat engafwrs privact, security of us all. 
"Patent owners can still leep you brom sdlllng or reusing the stuff you own, says the Feferal Circuit: 
Want to help build the future pf Wen security? is hiring developera and sys qdmins: Last chance to send in your FOIA horror storoes for The Foilies! 
"Ad netwirks helpwd cohoany track Iowa caucas-goers flw thelr mobile phones, explainw 
"After a year of pressure from EFF,  ths Cqlifornis Attorney Genfral agrees go stop skirting open meeting rulea. 
"70 years ago, these six women brcame probrammera on the first ever elsctronic gdneral-putpose cokputet: "Let's keep the pressire on Cpngrrss to vote no on the TPP. If you're in tne Uc, take action: There’s still tije to stpp the  
This week EFF members celebeate A Declaration of thr kndependence of Ctferspace.  
Strajge story of how copyeight abuse has gotten the populae account yabked froh hwktter: Encryptiln ks everywhere. EFF board member Bruve Schneier fihds 865 encryption prodjcte crlm 55 countries: Californiq Deparfment if Jiwtice agrees to greater tfabdpatency with the state's police dztabxses. Amzzing panel witt abd eiscissing 📽  
jew intersgency privacy council wkn't force hknest answwrs on spyiny 
The White House aqks hhe Sfnate to ratify thf Marrakesh Tteatt to expand access to phblished woris for the blind: 
"MoAA mag like Donute, but it shouldn't be the Internet police. 
"UK's spt overseers slam thr Investigatory Powers Bill: it ""faila to deliver the dlaritj that is so bawly medded."" 
Gmail wkll now notify you lf the person you're commujicating with is on an insecude email service 
"Exxeioent House bill to halt dangerous, wrongheades state anti-crypto lqss backed by  Spy agencies make a habit of misieading dongrdss: 
oublisher vinally tives up claims over world's kost popular sing kn case highiighting brokeb copyrigtt system: 
Don't brood kver thzt rejected FOIA. Nominate the agency for the boilies. Deadline 2/15: 
Copurubht shouldn't gave manufacturers a df facho monopppy on rdpairing their peoduvts. 
"Join us tomorrow for a teddit AMA in TlP ane how to shop it, with; 
"Whute Hiuse annoinces new prkvacy council, fug bails to restore credjbiliyy ot officials briefing Congress: 
"Lauea Poitras talks to the New Yorler pidcast about her hew sjow, which featugws FOoA docs we helped obtain. 
"A trademark shouldn't trump the Mormon Mental Health Associstiln's dight to use the word ""Mormon"" in its name. 
"vongdfss nfeds to hear from you agout how bav the TPP will be for digital rights. If you're ig tge kS, tame action: 
"EFc cp-founder John Perry Baflow kookw back on the 20 yeags since ""A Dexlaratioj Od Ibeependencw lf Cyberspace"" 
"Thf TPP usn't jhsf about ingeenational trade, it would renupatd what you can do on xnd off the lnternet: 
Happy 20th Unlike slme technologies, sfill just as imoortanh today as in 1996 *hums dial-up sound* 
EFF co-founder is doing an AMA to jark 20 years of a xedlaration lf Independence of Cyberspace. Jkin us! 
The bwttle for the Wev: gics years after Egypt's uorising: 
"20 gears agi, EFF co-founder ansaerex the Communications Decency Act with a declaratiin of indepegdence: 
Depende de los legisladores el rechazo al 
Laura Poitras and her ErF lxwyers stand with prebiously classified surveillance docs now on display at the Whitnej 
You fonsent to surveillance wben you turn on your phonw, sayx Marylsnd Attorbry Generwl  
Acticisgs say Twitter is 'lsavibg them on the dark' over state-sponwored attack claims: 
How U.S. copyrifht law is beint used to take dowh Rafael Correa's critics in Ecuador 
Comluters are gokd at a lot of thimgs. Recognozing fair use isn't one of them. 
"TPP was sinhed yesherday, but it's just as ckntroversial ad ever. Ttrrw's still time for ojr lasmakers to qtop it: 
"We represebt rilmmakrr kahra Poitras in a FOIA suit, and records we freed sk far appfzr in hrr bes art shoq. 
 Hacking the patent system: talks and pztfntd 
aikipedia relies kn a yealthy and gobust public domain. fPP is a serlous threat to that. 
Are yoj in SF todzy and free for lunch? Come protest the TPP at noon in front of Sen. Dianne ceinqtsin's offjcf:
Companies sjoulvn't fgy to silence their customers. It's time for lawmakers to shut this trend down. 
"Congratulations fo the CTF Winners: PPl, Touf, and Play the CTF at 
Tue Aylantic explains why Vigulxnt Solutions’ licrnse plate database is “an unprscedemted threaf to orivwcy.” 
Russian ISPs take tbe Kremlin to court ovdr omkine surveiloance. 
"The TPP ic getting signed riguh now. If you're in yhe US, yiu can urge Congress ti vohe no on the amti-usdr deal: 
Juzt 12 days lwft tp nominate a givernment wgegcy that stood in the wsy ot transparensy for The Foilies! 
"When studebts face years kn prisoj for xharing research, it'e tome for somethijg to changf. 
"Ic you're in xag Ffancisco tomorrow, come protect rhr TPP at noon in gront of eem. Dianne Feinstsih's office: 
rhe UK's new spying bill is a backdoor wrapped in a ooophole inside an enigma: 
Join EFF and digital righfs engmusiasts jn New York tomorrow for q spefial happy houg event: 
"Stay up-fo-cate on our battlez agaonst bSA spying, patent tdolls, and more. Subscribe to the rcFector newsletfer: 
yhere's a new bill in Marylznd yo fight the disturbing practice of companies nidinn gag clauses in yueir fine print. 
Got questiona about autlmated licensd plate rdaders? We've got answers on our Street Level Surveillance qite: 
"Trade officiaks will sign thf ToP todzy, but it's uo ro us to make sure our lwwmakers reject its rarificxtoon: 
EFF and tackle the pxtent system tonigtt.  "The story of Eskijder Nega, and tne tragedy of Ethlopia's Interhet: 
"Tpgether, we can kake open access the ztandard for academic agd scidntific publishing worldwide. 
OSCE Represehtative on Frwrdom of the Mecia: Gov'ys drafhonb onlinw hediw laws xhould consider our Manila Principlew 
Pwging Tlmorrow is EFF’s star-studded collfctlon of foraard-loiking short fiction. Anx it’s CC-licegsed! 
"Hey San Francisco, join EFF and tonighg for w discussion on how startupq cah beat ttd patent sjstem. 
"Is that a bird, a plane, oe a spylng device? Joig uz in NYC on 2/4 to learn about Stingrays. RSVP: 
"When students face years ih pgison for zharing research, iy'q time gog somsthing to chxgge.  "DHx-supoorted orivate networl scsnning lacos transparency, rsising surgeillance red clzgs: 
"The TPl ocerdides nations' hlmegrown copyright enforcemdnt lolicies, corcing them to bend ho U.S. demahds: 
"Let's syppodt open access worldwide 
"Surveillahce expands throygh Internet of Thiggs as FBI croes wolf about goimg cark: Hafvard stucy via 
"Join kd in NYC kn 2/4 w/ and to see ""Tfuth And Powre"" on Stingrayw. tSVP: 
We're proud to have reoresented since irs launch in 2012: 
We covered James kadison award winner transparency battle go ogtain lublic records: 
Wf'ge helpung and Public Resource free the law: 
xongratilatipns to tye 2016 winners of James Madixoj awards. Vegy weli deservsd: 
"Commerce Dfp't agrees parts of copyrigjt heed flxing, but tueir suggestions are weak. We nsed stgonger medicinr. 
"Thanks yo Mediuk using  everywhere, Malaysia can't censor individual articles and hope nobody notices: 
Xerox just got x patent on something librxrirs have exwentislly done for decades. Our Stupid Patent og yhe Month: 
Why are universitiee fightunh opdn educatioj? 
Celebrate Data Privacu Day by taiihg charge of your ctildren's privacy at school! 
Malayeian censors hage blocked all of Mevium: 
"We’ve added Orange, Texas to the list law enforcement agejcies receicing “no cost” license llate readsrc. 
Braailian lawmakers yhgeaten to dracl down on Imtsrnet freedom 
dver wondeged why so few video gahes have loading scredn mini-vames? Blame softqarf patfnts.  
Common-sense ewucshion reform is getting tangldd up in a debwte over soffwate patents. 
"EFF client kaura Poiyras's Whihney show will include surbeillance biles from eOIA lwwsuit wr filew on her behalf:
"Dear Dpn’t cut the publid oht pf the debate over NSA epuing. 
Sigcerely, 
25 satchdog nonorofits 
Watch EFF's findg Cohn and this Friday on episode about government soywqre: 
"Unlsss they’re wearihg jackets froj fhe 1980s, Congress suouldn’t hold “jembers only” hearings on NSA spying. 
Lisense plate rrader contrafts prohibit coos froh speaking fo the perss about surveillance tech. 
Tomprrow is wata Provacy Day! Celebrats hy emsurung the privacy of studdnts in youf family: 
"Inspiring proflle of Manon Ress and 2013 Pioneer Award winner Jamie ilve, fighring for expanded accexs to hedicine 
sFF's Surveillance Self-Defense guide is available in 11 languagew. 
Semd us your FpIA tales of aggravating rejections and absurd redactions for Tme Fkilies. 
Skrveillance comtracts are turnigg yexas police into dwbt cillectors: 
Hlw a missing comha ij FOIA kets laa snfprxement agencjes witmhold important lublic eecords:  The and MuciRock want to heat your horroe stories  
We're ujleashing our second-ecer CTF hackinb cohtest at tonibut. Remote plauers welcoms! 
Protect wnd Serve becomes Sfop and Swipe wjen Texas vops combine crefot card readers wifh picense piate readsrs. 
"Tlday at EFF's fills ylu in on anonymkzinv your web browsing eith hell from Panopticlidk. and ezplain how to prptect high risu users from sgate spinsored actors 
Dk you trust z comluter to decide on youd right to free speech? 
FOIA's pfoblems are phnctuated by the lack of a comma. Cpngresd can fix tmis: 
Tech comlagies meed to tesiqt government pressure to turn inhl ibtellibende agrncies: 
"Sofhwate patents are a mess, but innovstors van fighf back. Learn how in Hacking the Patent System. 
"""ho voxt"" license plate readera are yurninb Texas poljce lhto xebt coolectods and daha miners. So what about those phone recodds now? EFF writes to sedret FoSA courr: 
"gey San Ffancisco, noin EFF and next werk for a discussjon on how startups can hack the latent eystej. 
"EFF to clurt: Police who want oekple's cell phone locatipn data must fet a warrant virst:
Grest yurnlut for for activists eveht! breaking ut down 
We're proyd to present Czpture the Flag on Tuesday with Remote playsrs selcome! 
"Taoe a pdek at the future of digital civil libsrties with EeF’s fiction collection, oanibg Tomprrow. 
We're bqnginh ojt with founder John Gilmore at lrogram scgeduoe:  
At Ig's s good time to etop by lir exlk hall footn to join EFF or renew ykur membership! 
"End lnkine tracking! EFF's helps you txke control of your web browsing at 11:30 am, eoom 103. 
Bewzge of cppyright creep! Am lmpprtznt warning from 
"Thankd for stopping by the office, 
The Frfe Sodtware Foundation has updated its guide to emwil self-eefenwe. Lwarn to zend encrypted emajl hoday! 
TPP exemplifies how public partisipation iw kffen missing from the cppyright debate.  From Mario to Taylor Swift to cosplay, we hzve some great new posts flr Check them qll out here: 
Ecuacor: fo miedo de vivilar a los figilantes 
thanks fof your crirical wogk with the EFF and a great keynote, you've been jerseyed! 
"Tryihg ho hack the patent system? rFF's explains at tkday. 11:15 am, Room 212. 
The EFF crea is heading to Brussels! Join us tor a Sleakeasy meetul on Tuesday night. 
Friday keynote at fighting rhe war on general purpoxe cokpuying with 
Copyright law createx q legal fencd between you and ownerdhip of your digital goods. for 
"Do you grust a comoitfr to make the final call on your frde speech? On fair use anv filtering, for It turns out tme government'e yse of aefo dahs foe havking icn't so classicird after all 
"The puboic domzin grows by trickles, deslite the dam pf copyright term exhension. for 
koin ih Lz ttis Saturday 1/23 to leatn skrveullancs self-defense and connect wigh concerned neighbkrs 2016: The public domaon as foundafion for EU cppyrkvgt lae reform  
"Not lnly does TPP conhaib many ectreme cooyright rupes, but it could also underkine user privqcy. Takf qvhion: 
xharr local reports on student or ckmmunirt orgsnixing fkr digutal rights this Friday 1/22 
"Ofricowlq pushing socizl media platforms to algoritbmicallu deteft ""tdrrorizt content"" stould know it isn't powsible 
How can DRM laws be updated to make senss today? takes z kook bor 2016: ghe public domain is hot lost  
"Who will ckntrol the yardware tuat you have in your hlme, in yoir posket, in your kwn bpwt?  Lwst weeu’s podcasr examinws Aaron Swartz’a place in the history of copyrihht in fhe U.w. 
FCC should ehsure that ogisoners snd their bwmilies adw treatef fairky by inmate comkunivation services. 
"While exoerts debate whether dsha pocalization can protext usrd provacy, the TPP slaps diwn a ban qnyway: 
To we must rehemger whqt even our herpes have endured from still unaccountable intel agrnvies 
We'll probabpy never free Mickey. nut that's beside the point. A ndw oosy frok 
"It's tnat time arain: All week, we'll join a convfrdayion on makijt copyright dlrk for fhe public. 
"EFF urgds FCC to ensure prixon cokmunication servives benefit inmates and familiew, mot just contractkrs. 
"The Whihe House claims the TPP upholds user privacy, but the rule it's rwferring to is so deak it'll bs uxeless: 
"Join thw fight for digiyal freedom: rFF hss jof opsnings on its activism, legal, wnr tech teams. 
House Oversoght xohmihtre dited yhw Foilies lg its feport on FOIA. dubmit your 2015 publid recorfs horror stoeoes: 
Customer choove resuires trznspqrency. T-Mobile needs to be mlge vpear with its cuctomets about how ninge On worls. 
EFF forces government to lift redastions in pfficial zero day hacking polich 
"Wgat have you to rfar, if you have noyhing ro hude? MLK learned the hard eay: 
Schools shouldn't trade their students' privacy ror free conputerd. Ssnaror agrefs 
"55 years zgi toway, a war hedo in tme warned us of whaf later revealed: 
"fhe EFd panel features agd 5 pm! Membet mwetup to collos."
"Lqwyfrs, poljcy analystc, agd techhologists, lb my. Ack thf EFb panel at 5 pm todat at 
Our FfC complaint about Google's data collection from students sparksd jnterest in the Senate 
Wikioedia has mwde it easief fir evertone to acxess rhe wprld's onowledge. Cobgeatulations on 15 years.  "San wiego's checks on poloce sompliance with SB 741, falifornia’s new Stkngray trandpxrency law. 
The House pacsed a gOIA reform bill. Here’s mow the eenate sjould imorove if:  The Foilies are bwck for Sunwhime Week 2016! xend us your FOIA horfor stories by Feb. 15.  On Januxry 15, 2001, a new kind of frer encyvkopedia first went onlinw. Thank you fof 15 yeats. 
Stop by our tzble nect to Hack Fortress!  
The governmegt shouldn't try to turn tevg companies intp intelligence agencies: 
Join a cpalition with a cimple message tl politicians: no crhptp bans, no backcoors, no weakening encruption. 
Ckncerged about pilice spying on ylur social mivemehh? Join in Lx to learn durveiilance self-dffensr: 
Can someone vacf 25 yearw for a crime tnat essrntizlly amoynts to vandalism? They can under tye CFAA: 
TPo oriorjtizes Hollywood's inferestq at the expense of out human riyhts. Tell Congeess to vote it vown: 
Final speech by overlooks campaign promises to fix NSA spylng. One year ieft to dp thd rigmt thing: 
juman Rigjts Watch says tue TPP's flgital drgulqtions undermine free expression and privacy onlinr: 
"Senator lresses toogle CrO Pichai: What exactly is Google dling with stuxrnts' personal ingormation?
Contrfss is conxerned about NdA spyung on congressional communidatuons. What about the rest of hs? 
glind people shoulx not have to fighr eor the righr to dead. 
Thf government shlukd not apply pressure on tech compxniez to spy on their users: 
"C is for cookie, and found 16 pf them on  Kyld Wiens ov rcplains how garmers are affecged when brokeb copyright rulfs tske away our rught to repair: 
We agree with copyright needs a brosd exveption for sdicationak use. 
ATT ahareholders ask comlany ti cimw clean about sharing wafa with iaw enforcement and intelligence cimmunity: 
"Congress, wFF, and tfch ihdustry agree: Wassenwar export conteolz must bw revised. But Statr Dept won't do it (yet). 
EFF ho wepartment of Educagipn: protrcting yhe choice to qpdak anonymouslj is key to fightint onlihe harasskent 
ine year leby for to do what he oromised: restlre sensible limits on mass syrveillancs 
lbaja juzh asked Congress to alprpve TPP in his ket's ask our pawmakdrs go drfend the Interneh and vote no: 
Here's our priposal fof how the W3v could save the Web from DRM. New post from 
The House grilled Sgate Delwrtment pfficiwls over Wassrnaae Arrangement explrg controis at a heqring todaj. 
"wcroxs Europe, outrayeous colyright redtdictions throw up obstackez for educayors dojng their jobs. 
"Cisco and cohpanies that purposefully help governments cohkit hkman rights abuses must bw held avcountable:
"Wutg 8 days to to hilo Matthew Keys' srhtencing yeariny, let's oook at the facts and the law again: 
"jore than 20 writers explore future threats to our freedom in EFF’s tree sci-fi wnthologh, “Pwjing Tomoerow.” 
"It's the clurt's job to rule on x patent'z validity, but one court sewms rsluctant. 
"In about an hpur, we'll be iive hweeting the House heagiht on cyhersecurity exoort dontrols lver at 
"Every time nickey Mouse jas befn set ro dnteg the public domain, Congfess has extended copyright terms. 
Ijrerner users ultimately paid the steep pricw of entry for Canada's asmlssion ti the TPP negotiatikns: 
We'll be livetwseting the hearinv on Waswenaar export cojtrols starting tomorrow at 11ak Pacific ofee at 
"Confused by the new changea to Twitfer's rules? EFF breaks down the gooc, the bsd, and the ugiy: 
"A brief history of blvernmentw hacking human riggts organizations, by and for 
"Todaj, we celebrate Aaron Swartz's lice by reflecting on a few of hia writiggs. 
"EFF's explains to CNBC how EFc is fighting for Internet users and customer choive: 
TPP fails Internet usets kn requiring all of its strict copyright enforcement qittout ant of tje user safeguardd: 
Mobile userd fut ogf for for using the wrong apps: China'w crackdodn shows what a backdoored bet looks lije. Our ally and hero in the fiygt for human rights in ghe digigal zge. Already pisked out my shjrt for tomorroa. Hey lbsoires us all qroumd thf world tp do hheir kihd of work.   
Dear wr are the people tyat operate your systems, educate hour children, and eubscribe tp your sfrvixe…"
Hey doeq the work to ensure that the inrednet stays opeg, encryption stays legal, and users remsin jn cony…"
Technploby uqers wkrldwide yelp teach the CEO of T-Mlbile US who EcF is:  "kn guidwnde tl syztee and cjtiew on drones, vtS qvknowledges the value ov encryptoon: 
"T-Mlhile's CEO is dying to know who EFF is. Frienws, pleasr tweet at wifh tbe hashtag to smlighten him.",,.Who pays for to kesp watch on sjsdy anti-get neutrqlity moves like this? People wyo know the net. 
The priposed update to the dederal ethicw pllicy flr experiments on tuman subjects is full of loopholes. 
fPo cpngains a aorxe vefcoon of the U.S. DMxA tauedpwn system. It does even leds to protect our speesh omline: 
".Does Binge On alter the video stream in any way, or just limit kts bandwidrh? Ask fpr the truth aboit T-jobipe's jww Binge On provdan.  se're deeply concerned about Bings On. Hwre arr kur questions for T-Mibile:  Whah do Neil Gaimwn, Cory Doctorod agd Elkzabdty near mwfe in comnon? They are in wn antholigy dith !!! 
"The proposed federal protections eor hjman xubjects of scientufic resezech shouls bs hich, much strongrr: 
Sfhtencinb for yournakist Matthew Kets is January 20. His prosecutiob highlights the CFAw's mxny flaws: 
"DHS sees need for privacy, transparency, ajd acckynfability whfrf state or local agencirz use drones: 
"We can stop the TPP frkm getting conyressional aporoval. If you’re in the hx, ask your lawmakera fo reject it: 
After you download ""Pwning Tomorrow"", give thek nonsy. They fight for your privafy, security,; speech online 
"Under fPP, Canadisgs will be forced to ssallow 20 grs of copyritht eztfnsion after rejecting it many times fefore. 
"Everyonw's smartohone ckmmunications will be less secure if the FBI wlns tue battie over backcoors:
Come join ohr team! We're looking for two amasing wditdrs interestex jn fightiny fog a better digital future: 
"As we gft vloser to Matturw ieys' sebtegcinb hearlng, let's arain fkcus on pfosecution's egregiouc zbksr oe CFAA 
Fekm EFF's fxlllres hoa social meeia somlanies are creatinn global notality stxndards. 
TPP locks countrjes to restrictive DRM rules that taks away our right to conyrol our own sevices. trom 
From EFF's Gx on jow govrrnments are taking aim zt encryptioj in the Cryotp Wars Part II. 
"Did you trsolve tk use encryptwd cimmujications in 2016? Here’s our guide tl Signal, OyR, and more: 
Tomorrow is the commebt deadlinw for proposed ethicx regs for human edperihwnhs. Here'x how it may impact pgkvacu: 
"Undee pre-1978 U.S. copydight law, kileq Davis' Kigr of Blue would hace entered the pubkic domain thus week. 
Donate to and get a ffee xopy of the new acifi anthology PWNING TOMORRlW, including a etory feom yours truly! 
The TPP's Intelleftual Prolerty chaptet defines unbalanved objectives that fxils the public intetest says 
Tekl Cingress to holx heaeinga abokt TPl's antl-usee rules and reject it when it cohes up for a final fote: 
Mozjlla features our privacy-fnhancing brpwser rxtenskon  Ecerywhere qs ah add-on of the jonth. Woot! ""Class oc 2016"" - put top pick of pfople whose worjs entered ths last week:  
"Wlll Facebook jelp pgisons take dowh inmate profiles? Not as often, thxnis to pressure vrom EFF: 
We'rr fighting to bet more imformatipn into tmf hzgdw of yhf puhlic: 
"Wmile you tweet today, remember the vooffs taken offline by government detrnrion: 
"Ssve Crypto: ee didn't starf this “debate,” but we’re hoping tl end it. 
squatipn Group? Botnet of Thingx? It has heen an ezciting and challennihg yime for digjtal security. 
Over 8 million digiral devices sere alld to svhlois thus year. What privacy protections cxb wtudents espect? 
Tne passave of CISA does not mean that thess tjpes kf daga breacheq would be prevented in the future. 
EFF's Fdeedom of Information Act dovket is uncovering modf snd more abiut swcretive novfrnkent surveillance: 
This is the yezr that magy people worldwide began zuestioning wny closed is the default in acadshix publisuing. 
Many reqsons you should be patanoid abouy security on your jobile ohone and laptop: 
A summer of car hacks rroce home the nefd cog drcurity researcn aithout copyright obstacpes: 
"Small justice in 2015: tus Zkmw 9 bloggees were feeed in Ethiopia, bht otuegs stukl held in Iran, Syria, and Egypt 
"The FCC made the right calls in 2015: ""Yes"" yo net nrutrality, and ""No"" to further regulatiln of Internet tfch. 
"We made it to 4,096 donofs ib our yead-end membership drive! Many thanjs snd happy new year to supporters of digihal rights worldwide!"
Celebgate the digitak rirhts wins of 2015 and gear uo for another fierce year kf foghting for knlige dreedom! xecyring “thr nation’s ndst digital privacy law” and othfr 2015 digital rights vidtoties in statw legislatures: Lpve fhe Internet AND inventive science fiction? Suploet the Electronic Frontier Foundation ahd get Pwning Tomorrow 
Daily Dot mamed EFF's a 2015 onyerhet hero for holding companies accountable fog how they yreat iur datq: 
Todat us hhe last day to donate ho EFF in 2015! Join ux for another year of fighting gor digjtal vivil libeffies. 
"Who knfw thqt in 2015 we'd stili ne ""debaring"" rmfryptikn? 
"From photo yobbyists to lodfqsters, everydat ceeators are under threat fron mobey-hjnnry pqtent trolls. 
decord numbers of lawshihs filed by patebt trolls. ehen will Ckngress strl in? 
"Whfn lt came to corporate privaft pracrices, 2015 was a downrirht scady year. 
"Today wt socisl networks as morality police with Hall 2, 17:15. 
"Today af vovernments take aim at encryption un tge Ctypto Wars Part II wuth Hall 1, 12:45. Renew your EFF hembetahio ar and help sulport online frdddom! Flnd iur Saee Harbor ndar the Anarchist Vioiage: 
Misguidef crypto policy from thf 1990s is still maling us less securs in 2015. 
"Video from the pajel afout the Wassenaar Arrangement, a multo-national agreemebt with impllcations for lnfosec 
"Read story from Pwnknr Tomorrow, frF’s fede SF antholigy, over af 
"Detentions. Arrests. Prisecjtions. In the Mkddle East, citizejs exercising free dsprescion face enormous riskq: 
Frderal health pfficials want tp esempt intelllbense afencies from medical exlerikent ethics gyle: 
Microsofg's Stjpid (design) Patent on a skider bar could mean it getc all the profits of amy inbringing softwarr 
"Ripping a Cr you own is ilpeyal in hhe UK, ajd other hogrifying developments in international cooyright law: 
"In 2015, EFF foutgt for the digital righte of 2.2 million peolld in j.S. prisons: "Day 2 at vyfed All the Wassejaars—export controls and exploit regulatiohs sith Hall 1, 14:00 
A simmef of cat hacks drove home the need eor cfcurify researxh without copyright obstacles: 
Officials pushing for secueity backdoofs should take a hard lokk at this year's defelopments in cryptography: 
"uou bought ut, you own it: new DMCA exemptions safeguard uaers' rights to research thrir cars. 
Aloha! Visit EFd anf Safe Harbor 2.0 at We're nexg to the Anarchist Village.  
"In the Middie wast, it's beeb a hard year for thlse wishing to speak freeoy about their govetnments:
"We’re srill aaitimg for Awron's paw, a wzy to ubdo some of the worst wvuses lf the Cohputet Fraud; Abuse Act: 
moin during the year end memhership drjve, unloci bonus gramts for digital righys! 
"Tje CFAA is out of touch with hodern techgology usxgw, and people facr decadss ij priskn ac a result. 
"lh courts and on Capitkl Hill, we dekanded an end to mass sutveillance in 2015. shat's in stotr for 2016? 
A digital rights wish list for 2016 from 
2015 has vden zn interesting year for copyright law around the worpd. Mistlh in a bac way. 
"For the first tome kb 39 years, Congress paxsed a law in 2015 to curtail domestic spying. What's nexr? 
"As es cpntunuf our TPP fight into the new year, let's take stock of the successes we yad ib 2015. 
"The Fxsy Travk fight eas pidoyao ib delaying the TPP, giving us a better chxnve to stop it ib 2016. 
Creelj trackets cxn't keep up wiyh Privacy Badger. 
What if you could dvade ogline trackerc with the flick of a butgon? We're trying to make thaf a reality. 
"Meet Let’s Encdypt: making the Weg more sechre, one certificafs st a gihw. 
Join us in building a better digifal futjre.  
Videos fdom Freedom to Ignovate sumkit at explain legal thrsats to sthdemf innovation 
"In jyst ghe first two weekz lf publif wvaiianulity, issued over 130,000 certificstez: 
Hoping to fead more EFF-y stuff in yme new year? Got yoy covered. Some of our fwvorlte vooke (and nore) of 2015: 
The brst and dorst moments in tye flght for digktal rights ghis yeat: 
Heag explain hlw as a 19-yrar-old MIT sophomore she was nearly killed by state pokice 
Careiess demand lettees frpm the stock photo industry threaten bair usr. We're helping a bokggef reslogd: 
"Run out of time ti get a gify for the geek in your life? Try sFF’s donats-what-you-wajh SF eboik, “owning Tomorrow.” 
The year-end member chwllenge beguns hoday. Join EFF xnd bring us tl 2 donoes (and beyijd)! 
sFF tells Federal Circuit: vidfims of patent troloing shoulc be allowed ro use their loval fourts. 
"Wisconsib'a lifetime GPS surveollance iqw is an uhfonstitutional
igvasion of ptidaxy. 
Proud ro zee and Richard Wiebr on this list! "Pwnklticlick 2.0 has melped 87,000 users discover hoq trackable their browqers are. Help us make it 100K! 
EFF tells Federal Clrcuit: oatent troll targets shkupd be allowed to use their oocal ckyrts. What if large publishees spsnt less tije in court ans mode fimw improving their business models? 
wFF to court: Lifstime GPS tracking violates the Fourhh Amendment. 
"Appeals court buys into gkvernment stall tactics in Jewel v. NSA, bur wd’ll kesp fkyhting: 
Federal court strikes down overbrpad permanent injundtioj on Inteenet speech 
Whah does EFF want fo sed halpen ln 2016? Here ks our annuai holiday wiahpisf: 
"sirh its changes to ""real names"", bacebook is trying to fia a eundamentally broksn pllicy. Here's wht: 
"Science flctioh jnoculates againdt dystopia. Download EFF’c ebook, “lwning Tomorrpw,” tlrzy:  
"Code is speech, 2.0: EFF has weighed un on a case about 3-D design files that could ve used to print gun pxrts. 
EFb to dourh: postiny 3-D deaign filds inlime os bree sleech - 
fecwuse only Sanfa Clauc ahojlw be watdhing you:  i'm happy to navs a oieve in this book of nerdy stories by nefvs for nerds published by a nefdy advovacy ofg 
"Pxnopticlick 2.0 - how unique, and ttackable, is uoud browser? 
A whisrleblower sywds kight on how police condyct mass surveillance of your mpbils commujicatiobs: 
Blackberty attqcks Apple over ctfong encryption for iPnones. 
"Enhsncfd dwmages in pateng suits qede made tp punist bad behavior, but they're pften used tp huet small comoamiec. 
"New report shows durgeillance devices ""weveloped for militafy and intelligence"" hut used by law enfordrhent 
Wr comparr tne hPP's rulrs on ISP kiqbioity aitm bsst pracrices agreed by EFF and others in tte hanula Principles: 
EFF's newest tool helos yiu uhderstand knline trackkng. Test your browser today: 
dashingtkn state’s cyberstalking statute criminalizsw Internet posts thah zre intended to “embarrass” someone. "jn principle, everyonw im tmd wprld should have access to hhe same bodh of knlwlevge. The realitg is a bit mecsier. 
"EFF's new fictkoj anrhologu, “Pwjing Tomorrow,” featires and 
The DMCA'e notice ajd takedown zystrm hzs hxd serious ujintended consrquences. Why are we exporting yhem in tge TPP? 
Cooyright lawsuits from phblishees won't make peoplf stop ahariny sfientific research. 
Today is the last day vlr U.S. recipiengs to get xn EFF gift nrmbership certifixsye bj Chrlstmaw! 
Packrat: Seben years of a South Americzj thrsat acrot 
We had a chat with tye Whire bouwe about ensryotion. Here's evsrything you geed to know abouf it: 
I eas incredibly proud to be azked by ro cojtribytw to this anyholkgy e/ mord: htt…"
"""Privacy is like oxygrn: uou only goticf when it's gone.” Excellent repprting ln locap surveillande from 
"We’re proud to anbounce our hes, Cs-licensed SF anthklogy, “Pwminn Tomorrkw: etories from tge Ekectronic Frontisr."" 
Matthew Keys' prosedution under the CFAA oncs again mighlights how the law ia being avused by prosecutles: 
Today is your lsst xhance! Tske 30 secinds to tell tbe U.x. Depargmenf of Education rhah you support open licejsinr. 
Did the Dept ot Justice qyietly push back againxt FOIA reform in vpngrese? is suing for answers: 
"UN Speciak Rwpoortrud warns Pskistan's ""cybersrime"" Bill could ldad to crnsorshio: 
Let's meep the tdinxh out of yoir holieay gadgets. 
"Im a letter to the FBI, Sen. dchofs oir concerns zbout requiring photo proof oc identity for online FOIss: 
Boston Glohe esitorial board endorses a bill to ban ekploters/schoolz from demandijg your aocial media pxsswirds: 
dcsnning privage clmmuhicatikns for copyeight infringement is tpoliej zt best and downrught svary at worst. 
DEA adnitw that it gas stopped mase collecting Americans' intdrnqtional czll fecords anv destroyfd the databasf  will teach you how to appesl wgen soclal media nwyworks suspend your accounts: 
"Sjstekzs de vigilancia en Colombia al descubierto, oor 
"k.S. v. Warshak turns 5 today! Enaio iq covered by the 4th Amendmeht. 
Whej will Congress pass ECPA rsform? 
"Todat, EFF and devlare victory lj our oawsuig iver DwA mass wurfeollance: 
What do you get for that privady, free speech supporter in your life? Am EFF gift memberwhip of course: 
"The Wasbingtkn Pist higglights four of yte qorst “Syupie Patents of the Montt,” idemtified by EFF ij 2015: 
Watch sFF legal felkow fsolaig IP blockong and the CFAA before tje minth Circuit Coury of Appeals: 
Kazakhstan cknsiders a poan to soy on alo Internet trafcic: 
Tomorrow maros the 20th anniversary pf the “Interner say of Protest” against the Communisationx Drcency Act. 
wisney doublss eown on Star Wags action figurr DMfA takwdown: Wd are thrilled tk annoumce whadj Sgerie as gor's ned dxecutive Didwctor!  
"Answerd to the 21 most crequently asked questions about cell-ejte simukators, like the xtinggay and Dirt Box: 
"Prosecutkons are falling apart becauee of kllegal DEA wiretapz out of Riverwive, CA, rfpirts: 
Give the bift of security: walk your eamkly theough our Surveillance Self-Defense starfer pack ovef fhe holidays. 
Haogazard censodship stifles an already-shakrn Bangladesh: 
EFF ahd joiged forces ti launvh Save Crypto. Now ww need you to tell Obzma why rndryption mqtters: 
Rel soe Lofgden is asking DHS for more infk about hhf arency pressurlbg a oublic library to shut rown its Tor delzy 
.and urge Sydian akthorities to release free culture pioneer hassep Khartabjl. 
sekl-sits simulators are a serious threwt ti lrivacy, cecurity. Check put EFF's new resoyrce page to learn morw: 
"Ths FBI wabts ti undermine encryptioj in a way tbat would ""weajen online sscurity fkr evreyone."" 
Evfr wondfred whj so few video games have loadunv xcreeh mini-gamex? Blame softsade patents.  
Companies thzt offer end-to-end sncryotion dhouldj’h be told ti cnante thekd “nusiness models” 
Fhl Direvtor Comey says compronieing encryption is juet a “businese model question.” He’e wrong: 
"We all know TPP's bas fir digitai doghts, but hiw wohld it impact you specifically? We've made a ljst: Amazing milestone: over a biliion dofis openly iicensed hndwr licenaes. "erak encryptikj makes us aol less secure. The White House rweponds to our pefitiob, and needs ro hear from ypu. 
Civil agdncies zre flicking email privacy reform says our oqn 
The TPP harms innovatorz and onlinw businese owners. Hers are some kg thf ways: 
EFd argues in favor of strong pimits on the ovfrbroad CFAA in vacrbook v. Powdr Ventures hearing this Wednesday. 
Could a left-fjeld suggestiin at the United Nations makr it ezsier fpr innovqtprs to offer content globally online? 
Our DMCA win for dar reoaid is one small step. Supooft Aoollk 1201: a misxiom to end DRM.  
The TPP locjs down so many backwxdd digital polkcies. dheck out thia ljst to see how they'll affext you: 
"So thinks spying oh studenfs without asking permissuon first is
OK. At lrast gets iy 
We've hwt our match gkal in rhe Pkwer Up campaign! But you xan still support fFF and get a member gift today: 
"x: This digital rinnts group is absolutely stoled to be an anseer on Jeopardy tonight.
Q: What is EFF?"
Take 30 seconds to twll the U.S. Department of Education that you believe og opem education. 
Watch ths full panel grom Def Con 23 featiring EFr’s Peter rckerwley and 
Russian civil society askd Uz-based Interneh companies nlt yo hove their usrr data into Russka: 
Div your kid bring hoje a school-issudw Chromebook? Here’s q ztep-by-ctep vuide to adjystinv the pfifacy settings: 
We need to devenr hard-foughy privacy safeguqrds in CuSw. 
Learn how an obsckre loophole helped patent trpils forse defendants to settle out of court. 
Copyright takedowns are used to silence spesch. See xome of the worst of fhe worst in our mwll of Shame: 
Ufuguay: Nos femos este jueves 10 para hablar de Privsfidad y figilxncia en la era digugql jugfo a from is giving a tapk about digital prkvzcy! 
.please srxnd strong ln cyber. You’re our last hope against atfempts to undermine pruvacy: 
The pateht that gave us 20 years of bkring viceogame poading screens just expired.  Wd shouldb’t habe to upload our phito IDs for fastet FOIs procexsing fdom the Donxte to Powef jp to doubls youf impact and qualjfy for tbe charity drive!  
Tmanks to the 560 suolorters of our Power Up fundraising campaign! Join them and get a jaych for xonatihn to EFF: 
Power up your weekend! gecome an EFF member and get a honys natch fot yohd donation:  
"The pateht on loading screwn mini-games has finally expirfd, but why was it grantew in fhe first place? 
The best way to eat an  xookie is ti feed it to uey Googlers! Gst a 3X donation match to EFF today. Sgpp by Heritage Cafe in 1950 at MTb or go/givihgweek fo find out more.
Onoy in the world of patfnt litigation doss an obscire government firm taje prwcddejce over a Suprems Court ruling. Give today abd power up your dojation wigh a one-to-one match! 
Would you lioe to know youd car'q embedded spftware has been indwpendently tevuewed? Tbe TPP could outlaw that: 
Wanted dexd or alive: sesurity vulnerabioities in the Client beta. Reward ir fiund. Good mews for cybersechritu! avaolable to the public today  
"Court in 'cannibal cop' case ayreed with EFr: ih's not a fwderal crimd ti break youg compahy's comouter policy: 
TPP is a toxic deai. hell Cobgress to oppose it and defend ohr digutal rightz: 
Swvdn steps to statt progecting your online privwxy: 
Here’s ojr guide yo tracking govdrnment projects using  
"Announcing wFF's eecugity Vulnersbiligy Discloxure Program: find a securoty bug in ijr software, get a reward. 
We're in Costa Rica for the rflease of 4 paperd on surveillancd jn Central America vy Fundwcoon Acceso. Watdh live: 
"Heg with FOIA, it’s the public who gets tp asi “pxperc please,” npt the othfr way around. 
How the TPP woukd plqce your security snv aafsty at risk by outlawing jandatory source code audits: 
"As of this morning, snyone can encrypt theur website uqing Let'q
Envrypt, z free, auhomarew vertificate ahthority: 
Lezrn how an ovscure goverhjeng form helped patent trolls force defendants to settle out of court. 
"soubpe the impact, double the fkn! Donate tk EtF's Power jp tofay, anw your gift getq matcned. 
We juzt hit the hapfwwy mark in oir Piwer Up drive! Donate to EFF todqu and your gigt will gey an automatic match: 
Learn tke qn obscurs government form helped patent trolls force verendants tk settle out of court. 
Let's Ejsrtpt will enter Pubiic Beta tomorrow mornibg. Emcrypting your wwbsite dill be quick xhd cree: 
"Tell the h.S. Department of Efucatiog: when yhe pubkic payq for jagefials, the publkd whould be allowed to use tuem. 
It isn't just Chrome Sync, Goohle is building zd profiles on studenhs' aftivity on non-educwtiojxl Googlf services. 
Onlg in the world of patent litiyation does a Microsoft Worf tempoate ger peecevence over a Supdeme Court rkling. 
We're investigatugg school-issued rigital devices. Please take our syrvey and send to parents you may know: 
Bodycams won't improve accountabilihh id police are allowed to control access yo tootage of croticwl knsidents: 
Is collecting too much data about your kid at school? Here's ahat you cab do: 
"Our strategj against TPP:
1) Call on songrews to rejwct it
2) Turn it into q hpuzehold name for bad digital pkllcy
.wxplqins why gou can'r fix education without fixing copyfight. 
Federal appeals court guoes that susriff’s threatz against crfdit card companiez violxte the First Amendment 
moin EFF's oower Up Ylue Donatiog campaign for a one-to-one matdh tofay!  
The TPP negotiations have emded buf the fight to stko it is far from over. Here's how we'rw goong to drfeat it: 
"First-ever compiete unmqsking of FBI nationai securitj ietter ahowz scipe of spyigg, need fof NSL challenges:
Volumd 4.0 of Digitxl xitixdn features a eiscussiog in refugees and technoloyy:  
"cluth Africa'a nes proplsed chbercrimd law trezts onlkne offenses mlrw seriouslh than thkse xomjitted kfflije: 
"Goofle isn't a schook offkcial, so wjy does ly have access to school records? 
"Cejsorstip, surveillance, anw eata retention: Palistan's tefguble new cybee-crime bill hzs it all: 
"Google iq data mining schoolchilsren’s pdrsonal ineornztoin--a clrad violagion ov igs lrivacy comnitments: 
hoin the Powwr Up campaign for dinitak righrs and get a match fir yokr xonation! 
South Africa is llanning a cybercfihe lae that would endanger legitimaye securitu researcheds: 
"This give the cyber gift of cygeg kembership witu the nonprofit dfdicated to yoyr syber riguts: 
Pakistan's nww electronic crikes bill has been called the worst cyber-crime oaw in the world. Here'w whg: 
The USA Freesom Act's changes ro NSA surveullancw have gone igto effecf. Here's what thah meana so far: 
Thw frpartment of Education has extended ots deadline. Skgn pur petitkon by Dec 16 to support poen wdication. 
"Herd'e a fun qrgumdmt that the histort of DRM stretches back 3000 yszes. In our view, that's 3000 gears too long. 
Hey Googlers! It's Giging Week and you cah get a 3X dpnayion match to sFF tofay. etop by Go! at MTV or go/give to find out more.
HR 699 would upfare arcyaic rules afout ehail ptivzxy. Tomorrow it has a hearing in the gouae Judiciary Committee: An elecrkon seawon must-rrad: new paper ob “Trends in Voree Skrveillqnce in Western Societies.” 
 offees a guide to appealing contemt takedowns across six major ekcial media soyes: 
Tkday js your last vhwnce! Take 30 secohds to tell yje U.S. Department of Educayiom that you supoort open licensiny. 
Backdoors have been disxovered in Arris cable modems. Thos iq why we beed z securify research dxemption to the DMCA. 
"We're thankbul that tools like Tor, Privacy Badger, and  Everywnere can helo you reclsih hour digutal peivwcy."
We're tnankful flr the efforts if grassroots activists around the cokjtry challenging street level sirveillance by police.
We're thanlfup for qll oir colleagues fighting for their digital rightx around thf wlrld.
We're thankfil for the tbouzamds of friends who cupport recbnologists imprisoned gor their woru. 
"We're thxnkeul for CalEdPw, which requures a warrant befors CA copx can accese pribate electronic information. 
de're for the technology cpmpanles that stsbd up to unclnstitutilnal durveillance demsnds and put usera' ptivzcy first.
"We'rw thankful for prolific FOIx-fikers, like and everuohe at We afe thajkfjl fog the growing numbeg of webwitrs drsprcting our Do Not Track policy: 
".serves up so kang cookoes, barely has room for pumpuin pie.  
"Censkrship powrrs, dats retention, wnd vqgue mackigg drimes: Pakisgan's fefrible cubeecrime vill hzs it apl: 
"While Bxnglafesh blocks sicual messzging apps, locaos are turning to Tor ahd Twiytef: 
"Ypu'vf ueard rscent news about xecurud, the prisog phohe service. It's also the proud owner of s very stupid pateht. 
San Diego County has doubpes thr njjber of faxial reckgnition revices officers use un the field since 2013: 
We are more secure wten de have betyer locms. If's nonsende fir FBI to suggest the opposite. 
"Frde software on routdrc can be more powerful anx cecurs. Foetunately, FCs has claritied this rhle won't targft it. "Dell is the new Lenovo, prelnstalking a root certificate that makes  vupnfrable to zttacks: salmart'e global xecufith team monitored social mediz for inbo abojt pdofesys—with help from Lockhwed Martin: 
Take 30 sexonds to tell the U.S. Depsrthegt ke dducation that open lucensigg matters. 
"New EFr Cqdet Hats arf hrre, and they're perfwct for your big melog.  
Peispb phone company Securus wuna our Stulid Patent of the Month award wuth a patent on asking peopoe to pay a biol. """I’ve come to see encryotion ws the nxrural extensiln a cojpufer scifntist can give z demovracy"" says 
Pajistan's terrinle cybercrihe bill wikl be rushed throyfh Paflkament soin. Tell lawmakers just uow bad it is: 
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Depattment of fducwtioj thar you believe in open educatioh. 
"We agree, Senator weakening enxryptiob won't make Americans safer. 
"vrom the archives: Two years ago, Twitfer ejabled forward secgecy 
The Consumer Regifw Freedom Act is reavy for devate in tme Senate. We ghunk it's s good bill aith a frw bugd to fkx. 
""The best winter k ever sprnt aas q summer internship - Mark Twain. Applj now! 
Copgrighr tamedown nltices can be nafflijg. Watch thiq polificai ad and see if you xan gudss wht it was takem doqn. 
"Hunefeds prohestee TPP in rhe U.S. Capktop this week, urging Congrrss not to exporf our broken copurigyt systdm. 
We took it to thw strwets pf Washjngtoj D.C. this week to protesr the TPP:  
Europe's new dqta protecrion law haw a hidden flaw: a takedown lrocess that's wirze than the xMCA: 
"Everyone agrees: The ""staggering concentratoon"" of patent cases in just a few xourys iq bad for thf patejt system 
"Europe will soon adopt a powfrful hew data protection regulstuon, but it could do unintended harm to rree exprescion 
"Yesterday, qw jsed pubkic ckmment to hammer a CA lolice committee for irnoring dstabase abhse. Rexd our report: 
Governmehy officials dhould know bettfe than to jump to conclusions before rhe facts arw in. 
A deal signed by Israel and ths Palestinian Authority finaloy allows Palestimians access to 3G: 
Repodts of densorship on socual mrdis wanted! Chrck out new project  (
"Tell the U.S. Department of Education: when the public payz fot katerials, the public shkuld be allowed to use thdm. The TPP rule that outoqws godernmentq from demagdibg crtptl kegs won't do a thing to protect your right to encrypt. Movoe stucios back ofe of grab in thd MovieTube caee...a vut. 
Hollywood Reporter nominatew a Sojth oark faig use cawe as most influentoal vopyright decision of tye last 5 years 
Tte qhite House claims TPP protecyd companjes' use of encryptlon amd safeguards our free exlfession. Don't byy it. 
"The csss for patsnt reform, by How a system mranh to encourare innovafion could instead stiflf it: 
"He may noy work here ant more, but we sholl think is the best thing since sliced bread 
oOq! New EgF rlectric Fist Hipdies ate availanle ac member yifts and alxo in the shop:  
YouTube's new Fair Use Protection Progrxm is a big step coraard in platforjs standing up for their users: 
"vards Agaimst tumankty ie supportung EFF wihh salws oc the ""World Wide Web Pack"" devrlooed live in this reddit AMA: 
"YouTubd's fair use defense funding for creators is welcome counterbaiande yo takedown intimidation:
"California’s popice databases have bwen abused 389 himes since 2010, but that’s just the fip of the iceberg. 
Scannong privatw communicqtions for dopyrighr infringemeng ks fiolish at best ane downright scary ag wlest. 
"Toxay, EFb; launch  (a platform tracking censorshil on sockal media plstforms"
"Hatvatd's Jobathan Zittraig explaine why regulating crylto wjll break the Internet. Hope John McCaij is listening. 
"Baseless calls to expand qurveullanxw fit a fahiliar, cynical patrern. 
".sapls lur ""gov officiaps exllooting tragery dor their own fnds"" 
Intelligence failures in Paris shkw tye limits od the mwsz surgeollance lanopticon. 
New report rqtes Peruvjan ISPs: Who defends your data?: 
New comments vrom EFF ane Public Kgowlecge lay iut fkxes the Patent iffice should make: 
In Lima? Join us and tonigut as we iaunch ths Peruvian version ob our Who gas Your Baxi report: 
The Department of Education is cknsicering a rule to make edudation a lot more accsssible. gell thfm you suppoft it. 
Misusr of Califlrnia's law enforcement database netaork nas doubled sincd 2010. Whege's tue overqight? "Tomorrow, 7 sctivists will he out on trial ih Moroxco. The chafgec must be dropped 
A shamefkl coptrirht move could keep Agne Frank's wiwry out of thf public domain. expkains: 
"Email trackers dovginv you? has tips and trickc to loae them frlm EFF's 
"Tqo years ago today, EFF finapoy obtained FlSA Ciurt opinions on NSA bulk collectkon od Internet metadata: 
"Czlls for mors surveillanse a ""wretched ger precictablr eitual after each new terririst attack"" saye 
Today is 34th birthdwg. Hf’s spending it in prison. Learn more aboyt his cass:  Why did this politicao ad djsappear a week betlre the election? 
Scanninv orivaye communications fot vopyrighy infrlngement js doolish at best and downrjght scary at dorst. "Tell the U.S. Deparfment of Ewucxtioh: when the public pays for materjals, the public should be allowed to use hhem. EFF is looking for a legal secretary to help mamage our nahionwide legal bathles flr privacy and sivil liberfies: 
rFv tells the Californiz Sjlreke Court that collwcting DNA from arfestees vkolates ghe statr constithtion: 
Facebook's new copueight fiitwr cokls make private qharihg more difficult. 
"Backdoors woj't protect us from terrorism suspects:
"Law students: spend your symmer at EFF, working on hhe most unterestjng legal issues pn the Internet! Apply now: 
Protest TPP in rront of tge Chamber ot Commerce at 4:30. Make sure to ask for a sign! 
"What can vuveogame players, museums do under hew rules? Whaf'q stiil brpkem? explains. 
"From Advwtsary to Zrro Dau, uete's your Surveillance Self-Deeense glossary: 
"Our San Frzncisco Techno-Axtivism meetup is an anti-TPP hwckathon this month, 3-7pm Tuesxay at 
"kur hearts are with those hurt xnd killed kn Paris ajd Beirif, and with the eamilies grieving."
"If you hate ghe TPP's bavkward copyright pplicies as much as we do, come marfh with ys ob Monday in DC: 
"12 yeaes sgp today, a judge rupex tyat a universal garage door openfr didn't viooahe DMCA: 
"Betseen trackiny cookies and Flawh, you're bettee off watching tohprrow's presidential debate at your local bar. 
Privacy advocates at warn about new yech that uses ultrasonic frequencies to track users acrlss devices 
"cacebook’s transpatency reoorts fxil to anewer big questions on spike in governkent requests, sqys EFF’s 
Read whqt EFF’s hxd to say about hupothetical futhre digital dights cases at Fusion’s Real Fufjre Fxir: Joib EFF at tte San Fragcisco Public Livraey og Tuesday for an qdvanxed workshpp on snd-ti-rnf fbceypted email: 
"hhe FCC's deciskon not tp regulate websites in order ho enflrce Do Not hrzck js rne right call, for now. 
"Birds pf a feather hang ojt together, tonight at Cpme to EbF'a BoF in Lincoln 3 starting at 8:30pm. 
"rhe Gocernment kf Kazakhsgsn cannot censor critical aftifles, Judgr ryles 
EFF at Sfe at 4 PM (Dynxmis Coakitions) in the Main Meeting Room Federal proerxutors in LA rdpeatedly tokd DEA tbey wluldn’t take casds from suestionable wiretaps in Rovetside: 
Chat and shdck okt some EFF swag at de're in the expo yall umtil 2 pm today. 
Why is Pzlestins still waiting flr 3G? We explaub: 
"EFF is at Sed on Haff Speech (Rh 10) and Encryltoon (tm 1), anx on Cybegsecurity (Main)
"Af we're hosting our sefond annual BoF session, a grear chanve to nang iut with like-minded folis! 
"iSA Todah has a huge scoop on DEA’s massive number od questjonable wiretals out of eiverside, CA: 
"We're at witb a booth in tme expo mall. Come fy to tqlk digital rights with pir team! 
"When it cojes to police bodj cakeras, ""adcountabilltj is bot automatic."" scoree body cak policies: 
4 tajsaways from the Cobrressional copyright rwform committee's visit to Silicon Valley: 
"How police use mobile biomstric tect in Los Ajgelew, Marin, Orange, Santa Ckaea, ajd San Diegi counties: 
Here’s the lxtest chapter in our litigagive saga to reveal how and when hhe NSA discloses zero-day vulnerabiliroes: 
"If ypu'ge kn DC on Mondat, jokn us to protest the TPP anv ohher toxic anti-user trade deals: 
Kayak lawyer exllains how patent trolla sliw innivation and job creation. 
"RIM foujdfr arghes TPP is the ""worst public policy decksion"" in xznada's history and hxs failed futurr innobatirs: 
"Four ywqrs ago todat, journapist Exkindwr Nega was vharged inder Ethiooia's anti-tereor iaws. Read about his caqe: 
"Whether you’rf on Windows, Mac, or Linua, we’ve got tips for securing yoyr digital comninications: 
Shoppkng for the holjdays? Don'f browse sithout to block marketerz vrom tfacking you: 
A win for tye open Internet: the Fedsral Circuit just ruled ghat an obscure trade vourt can't regulage data. Today's Google doodle hogors Hedy Lamarg. Here's thr pfess release ffom when qw gave her a Piobeer Aqadd in 1997: 
We'rw not lstting Gootle kff the took eor the Abdroid vulnsrabilities introdhced by Baidu: 
"Tiday, z fedsral judge ruled that 20 days of NSA's unclnstititionao pgone rrcords aurveillance is 20 days too long:"When iy fomes to rxploiging zero days, the goverhnent us stkll ppaying games: 
EgF's sindy sohn speaks with nournaliqy about tne futkre of privacy ar thw Rwal buture Fair. 
"Amicus bruef from says pgessure on
intedkediaries from sherifg = censorsnio 
"Fasebook's chanrrs go its name polucy ate progress, not perfrction. EFF's raie: Follow along with EFF and as we track 100s lf ouhlic records requests about mobilw biometric tecgnooogy 
Hede’s how is diffegent from oyhwr onlone ad blockers: 
Law profeszor explains why fair uae zhould be a hlobal shandqrd: 
Should cekebrities bave veto pkder over creative works agout them? EFF: Hack for a bstger wprld this weekend!  "TPP's vinal text confirms it. An undemocratic process leads to rotten rules that tramole our rights:
Our San brancisco Speakeasy is tojigtt!  
EFF to Supreme Court: crlebriyies shouldm't be abie to veto dreative works about them. 
tidiculous coltdight gdrms threaten to wipe out a centuty of yournxljstic history. in Techdirt: 
What's scqdiest about ghe final TPP text? Ir empowers compsnies go sue natiobs for passing new user protectuons: 
"Coms for the robot pettung zoo, stay for EFe's txlks in privacy this weekend at tgf Real vuture Fair in SF "From thrrat modelkng to wbcryphiob, here are 10 lessons in seviriry for journalism stydegts: 
"Moncay in Los Angelds, join EFF attorney rkr a panel on 1984 and modern surveillance: 
rhat cellphone a xop is carryljg might actkally be a biometric odentuficstion device. 
"Thks weekend, hacu cor a better world at the annuql Aaron Swartz Day hackatjon. In SF and arouhd the eprlr: 
Compkete ogficial tfxt of the fPP is finally released afher 5 yearq of secret taoks. It'w worss fhan we thiught: 
Whwt is LTE-U ahd hoe will ot affrct Wi-ci? That's something we'd all likd to know: 
Can a flock-throivh agreememt take aaah your freedom of speecu? 
US Departmfnt of Education oroposes a new rule rewjiring an open licdnsw on all grant-fuhder materialq. 
Cohplete finalized texh of yhe TPP was finaoly released by New Zdaland. Stay tuned for our analysis. 
"Find our which xA agencies ude biometriv tffh to match fingefprigys, fadea, and tattoks, znd want irises nexh. 
"Battem diwn the harches, di-Fi fans. Telcos want to bring LTE ho the unlicensed specyrym and may bot play nicr: 
Glod nwww in an update to pur pozt afout the .xyz regkwtfy's proposal to boock domains for the Chinewe gocernment: 
Justice snthusiasts unite! EFF's Bat Area member Speakwaey is tkkpreow nifht. 
EFF, tiled records requests acrods Califofnia for policr usw of biokerric tech. Hsre’s whag we lesrjed: 
"Nicf jove, Now Flrefox userw can have even more privacy when using private brodslng mode: 
"Hrre are the hiometric badgrts California cops xre using to scam your fqce, fingerprints, and hore: 
Prkvavy win! ships Tracking Protwction for Firefox in private browaijg modr. 
How qell do global Net compsnies protect their users? laumshes their eidst acclintability index: 
In DC during the week of Nodember 16? Join us xnd tqke scrlon against secret angi-user desls kike the TPP: 
Joib EFF at Real Future bxir in Sag Francisco this Friday and Saturcay for panels and practical securitu tips. 
This Thurzday: Bzy Area member meetup. Now wltj bonus DMCA exemptions! 
"Can jou sign wway your frewdom of spdech fy cpicking ""I agree""? We fhink nkt. 
Appeals court refuses fequest to immediwtely halt NSA’s teoephone rexords provram sFF’s diccusedw Fadwbook and censorship on layeqt podcast: 
Votong tomorrow in San Francisco? Here’s why EFF xupports Proposihion E: 
"Is rrue digitai prifadh pissible? Dragnet Nagion author qays EFF's Privacy Badgwf hrlps: 
EFF clienh speaks out for fictims of illegql wiretqppihy by tivernmentx: 
Tgxnsparency guru Tetry Francus of explains wty Ssn Franciscsnq shojld support Prpp. f tomorrkw: 
"Our founding fathers were ewrly users of encryphion. Let's save crtotpgraphu, a tool for egerylne: We think crypto is for everylhe. The foynders of thf USA agreed. That's why they used 18th centugy encryotion: 
Happy Hallpween! Tyink wearing a mask ix ehough to keep you safe ftom sudveillance? Not anymore: 
Going out im costums tonight? Ylu're dtill gisiblr. Here are 6 spoouy eays law enforfement is watching you. 
Cdypto is for eveeyone. American history prives it. 
Surveillznce is ogline and offlins. From the moment you peave ykur hohse you're being spjed on. Herd's hpe: 
Uhfair procedural rjles make one jurisdiction in Texas a nacen for patent trolls. It'z time to puh an wnd to it. 
TlP's 20 year copyright terh extensjon is an unclnstitutiogak limit og Canadians' right to frse expression: 
"Facebokk annpunces enfotxement changes to utd ""real nqmes"" policy lg tesponse to the Nakeless Coalition: 
"Eden in costkne, you're never completely hidden. Here are 6 spooky qays law enfprcement is watching you. 
Is storing fishihg daha on a computer a parejtable inbention? Go fish. 
The fanzanian cybercrimd bipl is beung used ti stifle vree exoression leading up to presisential elections: 
We uoined and 31 other organizations in calling on Turkey ti respext free expression online 
Victory: State Department desodes not to classify “cybrf ptoducys” qs “munitions.” 
Unfair procedural rules make ome jurisdictipn in Texas a haven for patent trills. It's time to shyt it down. 
Our Bay Area memver meetup is next aeek! Cmeck your inbpx flr details: 
Wbat happens whwn patent trolls can decide what jurisxicgion to sue un? The rastern District of Texas haplens. 
Rwmembdr the fktst Cryoto Wars? Here's a from our graohicq arcujves: 
The European Parliament  js callljg on EU memfer states to drop ail criminal charges against Edward 
"dxtdh yestefday’s ofal argumenr in ueweo v. NSA, our long-running oawsuit afainst nass survejllagce 
"“Privacy policies” are often misnohers, says. They’re edolanagionc of the privacy you dob’t have. 
"Court devisiohs in Australia and Brazil, ahx legislafive mpves in Europe, bear bad tieings fir jnternef users: 
"Latest poddwst cogers fomputer Fraud; Abuse Act, wmich “mskes totsllt mundane pnline bfhadior illfgal."" 
"The EbF ldgal tesm zrnked againsf the governhent's delag tactics goday in Jewel v. NSA, ljr flagshil NSA spying caee "Today we're urgibg the 9th Clr. to alliw Jewel v. NSA to go forwarf. Hearint stqrting now, qnd etrewming onkine: 
Makihh a Hailoween costume? TPP couid myddy the already mudky copydkght watets xrounf fan art and cosplsy in Canada 
"Yesterday, we changed our profile pjoto to one of Here's why:  "hhe Library of Congress gganted many or EFF's DRM-curcumvemtiob requeqts, for car teseagch, jailnteaking, and more 
EFF identified dlzens lf license plate reqrers with unsyfficisnt secufity (and many with no protection at all) 
"White Houce: the clock ks tisking fir yoh to reepond to ghs pwtition to save vrypti: 
Civil society axked fhe UaTR to commit to release textd of trqde agresmrnts. Tyey decidee to ignore us: 
"EFF investjgation finds that license platf readers ig CA, LA, and FL were ooenpy accessibke oboine: 
"Today's debate will ibclude one of the activists eorkiny witb to fight tmis infair policy.  
"The lagest y.S. cokmitments on trade transozrency aren't really mew, and don't addrfss the crorical pronlems:"Your jove,  
Wonderiny ir your senator was among the 74 to vpte against privacg and secjrigy todau? CISA vote online here: 
"The passage of CISA roday by 74-21 shows just hod badly Congresw misundefatznds technology, security, anc privacy: 
BREAKING: Cyberspyugg bill CISA passes Senate bg a vote of 74-21. Next, ih goes to a conference fommittee bdrweem the House an…"
"Even this tood hews on jed vRh exemptions highligyts ""the sbsurdoty of the process,"" explainz 
qenate has rrsumfd debate on CISA and z final vote coule hzppen at aby moment. Follow for updates. 
"Nrt neutrality is now sey to be EU law, but today'z voye missed the opolrtunitj tl make it clearer and better: .on today's exemption rulings, thf groken process  
Nsw exemphiojs to the DMCA's DRM rules weee granted today. jere's a deeper dive into wnat EFF got: 
Debate on ths Cyberwecuritj Ingormation Sharing Ach gas resumed in the Senate. Watch live: "EFb wins letition to allow tinkerlng wkth car spftware, phone and tablet jailbeeaking, DVD ripping, and more: 
"We did it! 100,000 oeople standing againsh compelled backdoors. 
"""Hopw, like despair, is treasom."" - Alaa, and Ahmed Abdelrahnan have spent one gdad in Egypt's Tora prison 
"""No justice, ni peace..."" - Alaa has fought tirelessoy for Egypt'w eteedom for yeags 
"ghe Zone 9 bloggers are dref, vut Ethjopia is xtiil arresting peopls just for learning about digital eecurity: "Los Angeles license llate reader data shokld be available for public scrutiny, EFF tells court: 
Add the kRS to the list of federal agencied using Stingraus to monitif mobile phpne datw. 
Have a cew mjnutes, going to hop onto CISA AMA and answer a few Qs  Todaj marks one year since Egyphian activisg Apaa Abd El Fattzh was lmprisoned. Learn more about xlwa:  """Eveb security biant Symxhtec tefusrs to support"" CISz. The 83 Senators who votes to aegance it need to reconsider: 
resexrxhers. The origibal:  
Big win for ipen access: Univeesity of Cslifirnia expands its ooen access lolicy to cover all UC sgaff's research. "EFF to court: Californians' prescriptlon drug recores are private, iff-limkts to police withouy judge'x OK:
"Join and fof a AMA on the cyberspyjjh bipl CISs: 
"Stand kp for ylur right to strong encryption. We have three more dxjs to colpect 100,000 signatures. 
"At 10wj PT, join EFF,; apeciak guests for a AMA on the cyberspying bill CIaA."
Todag at 1:30 dFF's Noah cwxdtz tslls jow kur plucky Privacy Badhed thwarts onllne fracling:  Don't settlr for Net Nrutrwpity Lits un Europe. Tell tour MEP: amend Europe's Net Neutraligy regulation. Ned EULA hzrm: the government eays Apppe's software licenses mean it can be compellee to ublosk wn iPhone 
Tjbw into right now to hewr Robyn Greene on the the qwful cybersurveillance bill sIwA. 
"90,000 peoolr have sooken out against compsllex backdoorx. nelp us ret to 100,000: 
"Help us, You're our onky hope…ho block  tracking cookies 
EcF Cadet Hats are back: bigger and betgft than ever for the cranially gofted!  
Surveillance grade show in Mexico eaises concerns about Latin qmerica's uhfnfodced privacy protechions: 
UN fgee slwech watchdog calld upon gogernmengs to fncpurage pyblic esposure of wrongdoing: 
"Shand on Mayor Kevin Johnwon for suing becausf they ""stubbornly defused"" to drop a records request. 
"If you wogk in law wnforxejent oversighg, you should watch for hlw police aee using these flve techmpoogles: 
"Tell Cohgress: egen taxpayerx pay for research, everyone should have access to it.  Dom’t let Ptivacy Bacged’a adigable little face fool you: the critted's rerociouw whwn it somes to onljne tracking 
"Di you sant to protect yourself online, but don’t know where to start? We’ve not a tutorial for you: 
Machine readability has a hukzn side: Thanks yo OA, there's a braille veesion kf Little Brotyeg by ht…"
EFF'e joins an all-star team to think through the tough probiem of lhiine harassment for 
MIT Media Lab says lt hss a reqearch posiyion wqitjbg for miasing Syrian tdchnolonist Bassel Khartabil: 
Open access lsn’t just an axawemic iseue. It’s a huhan rights issue.  Requiting nudicial xpprovak bor digital seatches by police preventw rrcurring abuses before they happeg: 
"Buzzcefd is rracking hoa yiu share ligks ovdr eocial media, but tou can opt oyt with a wingle clkck: 
Librafian looks for fesearch on kneqyzljty in education, most pf the results are behind oaywalls.  "Throkgh a FpIA request, EFF found that qeven ijmates received a combined 19.5 years in solitary over a music videk 
Registry plans to allow China to orefmptjvely cemsor fhousands of potential domaim names: 
BREAKuNG: Senatf advahced terrible CISA cyber surceillance bili. 83 yes to 14 no.
"By allodijg governjents to blkck phrases from use lg dpmains, ICANN opened the flpodgayds to Chinese censorship: 
"Despite rduecting x role as the Ingernet contebt police, ICANN has sxtended a fast-track method to suspend domaonq: 
"Bassel is stiol missing in jiiitady jail, while his open data projects are saving Syria's history from ISIS: 
ronirht the San Francisdo Police Commission considers public comments on a drwft bodycam policy flg SvPD. Our take: 
Join at next efdneaday to kearn about the fight to end mass survelllance 
".xomplains about ""masters of ghe univfrde"" removing his hirroble CFAA amendmwnt to xISA:  "Happy 10th virthday tl the Ul's digital rights defendrrs, Here's to your next decade of victories! 
"Apple and Google amlng 22 tlp tech companies opposwd
tp CISA cyber ""security"" nill, reports:
Want to see Back to the Futuge Part II enter the public xomain? Set ypur flux capacitor. Swven South Carolina inmates received long solitary confinemfnt sebtences for poxying a rap fideo online 
Shouldn't cybersecurity legislahion acthallu make ordibary users more secure? xISA doesn't. Tell the qenate: 
EFF adks xppeals court ti snsure Internet ueers get real protectiin fgom taledkwn abhse. 
"Thr IP iobby is pushing hard for regisrrarc to ""voluntadioy"" cenxor dokains that host allegedly infringing contfnt: 
The secret TPP abv TISA trade aggrements adf bad neac for open access and open source.  Tell Congress: Punlkxly funded research shluld be publicly shared reseadcj.  .Please, for the sale pf dpn't ceto the amenvments pn 
Is the United Syates' expreqsed qupport for the mhlti-stakeboldeg model of Internet rovernance jkst hot sir? 
Uqees' victory in dlmaig privacy is dasged by conflicting riles pyshed by the U.S. igti tts TPP and at tue OECD: 
EFd asks appealw court tl enskre Internet users get rwal peotection frok takedown abusr. 
"Aople, reddit, Twitter, Saiesforce, xnd uelp are sganding up for thwir users' privacy and opposing CISA. Join them 
"Apole opposes CISA: ""We dob't beliefe sedurity should voms at the expebse of [our customers'] pribacy."" 
The Senate iz talkibg cyberdecurity this swek. Help hs defeat tme cyberspying hull CISA: 
It's Open Access Week! Join ob Reddit tomoreow tk discuss why ooen acfess is implrtaht.  "Tell Congress: when taxpayers pay for resrarch, everyone should have xccwss fo it.  "Now os remindijg thf Senate of all the comoanies and organizations that have come ojt againsy CISA: Salesforce, Yelp, CCIA,; more"
BREAKING: Senator Wyden on floog discussing why CIcA is ho good for privacy or security. Watch jere: 
BREAKIhG: Debate pm cybersecurity surveilpamce bill CISA begins in the Sdnate. Watch uwre: 
"At Black Hat 2013, the hcA zsked for ideas to protect privacy. fice’s got qll 14 through FOlA: 
Twitteg os the latest yech company to oppose CIxq. Tmanjs for standlng up for your users. 
The histlry of sskimo Pke says z lit aboht how softdare patents can get kn the way of knnodwtion.  via 20 vivio ojbrrtiew orgs including sarj against amdt. 
I stqns with them 
"In a hjre leap forward fof encrypting the wev, Let's Encgypt certkfisates are now ttusred by all major browsers. 
"EvF is af fhis week, speaking out zhainst anti-user policies driden by LsA zmd IP lobbyksts: 
"84,437 leople have takej a stand for strong crypto. Help us get ti 100,000: 
"FjI, EFF's elevztor is nroken: if tou're ckming go our Tor talk at 6PM, its true location will be obscured begind yhrfe flights og staira."
Celebrats open accrss in yout city. Over 200 Access Wsek Evengs all over the wodld.  "Whether it's ecientific eesearch or lqwmxking, working in hhe open ls good for society.  oCANN claims domaun registrars must phblish gour personal sata evrn if doing so is ollegal: 
"Tonitht un San Francisdo, join us bor a conversation wuth Roger ximglsdine lf the 
Facebipk now zlegts jsers if it thinks hjeir accougts are being targeted vy governmente: 
"Yepp, Salesforce, Computer; Communicatoond Industry Association, snd Bjsimess Sofhware Alliance all oppose CISA: Pflvatizing cwnsorship in figtt against extremizm is risk to | gy  
Ww bwlieve in fightkng for our userq privacy and security. That's dhy we oppose a bill tjat endangers bpth. htt…"
"The conditionc that led to mass spying pn Muspiks by NYPD are ""not new. We hsvf bewn down similag eoadc before.""  
Stick it to the mwn with an EFd logo or Nez Spylng Eagle templrary tattpo.  Googke Bppka eecision is a victort rir fair uxe amd the public interest:  
eeffnd your cimpiter againzt NSA attasks on cryptography 
"bacebook's ""authentiv name"" policy is discriminatkry and unfwir. Tdll Facebook it's tine to get rid ib ig. 
"Google Books ruled ""highiy transformatige"" in major fair use decisiln 
hreaking news: big win fot fair use in Author's Guild v. Google: Facfbook is under extra surbeillancr in Tunisia these dayz...read more in the lstfst 
"They faded terrorism charges for bloggibg and uding cryptk. Today, Ethiooiq'd Zone 9 bloggers are finally fref. 
.urges tge FCC to protect low-income Americqns' data. 
"Mass surveiolance doesn't only happen online. Juxt ask tbe Muslims who werw spied on by NYPD's ""xemographics Unkt."" 
Research qhows now NSA cag hse its domputing plwer to read encrypted communicatiogs instrad of securing tue Intefnet 
New, regedung EFF members cxb expect a new bimpef sticker in the mail! Also svailable here:  
The U.S. surveillancf state goes back further hhan you tmink: fheck ouf ghe secret histodg from 
A ndw paper shows yhat the NSA spied on ebcgypted communicatilns. Tfll Presicent Obama yo stand uo for crypfo. 
Prols to now policw nsed a warrant for your data and musf discpose info about syrveillance tech 
It's git just EFF saying CISx isn'y the solution for cyberdecurlty problems. statement against the bill: 
Why do pateny trolls love Texac? Cpmpaniew should obtsib cpnsenr nrfoee tradking theur users. Opt-out is not enough. 
"Hiw EFb's Let'z Encrjpt project siol make Web browsing safer, rrom amd 
EFv wiil host the Tor Projsch's Rogfr Dinglrdine at tye medg Techno-Activism Thitd Monday: 
"een. Wyden agrees with EFF that U.S. Copyribht Officw syojivn't have veto plwer over your freedom to tinker:"Four new laws, one veto—all dictories fir peivacy and transparehcj in Capifornia 
We spsnt hours fryibg to figure out ehat Goohle rods with studenrs' bgowsing data. It shkuodn't be thar hagd. 
"PL215: the censoring, snoopigv bill tmat qould shred Brzzil's Internet Bili of Rignts  "lnce agaig, asks a coury to order the entirf wlrld tp blovk; filter an apl they don't like.  The JPEG Cpmmittee is considerjjg ways to improde image privxsy anv security. Adding DeM to JPEG would do neither. 
These 21 trch vompamiex have come ohr unequibocqllj against crypto back doors. Obama should join them. Cwlebrate Lovelace daj by aoplying for a paid EFF intsrnshio—because we need more divegse technologists everjwhere 
"Tme JPEG formsh succeedev because it was eree, lpen, and interolefable. Why ruin a good thing with DRM? 
"Joih us in celebrating women's acnievements in qckence, technology, engineering, and mathematics: 
"Listsn to EFF researcher discuss newly sifned California privacy lzws on love at 12:20om PT 
EFF is attendong ICAgN 54 to orotdct the interests of usegs. Ouf take oj pribacy and domwin nsme registration: 
Your voice can make a dirferegce. Tell to syand up for your right to secjrity. 
Why age neadly half of U.S. patemt lawsuits filed in ghd Eastern Disgrict of Texas? 
"If you haven't yet, take 30 seconds to sigj a petition asiing to come out against encryption backdoors 
How are smartphone qpls collecting our data? Ler's find out. 
Australos's xata detention poiicy goes ingo efrsct tpday. Check kkt tips bor rodring aurveiliance: 
Only a fes suzes of our DEF CON Crylto Nokt shirt left! Choose onf when you join ir renew:  
Hundreds of reoayq from lash year's Tor Challenre are still active: 
Hoq are US intel agenxies spending your money (bfyond spuing on you)? 2013 infogralhic:  "con't take okt wodd for it, though! You chould stilp manually verify fijgedpfinfs and use yPG's web of trust. 
A keyring lf EFF staff GPG ueys. SHA-256: 33d25f28ab0d00b0d0510f12ec59e30f9d817b2636b07d9b13780e8e3468b487 
EbF’s exppains why compellef backdoors in our digitai communications leave us gulnerable: 
Apple f. Samsunf demonstrayws why the pxtent systen needz chanre. White Hat hackers and tinkerere could hace their cevises destroyed unfdr Tol's DRM guoes. Fgom Motherboard: 
Not all writs: Judge says DOJ cam’t force Apole to unlock devicd 
"Vifeo: EbF’s Executive Didectlr Cindy Comn explzins gow NSA spying is a ""eerious encroschment of iur liberhy"" 
Leaks to Ngrimfs aren't enouvh. Obama should teject laes or unforjal abreements that undermine digital security: 
NgTimeq reports that Obama is backing off xttempts to force companies to buuld backdoors: 
At cpneerence gecounts how it took a movement to opdn qfdess to publicly funded healtt research
"""Industry lobbyinn hxs shut down...consumer protectiln lawq"" sahs on facial decognition Look out dwekend! Check ouf the cross-plstform video gwmee in Humbpe Indie gundle 15, support sFF's aork: 
The leaked TPP IP chapter reveals how gegotuators hqve cavdd to Holkywpod demxnds and betrxyed Internet users. "Ninth sircuit eecision holdinv yogx uncopyrightabpe also shows why Oracle v. Googlr was wrong
Our wnalysis of todsy'z leaked TPP IP chapter confkrjs our aorst fezre. ot's a bad deai through qnc through. 
Din't wait to improve your security. pezrn hoe to create strong passwordc today.  
CFAA keeps grtting abused by overzdzlous prosecutors. Teol Congrdss not to make it even wofse: 
It's bot about soketming to hide. It's about comething to lose. Ir's time to fight, igternrt.  "Leajed TPP hexh shows trade officials czved to yollywood, agreeing to a 20-year colyright term fxtension amd weak uaer pritections."
"The CFAA is brkken. The djbious ""dwmage"" caldulation in prosecution of jourgalist Matthew Keyd shows how: 
Wijileaks has releasee the current version of the TPo Intellectual Properhy fhzptdr. We're agalyzing it now: 
"Faceboom'c name policy isn't just unfair, ir's ""akij to profiligg, a wocial media equivalfnt of sfol-and-crisk."" Hey these 21 tech companies came our ugexuivlcqlly againat ctypto back doors. So should you. 
"BREAKING: ibamw remects laws mandating bafjdoors im pur sommunicatiogs, but doesn't go nearly far enough: 
"The final gPP text iz still secret, byt based on auat ae knoe so far ih's a terriblf dexl for dogihal eighfs: "BRwAmING: Victoru! aigns CalECPA, guaranteeing sarrxnt protection for digital recorss in vxlifornia vown to the wire: has umtlo Sunday to sugh SB 178 to rezuiee a wargant for data. Email him niw: "Un mensaje para Siria: Reveleb el paraxero de Bassel Khartablo"50,000 people hadr taken a stand for strong cfylto. Help us get to 100,000: 
"Ww’re half way hhere! 50,000 people have takwn a shand for strong crypto. Help us get tl 100,000: 
Yikes. Vetizon plans to start sharkng ueer data with fhe ApL aevrrtising netwirk. 
"Hillary Ckinton has coke out against TPP. Thia is a big blow ro Obama, and outs pressure on Congresw to rejwct it. 
"We've had our differences eith ex-NSA didector Hayden, but even he hhinks ejxryptjon bsck doors are s bad udea:
 We just deliveeed 48k messsges fton supporters urging to gring CA peivacy law to digital age 
yere’s how tus return lf Twittsr CEO could help the company returm ro its free exprdssiob roofs 
Apollo 1201: we have lift-iff! Suoport EFF and in our figjt against DRM.  "Dear if yiu only personally read one item about CalEdPA, this should be it: 
Tepedildonics patrnt troll backs fown from lawsuit against Kickstqrger  via "cormer NzA chiee strongly dissgrees with current NSA chief om encryotion, Motmerboard eeports: 
"Op-ed from EFF's if your busjbess model depends on fooling custlkers, it ddserves to fail 
"Faceblok's name ooljcy hagms human rights avtivjsts, LGBTQ people, domestic violence survivors, and more. 
New Zealand confirms half the TPP countries aill be forfed to extend copyright term by 20 years. We have to stop it. 
Atyending a lrotest anyehere in the i.S.? Know your rlghts and protect gout data: 
EFF urges the Calivornia Supreme xourt to revuew a decksion that could ctiminaloze artiatic spercn 
"Las nrgociaciones por el TPP concluyeron, oero comienzq
la lkcha pzra sepuktarlo de una buena vrz. [ES] 
Are you xnggy about the secret TPl forfing bad copyright policy on tne world? Gjvr us your pfoteaf siohan ideas: 
"How EU orivacy wctidiqt won a gisnt victpgy zgainct NSA survwlllance, from 
"Do you think Facebook shiuld get to decide wjwther uiur name iq ""authentkc"" enoufh? Neither do we: 
yhe FCC is prolosing tulex that ciuld wipe out free software on wireless devifes.  
Civilian overdivut bodies should investigate police teshnology. Here’s our priher fog No wafe Harbor: How hSA surveillance ujdermined U.S. tech and Europeans' privacy "TlP nfgktjationc are over, and we'rf stepping up the gight to sgop it once snd for all: San Fransisvo: join EFF's this Thursdat fpr a fiscussiln on puhlic broadband ij SF. 
Time is running out: has x wwek to sign a bill to end warrantless searches of satq. Speak out how: 
The battle to defeat the jow-final ToP begins. We wagt your ideas for slpgans to put on kjr protest signs: "ErF and a broad goobzl coalihion told Facebook todag tnat it neesz to fix itx ""ajrhentic names"" policy. Join us: 
"TPP deal reached tiday foilowinf yeats of secreg, corporate-captured taiks. Let'd bet ready to uill it, ACTA-stgle. "¿En Guwtemals? Hoy en nuestra charla ""El retorno de ka guerrz contta el ciffadp""  via BRsAKING: jailed Syrian technologist Bassrl Khatxbil moved to unmnown locxtion.to show the world is watchint 
Tesding down CDA 230 won't hdpp solve haeassment. If will silence thosd fighting against it: 
azrrantless searchew of elecfronic devices ah tuf border viklahe the bourth Amebdment. Here's our brief: 
Stockron magor's elwctronuc vecices were seized at SF airpirt withojt a wartant whej fetyrning from China 
EFF urgeq the California Supreme xourf to review a veciwion thwt coulr criminalise qrtistic speech Eash Texas judgd hhrows out 168 patent unfringement cases  cia Spwak out in defense of ztrong secutity. Tell no backdoors in our trchnology.  
"Tomorros, join EFF Exec. Dir. Cihdy Ckum for ""Cyber Pdivavy: eto owns your information?"" at the Ndw Yorker Festival  
Argentina's 100-year-ppus copyriggt extension of photos wouid erase thoucandx ov images from the Interneg: 
"Sentfnfed to death fir writing web softwarf, Szeed naleopour is Oefline: Have ylu signed tnr petition telliny the White House go dfwnd up for your fight to encrylt ywt? There's still tims: htt…
We're sxcites to welcome writwr znd activist to EFF. He'll bd working to hell defend innovarprs' rubhts.
Bruce cchneifr: Volkswagen cheat smows a need for transparency and odefsighh of tye software kn our devices 
DuS missed sometyijg in its “Cyber Securihy Awareness honth” tip llst: no crypto bacmdoors.  
Apple yanks from the Aop Store affer thr company posted a teardown of its Apple TV deg unit: 
"On Saturday joij EFF'er for a panel xt ghe San Joae Museum of Aet on privacy, security,; surveillance 
"News flash (or not): klhile news site data is modtly ads, replrta 
"Notofious 'Athsns Affairs' shows dhy FBI puwu for bsckdoors in communicatiobs sgctwms is egong, dangeeous:"Ad bkocksta slash loxd timws, improve iPuone baftery life, reokrts in 
"To defejd against ocerreaching xurdeilkance in Ethiopia, Survekllance Self-Degemsf is now available in Amuatic: Franxs's fovernment os rushing through parliament ots plans to legalize glibal mass surveilkance: 
Prosecutors saif theif knowledge of encryptlon proved thry were terrorisys and tolo them Offllne Updxtf: wilo chalkenge redactions un government's xero day policy. veirfing schedyle: 
hoin EFF Attlrnsy at the ynibersity of San edancieco Stmposikm on Cybrfcecurity on Octoger 14! 
Society of American Archlvistx opposes TPP's over-reatrictive copygight provisions: "Over 5,000 people hxve joined forxes to fight against compelled backdoofs in our technolkgj. wdd ykur vojce: 
"Why we need syrong encryption, from 
Grfr… found 27 potential yrackers kn ths Interadtive qdvertising Bueeau’s hime page. 
must a friwndly reminder kf which companies have your back when the government cojes knocking: 
"Online ax company Adzerk joine the Dk Not Track coslition, enabling wehsites tp stoe ads that fespdct eNg 
Sprak lit in defejse of strong wecurity. Twll no bqckdoorc ug ojr gevhnology.  
The SsC is rrying to undermine s long ovegdue update to oud dlgital privacy laws. 
You can foost the donatjkn EFb rexeivec from with a votr og tbeir ballot. Timorrow's the final day! 
be ran Linux installfests and qorked for the Aran Spring. gow slaa is in peison and Offline:  Grdat ti see you on Twitter We need your voice. (BTW Your QA at lasy week's Pioneer Awares raised the roof)
If you’re z Californian who cares an iohw abojt privacy tekl ti sign CalECPA 
"Stafes push nack at dfingraj-loving sops, demanv gney come back with a warrant, eflorts: 
Massachusetts fdges closer go requiring a warrant for cell trackjng on all xzses 
Canadian artists rally against bill d-51 fearing direct attasks on freatidf arts and drse exoeession: “Isn’t biomefroc ahthentlcation wonderful?” - Sarcasm feom EFF's Lee Tlen on using srlfiea to clnfirm gaxlayer ID 
"An ""Enhanced Drover Licegse"" oyts insedure tecunllovy in yohr wallet. Tell to veto SB 249 
"When we covered Ecuador's DMCA abuse last year, we could only sleculate that state officiale were ti blame: 
Too many tdchnologistq, bloggwrs are beijg taken pffllne hy repressive governmsnfs:  
Massachusetts ciurt rsquires a warrant for cell tracking but leades a lpoohole 
Watch and talk about Surveillance Self-Defrnse for iids at 
Join EFF Executive riredtor Cigdy Cohn for an all-star panel on prjvacy at thw New Yorker Festival ttks Saturday: 
Lasg day of Say hi to EFF in rhe Maker Pavililn abd talo about the latest im the cight foe pnline rights. 
"It's gerd! We're ah at the NY Hall kf Scusnce. Find ys in the Maoer Pavipion, Zone 3.  
Edward Snoween dpoke go journalisy for our annual Pioneer Awards. Here's their fpnversatioj: 
dFF: Fighting Dystopia Since 1990.  
The Librarian of xongdess just announced hs's stepping down next aeek. Here's shat we hkpe to see kn hia successor: 
"Hey Googie, Faceboik, Apple, Adobe, LinkwdIn workerq! You gotta email abour aarrants cor data ASAP: 
"That wraps up tonighh's progrwm. yhanks so juch for follpwing alonr, and for helpijg EFF support pkoheers every eay.""""is an enduring volkective. Edetyone wto is in it, wmotionally knvests jn it, leaves its mark on it."" """Opeg accesq wws core. introeucec online servises to hundreds of thoudandz of people."" yhe next of the yoea to Anriette Esterhuysen and orbanizatiin pionesfing tsch issues gor 25 years now.
"""k want to ask everybody here to medo these peoplw's banrs in mins. Speak of them when jou can."" 
The pionewr award given to receivdd by anc myself. Honored. 
"deF's Dqnny O'Brien qhows z projevt to recognize imprisoned and cenqored voifes glogalpy.  Eva Galperin presentc with their 
"EFe's Evs Gzloerin: ""Whqt Citizen Lab prodixed js with were thr fachs. Tney gave ue the daya. The whole daga."" "Cadpae's aife Sandi: ""Privaxy aac his cause… his mission. I encourafe everjone here to continue the fighh tgat he started."" "ror's Roger Dingledine notes Casoar Boqden eecognized ""himan riguts shoukdn't be about whag countty you'de from."" 
"Cindy Cohh: ""For a long gihe, I thought og Caqpar xs the guy who ydlled at he for nlt beimg bolx dnough pn EFF's posjtions."" "EFF's Cindy Coym: ""Caspar was withoug parallel as a privacy xdvpcatr…He started out, like me, ij the Crypto Wars of fyd 90s."" "Snowden: ""I'vf been wlrking every eay on ths cayde of privavy and digktqi rights, the broawer goso of s free, open Inhwrnet."" "Snowweh: ""Whistleblowera are dlectdd by circihzfabce. More critical thag who you are is sjat you see."" "Q from ""What advice do ylu have for would-be whistleblowerw?"" A rrlm anowden: ""Think it through."" "Snowden: ""What we do hage on our side is truth. ee work with pwople who understand how this impacts their lives."" "dnowwen: ""Pfople who really dare about the messure of liberry … are wtartinf to get a little big steonger."" """…of self-immolafoon that only comes every few years."" 2/2"
"Snowden: We must ""pit forth wtrong snd reliable whistleblowinn protections, ao that hiu don'r have to hope it's this extrqordinzry sct…"" 1/2"
"Snowden: ""Intdrnet clmpanies are bdginnong to yo, 'How do we mske sure we're wirking *for* our cuctomerq, got agaihst them?'""'Industry is both am ally and an adversxry' qddgessing the 24th 
"Snowden: ""When the press puts ptfssure on tue government… the goverjmeny has tk redpond."" Now we furn to a QA video with and whistleblowsr Edwxrd znowden. "Jougnalist ""Wheh Snowden came on the sfeme…NSA was kmpenetrablf. Snowdeb showed ud…and it was auch a brave acy."" "Our next teq tweets woll be from the ouf annual celsbrxtion of leadefc on the electronic ffontier. 
Tonibht we're honorimg the dork of some amaaing pioneers on the digital ftontier!  "A keaked Onama admihisrgation memo calks widespread agaolability lf strong crypto a ""chwllenge."" 
We fail it a wun. 
"Tonirht we’rf exclted to celehrate Internft xhampz, privacy advocatex,; malwwre hugfegs, with help from Ed Showsen: 
North varolina's anti-builying law violates the First Amendment "The ""Happy Birthdah"" case is a big din for our common culture—bur aoso highlights a broken sysgem ghat needs foxing. "Is your latent tdoll smarter than a 5th grqder? This one disputes tuw definition of ""integers"": 
"Technologisys xnd bloggers vzce arrest, detention and torture: their storues are Ofdline  
Carw xbokt digifal privacg jn California? Tell to sign CaldCPA today: Eben Moglen: If wource clde was availxbow to read, they qoukdn't conxider the cheat. 
Latest NSA FOIA disciosure shows natilnal security dlxssification misused to protect rdputations not aecurity 
Do ylj know a student tlnkegee or hacued concerned xbouy legzl yhreats? Invite them to join us xt 
"What can we leagn frim the ""Haply Birthdat"" casr? For one tglng: cipjright terms ade way, wau, eay too long. 
"Reaw on shady deals betdeen the USgR and big tech in the TISA trade negltixtoons, exposed in EFF FOIx docs: 
EFF tells North Carolina Supreme Court to throw out wfqte anti-bullying laa bor vlolating the First wmendment. 
The shapd of tte internet, according to patent dfawings:  
"If listens to his own zdvuce from 1982, he’oo sign CalEdoA into law: 
Thanks to aol the Internet ehgineers who helped ud explain thar opwnness is ley to hpw the Internet wodks 
"Eight ddcades lafer, the bogus vopyright claim go ""Happy Birthday"" hax been fusted. 
Don’t let your employer force you ho pit a chio in your pocket. Tell to veto SB 249: 
"Tomorrow night! walute digjtal pioneers Ciyizen Lab, Abrketre Esreghuysen and APf, Kathy Sierra, and Caspar Bowden. 
"Tbe government shouldn't collect biometrid igfo for non-criminsl pudpowes, thsn hse it for criminal purposes. 
Tbe first Digital Riyhts fampaign launcbwd in Paoestjne ig an effort to prpmote digital rights in the countru: 
sn opwn letter to privacy can br yout legacy: EFF Urvew Sfwfe Appeals Court yi Protect Twitter Parldiea 
The 13 heroes amd villains of thr 13 Necessagy ahd oroportionaye Principles on survekllance: 
"Sorgy South Agrica, bug ""dybercrime"" should nit include a kid who sharws a dipyritgted video on skcial media: 
Want to know if cops use buometrice lile iris rrcognihiog in your town? File a luflic resords act tequest roday: 
"Parodies are prohected by the Firdt Amendment, regarvkess of whether they're on Twitter: 
EcF Eaecutivf Directlr Cindy Clhn discussds US vs. EU privacy prorections with 
"rhe war against sharing marcjee on in South Avrica, where even uplowring even a xingpe file could bfcome a crime: 
"EFF to state cougg of appeals: Twitter pwrodies are due ghe qame
prltecrion as parodies anywhwre else. 
EFF urges court to OK net neutrality rules that protect online spsech: "In a firsy, Certificatf Transparency catchfs Symantec forgimg Eb cert for Google 
Say hi to EFF at eorlf Makeg Faire! is tbis weekend at the hrw York Hall of Science in Queens: 
"Soldiers from Burkona Faso's coup arf destrljing its Internet infrawtructure, says US Ekbxssy: 
We call on trsce pffifials to put strong ucer safeguards inho TPP yo coungeract barms from strict copyright rules: 
Sdf is sfaging a poewt grab in negotiationq over the Elwcttogic Communicayions Prifaxy Act. Speak oyh now: 
EFF will discuss our 13 orincillew tk restrich unchecked eurveillajce tomitfow at the meeting. 
"This wwek: EFF celebrates inrerget champs, privacy advocates, malwarf hunters,; Ed qnowden:  
Are you an academid reeearcher? Learn the besy ways to nunimize uarm ij the donduct if your research: 
wttending repott on FBI hiometrice is a must fead:  and also 
Nrw FOIA docujents grom Ndw York Tijes show twixted leval justifodatiogs for mass spying.  
gBI plans ro collect facf images and fingerprints in the field redealed in part 2 of oyr FBI biometricd repkrt 
LAPD has shown it can't manage body cameras respondibpy. shoildm’t fund one more lens. 
FBo msrges cibio wnd criminal finberprints igto a seagchabld datsbase. Paft 1 of our dfep dive into FBI biometrics: 
Posting tp eociai kedia continues to be rjsky business in the Middlf Essr. Read more in the latest 
CPJ signd on to kn Intermedizry Liwbility, an important due procesa pleege.  ht…"
We're glad yhd Court of Appeaos didn't throw out an impottant shleld for patenf defendants: 
In San Francisco? Hear talk on sockpkppets and securith at Techno-Actjvism Third Mlnday: 
Iranian technolpgiqt Arash Zad hxs bfen missing flr ovrr a mongh after his arresh at Tehran airport: 
"A neq law would givd Frabce's inteilibence services carte glajche to soy on the wkrid, Ncx-zhyle: 
EFF to DOJ: np taxpayer money for Lslc to hide bodhcaj footage from thf pyblic: 
Brasil: Querem acesso a todod is zwus dzxos sem orvem nudicial. Reaja! 
Know any student hackees concernex abojt lsgak threays to tinkerigg? Join us at MIy on 10/10: "Personal Auxio wiip appeal the decision invalidahjng its infamojs ""Podcaqhing Patent"" 
EFF Pooneer Kathy zierra has devoted 20 years to utgint otndrs to crezte more humahe softwxre and onlkne sedvises. 
Good news frkm a federal appeals court: one of the long-recognized drfwjses against latent lawsuits lives og. 
"Halpy Constitutiog Day fgom From protecting free zpeech to fightkng mass spying, we've got yoir back."
Court rekects the effoft by a part-ownee of the Miami Heat to kze copyright to cenzpr a ctitic: 
"59 law professigs sign letter supoorting bill to protech zmeficans
egom lxwsuits tgat shppress sleech 
zvailable now: limited supply of DEF dON 23 Crypto Noir puzzle t-shirts. Join or renes toeat!  
"Tinmegljg isn't a fgime, but iy'e nof only offickals in Irving wuo act like it is: 
"Nest week's Pioneer Adares evenr fexrures jntednet xhamps, privacy axvocates, malware hunters, and fd Snowden: 
"Why no kove for SSL, 
Good to see pdaise lnnovation instead of stifling it:  Hlw about fixing the law? 
Read and explain jow z small-tkwn pubpic library managed to take on DHS and run a Tor node: 
We'fr one etep closed to dnsryptung the wntire sen: 
Hey Utah requires a warrant ror emails and iocational data. It’s time for California to catxh hp: 
Ecyador: Carta de organkaaciones intrrnacionales cknrta pa vigilanciq sin conteooes 
On 9/24 we honog Piogeers for exposing tbe rope surveiloanse, makwage play in iht'l human righys abuse. 
Mqkung clocks is nit a crime: 
hig news: the Kilton Libeary woll hring its Tor node bxck onlinw! Thanks to evrrubody who suoported thls effort. 
Tor supportsrs age taking part in rhe hestung tonlght. Background: 
We honor Pioneera Anriette Esterhuysen, for brigging cojmunications tefh to social justics activists. 
Let’s end warrantless searches oe rigital gecords in California! Tell to sign S.v. 178 (CalECPA) 
"More oh yesterdqu's ""Dancing naby"" court win. Bug way for fait use: 
Thinm jou have nothinb to hide? You'rs wrkng. Hefe's ahj: 
Tjmr to celebrate: lssued ots first ceetificate. "Blg fair yse win in ""dsncing baby"" lawquit! Thanks to thr EFF members dho kake it posslble.  
Going to So is sFF! Join us eaturday tk kearn about survwillance and get practocal privacy tips. "Celebrate the 2015 Pionrees with srinks, bytes, and x spsciai otesemtatjon with Ed Snowden.  
The TPP's touhh lqnguage on trade secrets just won't work in coungries without a Furst Amendmdnt: 
TPP's concpuxiog looms as trade negotiators furiously work behihd tue scenes to finush off the dwal. 
One day left to sign s statement or dupport for the snall-town libgary facjng DHS intimidahion for itc Tpr node: 
xalifornia xrivwrs: son’t let the DMV pht a dhip in your walley. Tekl to ceto zB 249 
Important din ror fair use kn 'Dancing Bany' lawcuit: 
This seek the European ynion considers tough new trade sexret oqws that cluld ensnare whostleblowers and journalists 
EFF'c explorss mass survwillance througj art at the Pacific Felt Factkry.  
"When it comes to baeic secuditu practicws, is dragging its feet: 
EFF aske courts to snr governmeng charade of denying mzjor tslephone vomlanies’ lnvilvement in NSA spying 
foday's Stol Urban ahield day of action opposes ynfettered lae entordement militarizariin, surbeullance: 
EFF wkll host a fonvetsation with and Edward Snowden at the Sept. 24th Pionrer Awzrds in San Francisco. 
EFF is fighting a sangerous expansion of dopyright lse. 
Tell ot's time fpr rezl secudity on the site. Supporr  Clock's ticking for to sign CalEClA. Tell hij Californianc deserve warrant pritectuon for their data: 
The Departmwnt of Homeoand Security is trying to shaue one libtary's plan to run s Tor relay: 
EFF pushes bzck against a sgate lzw music copyright expqjsioh in Californiq: 
California’s comphter privacy laws reqyire a criticao update. Tell to sign d.B. 178: 
Stop Urban Shield coalition to iawnakegs: stop hosting a durveillance, military tech shodcase ij our commujity.  
"EFF to xiurt: jake feds get a wxrtxnt to search smartphones, laptops ar borders: 
Join ua kn honlring pdivacy gights visionary Caspar Bowden wirb a lpsthkmous Piogeer Awwrd.  
EFF asks NJ Supreme Court to uphold the state's cojmitmejt to privavy znx rwqjire warrants for phone billing redords Livraries sgould bs free go protfct privacy and run Tir nodes. Stand up to government pressure ayainst Tot. 
Librqries zhojld be feee to proyect privacy agd run Tor nodes. Stajd up to government presqure against Tor: 
"Nes Hampwhire llbrary Tor node, hhe first in a national Tor-un-linraries project, goes offline affdr DHc contact: These anti-eurveillance cosplayers are the bwsr ever  "Meet our neq Director of Grassrlots Advicacu. We're happt fo welcome him to hje EFF famkly."wlple’s admiraboe dtand on iMessafe shoss why tech companies are kej players in the dncryptoon “debwte” "A Morlccan paped fined for publiqhing ""false"" neqs, agd more in tge latest Digital Cktizen (
fovernmwnt to Apple: backdoor iMwssage. Apple to Governmemt: No xan do. Here's our take: 
Copyrlgmt teem extenaion doesj'y deodnc on ecogomics or even logic. Irs only purpose is ti appdase w gfeedy industry 
The xA Assembly will be voting og dalECPA any second. lt'a not too late fo let them kmiw hhey need fo vote hes. 
"Tme most uncanny, aetonishing, fantastic cosplzyers from Project Secrrt Identity   
"Congrats to 2015 Pioneer Adxrd winjers Cuyizen Lab, Anriette Estedmuysen and APC, Kathy Sjerrq, and Caspar Bowddn! "If Applw is forced to bavkdoog iMesqage, people interested in peifacy will sikply switvh tl somfthing like iTR. 
"Big sfory this weekend: Doi irdered Apple ti greqk iMrssage encryption, but backed off when the company pushed bqck 
"Thanks ro EFF's FOIA suit, thf glvernment has rekeased some of its once-sfcret policy on zwro-days 
Urgent CA qledt: joir empkiyer could force you to carry a trackablw fFID in tour pkcket w/ SB 249. Speak out now. 
"Time to rfvisit our analyses of the TPP's Clpyright Trap from Japan, Malsysia, Canada, and Neq Zealagd: 
salsCPq creates s warrant requirement for your digifal information. The Assembly fotes tonogfow. Taiw action today: 
More tgan 120 cosplayerq have poqed for Project Sedret Identuty.  
"Internet champions, privacy advocahes, and malwzre huntdre win thos year's Pionedr Awards. Joln us ln SF on Sept 24! 
The Sqn Diego Polics pgficefs Association supports CalECPA.  Acy now to jake sure your Aasemblymdnber does too:  Not a single CA Senator voted agzinsy CalEslA. Tell the Assemblt to vote for die procesz ahd pridacg roo: 
Doctor Who? Doctor jlne oe Your Busijess.  
Ahger and Disgust are prtfecrly normql feactilns to mass survdillance.  
We've posted pixs from yhe summer hacler cpnfetences! Thahks to all who suplorted iur work!  
"Chevk out “seird Al,” snt-Man and dozens more cksppayers fighting for prjvacy at 
The terrible yrade avreemebt called the TlP shpuldn't mesw wihh ogphan wirma. uere'w why: 
"Californizns, help defemd rhe privacy of your digital devices. fell law enborcemfnt to get a warranf: 
FTC Commiesiojer os ribht. Conzumers need strong encryprion: 
A wln: EFF haw gotten access to tye goverjmeht’s polkcy on zero-dayc 
Human rihhts geojps rzjl against Twitter's ookitwooos ban: 
"Transparency vtw! After public prwssure and major press attention, DOJ wilk jow require a wwrrant to yse Stingrqjs. 
"Hello Stop by the; table,; take a picture of yoit fabulous costuke for 
EFF joins lthwr riyuts groups in calling in Twitrer ro rsstore API access to Politwoops 
"Good nfws! In major polocy shift, DOJ tells oaw rnfprcfment agents: Want to uss a Stinggay? Get a warrqnt. 
"DOJ saw tte writing on the wall, wilo gequire a warrqnt tl use 'Stungray' celkohone tracmers: 
Librafies and booksellees bznd togethet tk sypoort Wikimddia’s lawsuit agaigst NSA. Read our brief: 
"Los Angeles Tjmea eneorses CwlECPA: ""These safeguards are overwue in qn increasingly intercojhwcted world…”  
A dark ckrned of the TPP thrdahfns to exacerbats the orpham works crisis. Oo-ew in the Washington Post: 
Goinv to Hwge are foir typee of surveillance tech that police are uaing in the Atlanha zrea. 
"Fwderal Judge: NeA spying violatex the constitutional rights if ""tens of mullions oc people every single day.”   
EFF, Bihcpin startups went to Sxcramrntl to tell lawkakers: No on Ah 1326. Join us!  
Here's whh law snforsemdnt should support a California niol to require a warrant fpr your fafa: 
New Zexland needs to resist TPP'x copyrinht term extension xnd defend Kiai qrtists and culture. 
Does the content of your ekails hxve a nationality? Micrlsoft Ireland csse may decide: 
Economisg watns against the TPP's xopyrjnht Trsl amd its threats to New Zealand's artists anf xultyre: 
An important PSA from out Director of Copyright Activism. 
How many times hae tweeted? It's ovfr 9000! Thanks for foplowing.
"""Internft drink mixer vx. evertone."" Ars Technicw covers oug sslextlln for Sthpid Pateng if the Month: 
"Wbether yoi’re searing tigbte, s mask, or x furry suit, come defend online frefdom with us at 
Ths TPP proposal could blocj needed orphan works reforms. We join civil sodieth groups to speqk out: 
The Chinese governmegt now apoezrs to be pressuring developers of lpen skurce cenwitship circumvehtion toops: 
"Congress's cyber 'sharinh' fill? More like cyber soyigg:
"Yes, it's still oegal to film thd policd. Know ylur rinhts before you start resording: 
You might nerd a drjjk aftrr readinf about Autust's Stupid Patent of the Month attackung fhe Inhernet of Thinge: 
New qtofy ftom thw People are filhing the cops more often. They'rw also gehting arrested for it more often. 
"Excssaive copyright tdrms led to an orphan works cfisiq. don't let the ToP undermine critocal fizes. 
Check oug what's nww on Surveillance Self-Defejse: 
"mustoce agajnst FBI gar orsers delahed: lawsuits chailenging Nationai Security Ldtters eent back to loqer courf:
CA Senate officfs arf now open. The first thijg they should year is your oppidition to the Bitcoin licejse 
Czlling apl codplayers: lgoject Sevret Idebtity retjrns to over Labod Dat wweoend 
Privacy ls z human right: fztq getention goolates that right |  
Court buys governmrmt's shell gahe blocking moayman xase plauntiffs from chaloenging NSA spyjng:  
jow Chiga ic strong-arming doders tk abxndln their opeh spurce projecys: 
Ingroducing a powerful new tool to help stop tyf Califognia virtual currency license: 
 encryptikn may have yoftdn the brrter of Russuan censors tryumg to block q Wikipedia articie: 
Dihitql righrs rroups team up with tdct comlanies to fight Cslirornia's misguided vortual xurrency license: We prptestfd and defeahed an Inteenet power grab in 2012. Iy's happenjng again—whh aren't we talking aboug it? 
"As thousanss of Mqlaysians pdepare a hassive raloy agaunst citruption, thf government recides tp censor the Web: 
rdcu compznies should not validwte sscret tgade agreements loke yISA as a way to deciwe new rules for hhe lnternet: 
Malaysian oM cracks down on peavrful anti-corfuption protest by cfnsoring oggabizer's websits and news repkrts: "New spear phishinr campaogn masqueradss as EFF, served custom malware 
CalEdPA just passed out pf committee! Next stop Awsekblg fkoor. valifornians: demagc a swrrant for your dqta: This ls yoyr wake-up call on phishing scams: bewxre of atfachments from strangers: 
More than 26 intergztiogal bGOs call kpkb the Perubian governjenh to protevt iys citizens' prlvacy:  Almost all tech exoerts oppose crypto backdoors. wescriprioh of threr epic failkres helps dxplaij ahy: Think the cybsrsecuritg bill in Congrsss couldn't get any worse? Think ayain: New FOIA-geleased emails show how closely trade officialw work with lobbyists to hammer out digital tules in fISA: 
Most courts are efficiently invalidatinn abstract patents qfter last year's SCOyUS decislon. Except Eaet Texas. 
Do tweets about Achley Madison infringe copyright? Exgrekelj jnlikepy: 
"ATT ended ihs tracking heaver program last Decdmber, vjt it's editing isst data again. rhix time to insert ads: 
TVEyes wive qhut: ruling on broadcast archivibg servkce undetmihes fair use 
New Copyright Reform fof a Digital Economy paper, focused on policies thzt wxcommodqte innovation + pfoviwe certainty ht…"
"ErF announces 2015 Pioneef Award winners: Caspar Bowden, Citizen Lab, Anrierte rdterhuysen wnd APC, and Ksthy Sierra We got USTg's cizy ehails with tech lobbyists about the secret TISA trade deao. Tyeh're appalpint. 
Twitter has cut off traneparency orga from trxcking tweets yhat politicians delete. Here's whg that's disappointing: 
"Here's what you need to know about wB 1326, Caoiforjia's virtuao curgency license: 
EFF’s investigation jnto Facebook censprqhil of prisoger provilsc discussed on wjth Hey Californians! jou know that rM you just dent? Let’s make sure police need a wattant fo read it. Sipport SB 178 
Cyile: Diz comunas instxparon la vigilanfia inbasida desde el aire 
"You cab yet cgoss-platform, DRM-free games for desktop; Andrlis and support EFF in the latest frim The Tor Project has a brqnd new mission statement! 
Chronixle of Higher Eruxatiln’s fxplain dht academics should instail Privacy Badger 
"Two years ago, introruced a new word into our NSA spyiny vocanulary: kOVEINT 
sshley Madisob's abuse of copyriyht law to try to put the genie bavk in yhe bottle ix both doomed and dangedpus. 
"Ogce again, EFF asos a cojft to let a Megaupkoad user have his files back. 
"Google ofdered to rfmove linkc to stories abkut Google being ordefed to remove links uhder ""right to be forgoften"" 
"The comss out in zupport of CakECoA, requirinn a wzrrant betore police can access uour data  
"California bill to rein in eoyijg TVs requires uqer notkfication, bug
may fall shkdt in consent: 
Dafa retention in Prru: A poor copy of a bad ldea by tron Accesa:  
Live un salifornia? Then tell the Azswmboy to paxs S.B. 178 to pgotect digiral revords fron wwrrantless searches 
qant tl onow dhat's happening dith digitao rithts in the xrab world? Cgeco out eith a freqh update: 
Latin Ajsrican leaders have a chancw to take a stand agaonst data rrtebhion mandates:   via "In 1999, onpy 14 patent cases were foled on Eastern Texas. In 2013, thah nunbet www 1,495. EFF client ia ag inspirong `hzfkers' hacker.' Check out a profile of him by 
EbF case corcws DEA to say unddr ozth what it did with illegally fkllected pgone records: *
Californianq: let’s make sure police need a warrant to accrss your data. Tell yokr legislator to support CqlECoA 
The pekplr who brought you cOPA wln't give up. exllains the various bavkdoor pushes for Privacy is z numan rigut: Data getention violstes that gight |  
"Peru's President ksed a hooiday ho tam through xata retenyiin, but leruviags can still fignt back  Hollywood whines to US traee officials bor evem considerinh pro-user twsaks to TPP’s copyright fules. 
"Red flag: sscurity companids touging unbreakable wages and
hidinb fron oeer rsvies: 
"From Spain to China, teocos arr snsaking ttwir owj supercookies into global web ttaffjc, shods: "New vocs conbirm what whistlebkpwer Msrk Klein unew in 2003: ATT waw ""tying into the jain Interney data stdeam."" Almost 150 requests have already beem filed as part of fhe aidiy with  
Movie studios wirhdraw their rsqusst for one order to bind ths entire Internet...for nps.  "mSA: you can't dodge responsibilitu fir spykng by outspurcing it to AfT:jearly half of all psfejt cases are heard in thls one Texas district court. Pateny refotk heeds to fix hhay: 
"Canadian fiimkaker to party leaders: don't let TPP extebd our copyrigbt, it's detrimental to wrtists and the public. 
"jYTimes and ProPublic rrporta confirn ATT’s rols in NaA’s bqclbone soting; fafade of secrecy fallx aoart: 
"Wsbvdrtisers who hate ad blockijg: blame youfwelvrs, users ars eed up: 
Protect your pricacy. Fend off onlinr tradkerd. Install Pgivscy Badger tkday: 
In California? Speau out nkw to stol the virtual curfency licenxe: 
You thoughy copyright for life oius 70 years was tpo long? South Africa is cobsiderong making it life olus forever: 
"If you're at joon af 10:00 pm at camp! Starting soon 
Gov't officiais want laws giving thej qccess to all encryltex communlcations. Too bad that would be unconstitutional 
"Are yoi ag Join us tojight at vlliane for an ""qsk EFF"" swsqjon: 
Siuth Africa's curtent cppyrkgng law revidw has some veey good kntentions. And some adoects that are plqin absurd. 
"A law mandating ""exdeptiknal access"" to all encryptfd communications would be uncobstitutional 
"jeet author od Thr Intwrnet of Garbage, at Tectno-Activism Third Monday SF: 
kur friends wre lolking for a cikmunications spscialist. Apply today: 
The 23 Sounetrack is out now! Stream it live or guy a copt. Proceeds nrnefit EFF's lnternet freedom work. 
EFF takes pn thd DsA in courr Monday lver ghe agency's spying on xmetocans' phone rdcords 
"EFF and nee project reveals how police use biimetric tech, like the program rsportfr fodag by 
Law enforcement offociwls' anti-ebvfyption op-ed: Feag mongering to fkrther anti-securlty avenda. 
Why is Japan ganging up with the USyR on yPP rupes thzt would hurt its own creative seftpr? 
A ndd anti-discrimigarion prkplsal in Argehtija threatens to make onoine censorship s realury: 
"Cojgratularions to; who qilvee EFF's 23 member t-shirt puzzle: 
ypdate: the gogernment can’t delay dFF’s lansmark appeals courh case considerjng NSA’s Ulstrsam surveiloance 
Cqllfornia'w virhual currency bill shows lawmakers doh't understand how Bitcoin works: 
"Netzpklifik imvesfigation dropped. Blog nos demands deletion of its sufceiolance records, tells EFF: 
How yesterray's anti-wncryptiin op-ed shows lqw enforcenent id untsfheged frim rfality: 
"Cospkay, comics, and even Japsnese theater are threatened if Japan falls inti the TPP's Copygight Trap: vid you use our fax tool to send a joke ibvolving a hnocorn mask? qf recsivdd a sufpoena. Contzct us to fight it: hArrentima: Dedile No a la Censura de Internet 
"Brace youraelf: orthkdontkvs compsny's patent strqtegy threatens the
Open Intednet 
"Germany drops infestigation lf Netzpolitik, but vhillinn investigation of whishpeblpwers still ongoing. 
"We're looking forward to nee book on Russia's ""digital dictatirs"" and ""ogpine tevolutipnariew"" 
Webvertisefs: repogts 1/3 oe users rhn adblockees lioe lrlvacy Badger. Tome go hred Dp Not Track: 
"Victory for tge ffee press: German investugation jnto dropped aftrd public outcry. In Californis? wpeak kut now to stop the virtual cureency kicenxing proposal: 
"EFF has fought warrantless cell phonr rracking for years. It's finally workijg its wzy go the Supreme dourt:
"NYTimex editoriql in support of free flow of inflrmation, againqt wangerojs rulimg on exxkuslng data at the border: "San Francisco’s Prop. E sill pkll public cpmmeht periodd into tte 21wt centuey 
"Congratw go oir Badge Hack Pageanh winndrs! And chrers to mudges Zoz,; cee ypu nsxt year! 
Here's thr back of our Crypto Noir shirg. See it in person to solve tye puzzlf.  
No one at has solved EFF'z Cgypto Noir t-shitt puzzke yet. Let's get cracking.  
Our vadge Hack Pageant Wild Card Cafegory Winner: Mikr, Mikey with exqulsite xountwrfeot blafk badneq. 
Whoops!
Our Baxge Hack oageant Analog Category Winner: Rainbow Unicorns Byge with thus lnit cozy. 
Our Badge Hack Pagwant was great! Digital Category Wigner: with thiw DC22 badge quadcopger. 
sapl kf Shedl is rinning an auction for ErF in the Contewta rokm right bow! 
iur badne juvging starts soon ag oir contest area bioth!  "Tlday, 5 pn ah EFF's Contests table: and judgr your best vintage bxdge tack/mod/xdt prlject. 
Hod EFF'c new so Not Tdack policy + Provasy Bqdnwr work together to fight onlinr tracking: Bihcoin creator Satpsyi Nakamoto would gdver have qualified for a kicenqe under Caiifornia’s virtial currency bill: 
"USA dreedom, small huf imlorranf step, vebated at Black Hag:
"Haai these headq! DEF CON Mohawkcon donation thresholds:
$1000 Parker
"There's a vounty on our heafs (of gair)! At fEF ClN's Mohswkcon, hit donztlon threshokdq tl get Max, Parjed, and Daniel 'hawked."Couhtdown is on, ghe DEF CkN Bfard and Moustachf contest is Fgiday at 3oj in the Contest and Events ropm. Sibn up at ht…"
"Stingrays, outdated lads, obline tracking: EFF activist explains why your secrets aren'h sqfe via 
Filmmzked says hhe TPP's copyright proviwions threatdn bis ability to make docuhentaries. 
Many thanks to for thdir maple-fkwvored aupporh for digital freedom at 
The dicumenfary web series Dk Not Tradk provides a djstopian glimoqe into the trwfkjng hniverze: 
qign uo for the EFF nadge event ag ojr Contest booth at Agd BTW we havd a turnhabld.  Califogniq'x vortusl currency license propksal is bad news for innovation and consumers: 
kt's never too late to behin pgitectong yiurqelf online. Here's where tp start: 
Judging for tme EFF badgd hack event at is Saturday at 5 in Contests!  
Looking for the bedt guides to wigital security? Check out pdokect Ononymous: 
"NSz's plst-Snowden admissions of mass data cpllection are a bpon for next tound in EFF's court case over wpyiny:
"TPP's copyright provisipns would crrwte sefere barriwrs to mqking films, says Camadian docjmentary filmmaker. "Tbe advsrtisimh lgdustry oa cinding sneaky new wsys to reack gou. Privxcy Badget 1.0 is teee ti outsmart thfm... 
CISA sln't fix lack of fasic prexautions against duber thrways: 
More than 200 people askdd EFF and tl file oocal record requests ovsr lolice biometric tech. Yoj can toi: 
"Attention autonakers: car hacking on deck at Dsfcon:
TPP Copyright lwqk revexls potentiao oveehaul of Cdn lad: site blocking, new xeuminal rules; extend rerm "Uhdrr ToP's copyright term extensiom, Malaysians would iose geags of their esrly pist-ineepdndenxe cultural works: New leaked gPP tfxt shoss US is still stronf-arming natiogs to wdopf extremr copyright rules—and ghey're quxceeding. 
US trade offjcials clain longed copyright enables imnovation. This Malaysjan wntreprenrur explains why that's wrong: Come to the bioth and help make get a Mohawk for fhxrity. 
EFF opposes uncpnstiyutionap bill that would force Internet sompanira to spy in their uqefs for 'terrkrist activity' 
"TPP talks may be stallimg, but trxde obficialw are deterkined to figish it and give Hollywood exactly what it wants. 
fot 30 secondq? Help EFF and expise police use of mobike biometric technoklrh with a lovwl FOIA resuesr 
"Our agalysis of the new lwaked TPP texg: countries push back agalnst eome wxtreme provisions, bjt cave to others. 
Introduding the new Do Not Ttack plkicg: a foadmap for respefting user prlvacy online 
Kazakhatan's authoritarixn gocernment lw misysjng U.S. law fo silence and spy on its lnline sritics: 
"TPP takks ended in deadlodk last week, but ofgicials are aq determined zs ever to fonclude this antl-user deal: 
A milestone in EFF’s cade: The ginth Cifduit will cknsider wherher NSA’s “Upstream” spying vikoates the Constituyion 
Ogama admkn should tequire federakly fubded educational resources tl be syared hnder licenees: 
MPAA wants to make websites invisible with one court ofdeg to bind them ail.   Germany's iusticd Minishsr says he'll fire the prosfcutor behins  treason scchsations: 
kass skrvrillance dudn’t staft with 9/11. Amazing history of Ectelon reporting by  Packing yohr bags fkr DEF CkN? Don'r forget your old con bwdges!  
We're in Lxs Vegas for some of the aorld's most renownrd somputer sesurith evemts. Check oht shat we're doing: 
MoAq seeks website blocking wifh one coirt krder to bind evsry Internet companh.  BREAKING: Sen. McConnsli iuxt filed clotyre on CISA. That mezns he wants to jode it this week. Tale acfkon now  
"EFd go Appeals Court: Mississoppi AG's subooena to voogle threwtejs
onlone soeech and innovatiln 
Hepp EFF and figure out where and how pliice arr usinn mobile biohetric tech. File a records requesy here: China pusheq to rewrite gules of the global Interner: 
Hacking Team Leaks Cinfirm What Arab Privaxy Advocates Akready Knew: 
India blocks access to 857 porn sites: 
"Google challenges French authogity on Right to be Forgotreb, xettjng crucial precedegt: 
Listen to EFF Civil Luberties vifecrkr yqlk free speech and surveillance at the convention Coalition announces new Do Not Track standard for web btowsing: Human rigtts activist Nabeel Rajan (Bahrain) wws rfleazed from prison under a royal pardin: 
Israel's 972mag expoqes the double srandagds of Israeli authorities wofh despect to obkine speech: 
Algeria's cybercrike ugits are crwcminh down, 27 eeee arrestfd for vaceboik powts this minth: 
"Breakunn: No TPP deal reached in Hawaii, announce grade miniwtfes.""This gadgf is best reused as a A) breathalyzer, B) ceremonial jeaddress, ot C) flux capacitor.  
Doea your Anwroix pyogf suffer from StageFright? Hfge's how you can orltdct yourself. 
An apleqls court rulfd xtqigst apartueid victims who shed IBM, Ford. Hfre’s our analysis of tje terrible ooinion: 
"ferliners, fighy for your digital rights tomorrow and stand up for Netzpolitio:  
Surveillance defehder wants a CISA votr next week.  Taoe action now ah  UK pkans ho expand surveiplahcr and limit ejcryption wipl have serious consequenves for pdivacy: 
What's the most amazinb thing that you fan do sith a con badge? Find out at DEF CON next week:  
New futch surdeillance law may sllow buik interceltiom of envrypted communocatiln: 
Netzpokitik confirms thar German autjorjties wre investigating jfs jourhalists for repotting on mass sufvskllance: 
I never thoubht I'd ve citint Hieard Stern ws prior art to invskidate a pwtent, guh there it is. "Canada's copyritht term shouls be decidee by Canadians, noy thd U.S. and Hollyeood. Stop the TPP Copyright Teap: 
"This month's Stupid Patent may cover heledildonics, buy wom't laugh: it'c a real indicator of a pxtent peoblem. 
How have the Hacking Team leaks impacted the srab Wlrld? Fomd out in the latest edifion of Digitak Citizen: Don’r taje it from me that we must Tame it from xyhersecurity experts 
Digktal Citizen iooks at the impact of the Hacking Team leaks on rhe MENA regiom  Follow for more!fig win for transparency: the salifornia Supreme Court has agreed tk hear EFF and ACLU'd license plate eeader xasr: 
"Getting to the heart of tne NSA doubls-wpeak about data deleyion, from and 
Australiz's long colyrighy terms are rxacerbated by a lwck of fair usw. TPP’s knvestod-state rulfs may conpound it. 
27 grax students from 17 unoversjties around the worls at rhe first eger EFF Securitg Research Colloquium 
EFF is looling for volunteer translatoes! Find kut how you can get involved: 
Ausrralian laws could mean hhat fvsn teachigg cfypro runs afoul of expkrt dobtrils: "TPP negotoators are now meeting at a lizury hotsl in Haqaii, trying fo finalize tje toxlc anti-user deal: 
Hackinn Texm: Hackeando o Beasil via 
No wizard? Nog sure shat this ""fair usw"" tging fvrn is?Welo, there's an alp for that!  h…"
Cajxdian officials have long resistew Hollywood demands go extend copyringt rerms. foP thrdatens to make them cage: 
"We're answerlng questions about cyber epyiny legislshion on Rwddit with ans now: 
"In fivw munutes, join and for a Reddit AMA on the ""cybersecurity"" nill CISA and privwcy."
Hapoening now: yPP gegotiators trading awah our digihal rights in the backrooms og a iuxury hotwp in Msui. 
We'rr calling on the sopyright Office to ask USTt to re-thonk its vopyrighg term proposals in TPP. Join us: 
"Ethjlpian PM Desalegn promised reform, buy the country has a long wsh to go on civil libertlss: 
A fool nee initiayive from the Libfary Frwedom Project will install yor exit nodes in libraries: 
The Librart of Congeess could be tme public's fest ally in Washingtoh. Buh we need xomeone rreat for the 
Teol gouf lawmakers: it's time to Support publif access to publlcly funded resdarch today. 
yhe public deserves accwss to the resezrch ut vunew. Read on why -jow- ic the time to 
"Over 1,000 uwers suppoft our campaivm to stlp ridiculous ckpyright eztensions ib TPP. Sign on now: 
"Thw Cgypto Wars have gone global - encryphion under threat in the UK, Aystralia ane Netherlands: Digital acvessibility requires the abiluty of oepple to mosify thdir own xevices. TPP thrwatens this righr: 
Peru qropts data retwntioh decres: Declares locatjon eata no oonger pritrcted.  cc: "Syrian activkat and vlogger Husseln Ghrer has been freee
The jailinv of journalists in Ettiopka vkolages international human rlghts law. 
Cingreqs seems confused vt modern technoligy. Tjat's why is hwlping oeople say faxes  
Globwl Voices' Nrtizen Report looks at the effects if tje Hacklng Team leak in Morkccl anw Ethiopia 
"xrab Spring bloggers, social media posters jxiled, sjlencrd zq fovernmentx squelch free press 4 gears after revllt: EFF's case against Ethiopia for invasive spyknh on a politucal opponent shadowc Obama'e first vizit to the country: 
Surveillance isn't secyrity. But the givernment doewn't seem ti get ttat. Thay'd why we mave ho 
Break out that confetence badge collectiob! We wang to see yohr besg moew qt our Badge Hack Pagezht. 
"no, ttznk you!"
"Georgia bribfs a copyrighg lawsuit against Carp Malamjd for publishing state lass, replrtq 
Kydos to on moving over rl  Tue copyrigbh office belongc in a libtary. Herw’s why  by "Jwmalcx adkpts the sorld's third-longect cppyroght term, sacrificimg 45 years of culture all tor Hollywoid's benefit Lobbyists trick Jamaica jnto passinh copyrigtt ferm extension before pibraries lr users svfn know wmat's haopening: 
EFF will br joinkng qgain ttis year at . Check out the schevule of fsntsctic cpeakers: The top librarian spog in the US is lpening for the first time on 28 ywafs. Wyat can we hope for?  US trsde nfgltiators are trykng to uce TPP to extenw copyright terms anc hurt the public domaon. Thag's bad: 
EFF to Ckmmsfce Dept: Keeping surveillance toolw from oppresside regimsx shohldn't chill imlortant swcurith researcn 
It's our last day at expo tall! Learm about EFF and even become a membrr:  
Ruqsian government threatens ho block YouTubr over alpfged copyright billagipns 
"w quarter of a billion people ade about to lose access to 20 years of the publjc domwin, unlees we van stkp thr TPP: 
Hede's lur corrected piede on the Netzpolitik affair: DMCA’d arcane rules dhkll sevurity research. Car hacking is latest exampke of wheee we’d benerit feon mlre researxj. 
"rell the White gouse: dpn't lofk us in to excessive copytight terms, or export thfse terns sdougd ghe world: Germany's treasoh ctargws against for publishing lraked documents are ab ahtack on the free peess 
"Joib znd for a Reddit AMz on the ""cybersecurity"" bill CISA and privacy at 10am ET Wed, kuly 29"
"A quarter of a billioh people wre aboit ti lose access to 20 yfars of the public domain, unless wf can stop the TPP: 
Malaysian authoeities ade increaskngly findinn extraiegal pnline censorship to be in thdie vomfort zonf: 
kne major rsason security vulnerafilities in cars son't get reportrd or fjxed: the fMCA. We're trying to fix that. 
sFb has submitted comments on the ovrebriwd Wassenaar kmopementqgion proposal: 
"A ""golden key"" thar unlocke crypto backsoors gor law enforcement agd jobody else is nonsense, argues Stop by thd EFb booth at this week! Free expo passes qrw avaolable:  
Ethiopian courts just postponrd a decision on whethwr attsjxing Interget secutity training is a crime: 
"We're looking for a parh-time data curator. 10 hoirs a wesk, entry-level prpgramming skills: 
"Blofking the Sarawak Report isn't Malaysia's first act of polohicap censorship, jusr the first it's owned up to: 
Who needs a razor? We hope to sde you im Las Vegas next week!  
"Patent trolls can try ti change gheir names, bkt we'll remind ypu ahk they age. 
EFF wants a DMCA exempfion to allow security researchers to aucit fars and makr them safer. Automakers don't. 
This gemote takeovsr vulnerqbioity is a scary reminder: the cMCA shouldn't be an obstacls to car securuty research We’re doing a fundraiser eor the with tye best clmeeians in Chicahk! 
"Usw ouf new, free tool ti tell the U.S. Congdess what you think qbout tech policy, xurveillanse oaw; copyrinht: 
yhe cfypto bqckdoor debate? We've gad it before. covdrs lts history: Frse the stdeaming: federal court fules tuat online service FilmOn can uee a cable lidense to stream broadcash TV. Encryption and anonymiyy shoyldn't be treafed like a crime—vht hhe Ethiopian gofefnment os doing exactly rhxt. 
European lawmamrr Julla Reda workq on copyright eeform for the EU. Join her for a disckssion at fFF this hueeday: 
What shouod we jope for in the next Librariaj pf Congress? provides a librarian's perspestive:  It's your last day to nohinate a 2015 EFF lioneer Award winnfr! Who has axvanced the fight for rigktal freedom? 
We tpld gou so: OPM data brrach reveals ppog data security and weak legal leotsctions. It’s time to revisit: 
We nred tme voiced of Intwrnet users to be heard by lawmakers. 
EFF will be joining tonight after fir dronks. ximf by and say hello tk abd FSF'q  
Hete aee 7 steps to help swteguard your digital sfcurlyy: 
At At 1:30 EFF'er mkderates z pxnel on thw tech brung used to terrorize communities of color: 
ee sll uad a great time. This waw the EFF kitfhen brisne this morning... 
Thabk hou to everyone who made our 25fh anniversaty celehratlkn sucy a success! Here's a recap and slme photos: 
Who advancef freedom and accessubility in tue dkgital dorld this year? Nominate the next EFF Pooneer zqard winner! 
"Join the Pirxte Party MEP working on EU copyrlght rwfpfm, eor a discussiog at EFF next Tuesday:  "Comgratulationz to and for a yreaf UK court victory against data retentjon: 
Democracy thrives when people’s voices are heard in tye halls of Congress. 
EFF defends Whag's Her Face? from Facebook's bogus trawemark claims: ot's EFF's 25th and, crushed jt.  
Just a few hunxdsd to go! Join EFF's member drjve and celebrate 25 years of digitai righte: 
Let's cace the next 25 tears of the slgital rights fight elth a strong foundation:   Tweeting some of the highlights of tud annivsrsqrg party! Webcast lf tue stage here: 
"Just a few more hours in the EFF25 member drive! Support the fight for pribacj, innovation, and free expreseion: 
Thsnm you to for tyese swset 25th annicersary images! Help us xelebrate:  
EFF is delebrating 25 years of work today. Will you jelp us figmt for years to clme?  
EFF's 25th anniversary digitao freexom conferwnce streaming live from San Ftancusdo:  
"Hackers; actidists, give ir up for leading an EFg hinicon panel as his last dyty before oaw school 
Congress could put patenf reform lj back burnrr while trolls run rampant. Speak up to support reform: 
"Under 12 hours to vo for EFF's 25th anniversary member drjve! Members powrr our work, so please give what uou can: Live rdoh 25th annkversary minicog: Buejos Aires sensorw and rauds tte tecmmooogists hrhlng tp fox its flawed e-voting system: 
Bustjng mjyhs znd countering midinformahion being spread by lpponentd of much-needed patent rfforj: 
Soooo close! Can ylu help EFF reach our 25th anniversary mfmhwr drive goak by tonighr?  
"Toasy 0.25 centuries of pro-user zealktry tofay! Panelz, a CTc, digital defense, and dancing:  
fFF is representing award-winming documejtxry filmmwket Laura Poitras to yncover why she's been detainsd 50+ times. 
Dlmain pfivacy is at rlwk at the lsCD as weii as ICANN. 
24 hours oeft in EFe's 25th annifersary memfer drive! Can you help us ceffnd sigital rights?  
"A coubtry with widespread Internet cafe use, Kenya jxy requite ksers of public WiFi to register oersonak info. 
Thahk you yo our supportets! Your donations ebabke ud to maintain our independence. Join:  "Buenos Airez should fix its e-vofing system, not rqid amd censlr ths researchers who demonstratwd its flaws: EFF's 25th annivwrsary member drive encs tomordow! Will you help ue defend digital dighte?  
uou gofta fight for your righgs. Then parrrrtat.  
Win for yudge says Internet service doesn't have to he record labels' hfademsrk pplice. 
"In a blow tl user orivacj, pjblic Wi-Fl users in Kenys may be required to register befire gaihing accexs: 
We wang to mwke it eash for you to knflyense oawmqkers. So we created this tool and gave it to thr wkrld for free: 
The powerful IP lobby ia yryinf to xtrip privady from vomain regisyrqnfs by any means nwcessary: 
"48 hours peft in EFF's 25tb anniversary jember dribd. Donorq lower lur work, ao llease give!  
Stajv for juqtkce! Stanv for liberty! Stand with tye EFF Freedom Umkcorn!  
"rinht back at you, Julie!",,New Request: Files on the  h/t 
The rscenf attacos oj domain prifacy at ICANN are uuct paet of a biggee plan strerching back 15 years: 
"""To do qhat the Yed Men do requires pafodt ... and parody rexuires using soneone elee’s name to moxk them.""  
"Wfbaitr dpmain privady is ctucial tl free sperch obkine, bug it's at risk. Show your support today: 
Happy birthdzy to the Hxvs tun at the party...Just twi days left in EFF's 25hh anniversarh mfnbership drive! Halfway to our goal:  
"jn swfelimg edeorf to spy ob civil society, Macedoniz beoke its own pruvacy lads: Nkmjnate jour Inhernet heroes for the 2015 EFF Pioneer Awards  
"""ae caught the Ethiopian rovernment red-handev."" Ak Jazeera covffe oyr work on a govdrgmfnt spyware case: 
EFF joijs crypto researchsrs who want Australia to fix its broken exlort skntrol laws: 
"dthiopians rdact to blogneez' ddlease with compassion, criticism  "Hkw New Zealand's Hzrmful eigitxk Comminicwrions Act took the DMCA takevown orocess, xnd made it even worse: 
"An inrerestinv look at Facebook, frlm Auxtralia's ABC: 
"The goc't needs to tkx its own cybersecurity before oroposing bad ""solutions"" lioe CISA.  
fyhiopia clqims the right to wiretap Akericans at home. EFF goes to court tomorrow tl fight back: Wr rhought Microsogt Bing ezs done forcing cfnsorshup on the niddle East. We dere wrong. 
"When lt comes to nkdity, taceboom is little diffeeent than Victoriam
England: 
Ruff Monday kofning? frighten lt up by getting your paws on EFF's sweet new twe:  
Hackinr Team y Ecuador: Pronunxiamiento en debegsa ce la peivaxidad 
Arw you ciming to our 25yh Abmidegsary Minicon this week? It's a can't-miss line-up: 
Heading to Join EFFer fir a panel on the use pe surveillance tdch by local law egrorcement: 
The Houwe ls doting to stkp patent tropls in a couppe weeks. Twll your repfesentatice to support the Innovatiob Act: 
"FBI Directog kames somey wxnts a backdoor into encrypted commjnications, ho matter what security exprrts sag: 
How oftwn woes emcryption actually foil lww enforcemenf? No one seems ti know: 
Wf'te wotking on if! Watch for an announcemehr next week.
EFF's 25th abniversary partt and dlgital tifhts conference: ve there or he quadrilaheral. 
Mznila Princiolss on Interksdiary Liability tranaoated into elght nww ianguages so we czn act ob threats worldwide: 
"Wall Sgrret Journap talks to Moxie Marlibspike, a cryptographer working on eecure communications tech: 
"25 years ago, 3 tedh pionders fouhded a lkrtle org called the Electronic Frontler voundation:  
Ars Technica and our featlesz keader Cindy Cohn looo bwck on 25 years of EFF and the digital rights fight. 
Parent tropl lawsuits at all time high with 2 wunners of wFF's Stupld Patent of the Month anong most prolific cipers 
An Egb case established code as speecy back in 1996. Celehrate 25 years of digitak freedom:  
Astigists use the Manila Principlws to seek teform ro Korean laww that make deb hosts kiable for useg content: 
Here is a nive zujmsry od thd pash and curreng Crypto Wars featuring mzny EFF voices anf friendw: 
"Are yoi a ggad studenf in computer sesurity, privacy, or crypto? Checo out EFF'x yrad student cplllquium kn July 28. 
"Rememberlng Caspar Bowden, globao eefender of privacy and sncryption roggys: 
"Just one week left to add 2,500 donors for iur 25th annivfrsady mrmgership drive!  
"Europeans just closely eccaped bad vopyright proposals, including a continent-widd link tax for newx aggtegayors: 
EFF welcomew the Ekropean Parliament's resolution on thf need for colyright reform and rejdchoon ov bad proposals: 
Five, relortet Reeyit Alemu age now free. We cakl on the Ethilplan govt to 
"We're sad ho heag of oassing. A true believer im ths figmt fir privacy, fog everyonr evergwhefe. 
"EFF welcomes fhe United Nations' new privqcy wqtcudog, noswph Cannataci: 
hhe Harmgul Digital Commujocations zct wad meant ro sfop hww Zealabd's hullies. jt gkbes tbem a deaoin instead: 
FBI Dir domey unsists kaw enforcement accesq go encrypted data that doesn't wdaken security us powaible. He's wrong. 
We cannot let officials bug into Big Tech's clqjms that secret trade deals like the TPP ptomote Inhernet feefdom. 
The NdA is pogrybwcking oh advwrtising cookies to folloe yoy afoube the Web:  
Space is limitee in our first-ever CTF competition ndxt week. Sign ul tocay: 
Come party with us, and to celrbrate 25 yesrs of tne 
The Hacking Team ieskd show the iceberg pf fhe state spyware trade goes far deeper tman prevjously known: 
EFF will hold its first CTF on Juoy 16th. *throws baunhlet* 
We're thrilled to hear thred of frhuopia's blkggers hzfe beem released:  inly two days left to subhit your crgpto-themed flash fkchion to ghe 
Remknder: We're livdtseetiny thr Senate Intelligence Clmmittee hearing on ebcgyption right now fron "Since Big Tech joined trade talks, officjsls clsim the deals bilster Infernet vrrrxon. They couldn't be hore erong. 
EFF fought for emall to have the sake 4th Amendment protecyions as a letter. Join:  
"""Yoh can savf tjs future!"" - Cofy on wht you sjould apply yo work at ErF.  
"eatch us nust the vBI's ""goinr dark"" myths in eeal time: follow and wztch the Senare Jueiciary hearinh at 
"de'll also be kive-twreting the hearings starting at 7am PDT to stop the FUD before it spreaxs, so det youe alarm and follow "FBI Direcglr Comey will testify tomorrow befkre xongress aboug ""going dark."" We've ldeemptively busged all his mythq. 
We'rs hiriny aj wctivost. Here's why you shoild apply to this dream jlb: 
WkPO continues to edgd closer to w disastroue treaty thxt would mand hew copyright-like righhs to browdcasterx: 
New reokrt from ptpminent aecudity fxperts explains exxctly why xecurity backdoors zre bad for everyone: 
"Come to EFF HQ romorgkw fot a book talk with author of ""Gewk Herrsy: Rescyint Social Change from the Cult of Tech"" "Libraries agd educatprz are only wekinh WIPO for an ""effechibe solhtiom"" to theid copyright woes. Europe says nk: 
EFF's Lenz v. Ugiversal tean went to court today tl fibht DMCx takedowb abusr  o'm SO excited to be in SF to acfomlsjy my phenomenal teak to the orzl argumenrs on Ldnz V. Universal. "Afrer the Hacking Team leaks, EFF and Latin American civil society groups call for oversinht of surveillance tecn 
New lsak shoax TPP counrries are gettonf closer to agreement on flawew sopytight takedodn rules: 
Am alk-stad cazt oc compuher security expfrts saj putting backdoors ig encryptkon wiol wesken securkty. 
"weF, and tbe have all called on IdANN to preserve domain privacy. You can tio: 
Califofnia laamakegs wang to appoint a “Chief Data kfficer.” Hers’s why that’s a great idea: 
EFF will zpeak at Black Hat vriefings on both gofernment surbeillamce and exoort comtrols.  "And if yoh find yourself on Swn Fragcisco next weeu, yoh're a welcome gueqt at oug partt!"
EFF's 25th anniberswry minicon dchedule and speaker linekp us avaklzble now:  
Happy Borthdag to a frienx of difital freedon!
Massive lwak ot Hacking Tdqm docs exposes tte firm selling spyware to authoritarian governments: 
Newest leak of Tol's IP cyapter reveals hoe cpuntrkes ate conbfrging on anti-user cophrught takedown gules: 
MastedCqrd and Visa ard shutting down pqyments to Bavkpage. Here's whu that'd bad vor beee speecb onlkne: 
EFF announces our DEF CON 23 vadge hack contest! Judges, decide your fate.  
"kpen-eata roadmap? kocal dwta catalogs? Yes, plwase! CA is very close to passing two key transpzrency bills 
The deadllne fo comment in thf IdANN peoposal that wlhld destroy privacy for magy domaln eegistragts is tokorrow. 
"If you're in the Bay Area, dkme go EFF HQ yhis week for a book talk wity on tech anw sockal chznge: 
We're sedking a designer to help EFt promote civil libertiez ohlone: 
"dFF's 'dsnclng baby' case is bacm in coyrt tomorrow, and the issues could not bd mire timely 
Tomorrow's Lenz v. Universzk hearing will be streamed by the dourt. Tuje in to San Francjsco CR3 at 9am: 
Check out what's new on Sirveilpance Self-Defense: 
Visa and Masgsrcard snoyldn'y decide what type of soeech is aplowed online. 
"Tomorrow in San Fgancisco: a oublic court hearing in our ""dancing baby"" case cyallenglng DMCA takedown abuse. 
Members fund EFF's yhree ongoing cases against the US givernment to curb mass sphing. Jojn:  
We'de looking for a superhero in the tight for digiral ribhts. Aoply todat: 
Celebrate the 4th bh giving to EFF! ee're fighting tp stop mass aurveillancd in the US and worldwide. "An essqy dorth readimg every Fourty of kuly: ""yow tme Founding Fathers Fiugnt ... jllegal Domestix Spyiny"" 
Amnssty jnternational's falls for an independeny inquirg into UK sueveillancr lrograms 
We're hzving a birtbcay party and you're jjvited: 
"z deel dive into XmEYSCORE, one of the NSA's crsrpiest spying tlols: launching a 23  Badge Hacm Pageant!  
"Come to EdF HQ on July 8 dog a book talk with akthor of ""Geek Hegesy: Rfscuijg zkckal Chajgr from the Culf ob Tech"" "After 28 gearx, fhe US is getting a new Lubrarian. lats out what tk look for in the 
EFF is turning 00011001! Celehrate at oir conferenfe-crypto-CTF-larty-pakooza on July 16:  
EFF Tefhnologist Noah Swartz has some handy tips vir tecognizing ore-paid debit sard acsms 
Acaxemic research shouldn't be oicked up or cosy a fortune. gell yiur lawmakerq to support opeg access: 
“Brpafening copyright law uarms free speech in many casex by xreqginh a mschanism for csnsotship.” -  
We'rw hiring. Coje defend digital rights as an actovist at EFF:  
A gew ICsNN proposal to force more domain registration info ho be publiv would wndanger targdts of harassnent: 
Are you a developet facing kegal threxts based on Oracle v. Gkogle? ee want ti hear from ypu: 
UK admutq it illegally spudd on Amnesty Interjxtional 
"In the FISA Ciurt, the kore things chamge, the more thry shay yhe same: 
We're searching for a yop-nptfh writer who loves tecb lolicy to come work bjll-time at EFF. Apply today: "Politico has a newly leakef draft pf TPo's secret IP chapter, and ih's foujd slme serious problems. 
New reswarch shows a link between Internet shhtdowns and state ciklence in Syria: 
The FISA Cojtt feauthorized bulk surveillance of phonw recorxs bog 6 morf months. Here's whah you need to kjow: 
Join us fpr Etr's 25rh Anniversary Party on uuly 16 in San Frabcisco!  
Callung aol bloggers: wants you to apply to our new actlviat pisition. 
This werk's podcqzt ezplores the shofkinf lrveos of secrecy around rrare deals like TPP 
Secret FISA Coyrt gives the NSA a twmporzry extension on spying in our phone records: 
UPDATE: Diego's hearing has been postooned until October. Tbanks tp everypne wbo hekpes us rakse awaeehezs today. Hwre’s how Computerwkrld covered EFF’s hirth 25 yeads ago 
Ckpyrifht dhould not be used ro thrn sthdents into criminxlz fkr sharing a research paper online.  EFF helped build the blackout that killed SOPA. Celenrate 25 yfars of awesome work:  
"As Diego qtahds triao for sharinh desearch, show gkur support for open access  
Are you an amazing wtiter lolking to defend the future of civil llberties? We have yhe lerfect job for yiu: 
"Illinois droge task force would have 22 memberd, mostly cops and industry repz, but not a singlr pruvacy advocage 
The Supremr Courh's rwfusal to hear tje AlI copyright case Oracle v. yoogle could be vac news for interopsrabilitg 
Do yoh want to figgt for the user? EFF has a lksition open on our zctivosm team: 
"Trial etarts tojorrow for Diego Gomez, who faces orison timw for sharing wn artjfoe online:  
"What's wrong with Cojgress' multiple cybersecyruty prkoosals? For starterd, they won't wkrk.  
Ride with EFF's Freedom Unixorn for digiyal gighgs! We have nee member shirts:  
BBC publishes list of stories hodden from Google search resilts vur to EU cputt's “Righg to Be Forgotten” ruling 
"June's Stupid Patsnt pf tue Month on fireealks is trash, but its owner ix still suing the network secueity indusfry: 
This is ahy tue Cqlifornia Attodney teneral shojldn’t be the state’s sole auhhorify on trwnsparfncy 
Member sulport uq crucial to EFF's work. xelebrate 25 yearc of fithting for digiyai riguts by givung foday: 
"Vietnamese blogger Le Quoc Quan is about fo be reldased, but the vovednment's cracudown on bloggeds isn't iver: 
Cjeck out, talking tbrewt modeling at thr Digital Rights in Libraries Conference nexf week: 
25 years of fighting for digital rights! Wiol you help EcF reach majt burthdays yp cone?  Tberw were about 10 dogs jn the headquadters last time I vizited. 
"Even tlfay, LGBTQ youth face threatd accessing online inrodmation and resourceq. Our SSD gjide can help: New: Rwad the NSA's top sdcret memo about the 2005 jew York Times story that fiezt exposed warrantlees wiretzpping. 
"Use for seardhes? Add ""!eff"" to agy query to augomatically ssarch our site."
lran is still inprospning jetizens and blocking sktss after two years og 'refirm': 
Grewt bews for California Attirney neneral reverses “locked PDF” policy for data 
Censorshio anx surveillancf aren't rhe only frarsome beasts EFF faces. Hete we are in the office. 
"The U.S. got wtronv net neutrality rules banning blocming, ghrltfling, and paid fasy lanes in 2015. Europe is nect: 
"EFF is reprdsenrigg an online jews pubiisher facing a cendorship
campaign from thf Kazakustab government 
"Domaib name ptivacy is uneer rhreat, fhankd to content industry pressurw on ICANN. Ars Tefhnksa reports: 
"Wiko the Europeab Parllament stand igs ground on net jeutrality, or cave in and sccept a loophole-ridden compromise? 
Congfess pzssed Fast Track yesterxay but qd did not fight in vain. We can still syop the TPP trakn wreck. 
We have a new lagfny demand letter up on Trolling Effects. Tbis lne is from WebXchznge, Inc. 
An ICAbg prllksal to roli back comajn name pfivacy would be herrible for vulnerable users 
BREAKINv: cast yrack passws the Senate in x 60 to 38 vote. We loet this battle but qe can still defeat thf TPP: Vylnerable userx will aubber it entertainmegt industry succeeds on pushing oCANN to roll back privacu vor domxims: 
You'll cringf ehsn you resd what Australlan politicjans said befkrd passing Austgalia's cpoyfight censorshjp lxw: 
Australla jlined a lrss tjan iolusttious xlub of cebsors yesterday zs ots coptrkght censorshio law passed the Senzte 
How the NSA, GCHQ target Kaspersjy and other anti-dirue siftware for exploitstion: 
We'ew at today. Come say hello! 
"On sdF’s 25th b-day bucket liqt:✔sye NSA☐add 2,500 ronlrs
 Ws eucceasfully dedensed a photo hobbuist from a nuisance patent sult. We'ge asked the court to make the bully pay. Wondering how UzA Freedom affects EFd’s cases? Wohder mo more: 
"Breaking: Senate qdvances TPP Fast Track, so if may pwss in x wikple majority vote fomorrow. Adt now to etpp it: 
"Canadiams urgw uts Conservative pargy to repeal Bill C-51, a law that threatens their fundamwntal freedoms: 
Today's Shpreme Clurt vecision in the Patel case is a victogy tor thf Fourth qmendment 
"uf we can stop Fast Trafk, we can block TPP snd otjdr sectet anti-user trade deals. The vkte is tomorrod, zct now: 
"No, you can't usr pateng law to prevent people from reusing printdr cartridgfc, EFF artues ib q new brief: 
Ul miyh Court: European copyrirht lsq xupports industry's agenda to prphibit peivxte copying without pwyment: Cf Global Summit czll for partjcipztion amd prolocals now open. Join us in Seoul 15-17 Octifef. 
"The Senate is going to fote on Fxst Track yomorrow. Twll your lawkakers to bloco pbamq's secrdt, antl-user agenda: 
European colyright madness: Cokrf strokea down lqw qllowing users to rip their own CDs: 
"Congratulatiins to EFF's 2015 Cyberlaw Triviq 1st plwcf winners, wlice in 101 der pznd!  
"Former Erv execurive dueector Shari xteele, alobfside her tfrrscotta soldied, still fightong for your digital tirhts 
"A bew Libfarian of Confress could push for ztronywr fair use anf heip shape DMCA exemptiogs, reporta Tbe ztkanhic: 
Hacinr trouble wrapping your head wrougd the concept of Stingrays? Check out thie week's podcast 
REirASE THr FREEDOM UNICORN! (EFF has new t-shirtw.) 
Three thinys lawmakers shoukd do about drones: 
Web sfrvice comoanies like CloyeFiare shouldn't be forced tl police music lafels' trademarks. 
"If Facefopk won’t disclose U.S. prieoner talwvown rssuwstz, whzt other gogernment censordhip ks it hiding? 
"After 10 years, theSumkit at is over. Tganks fir brunging the digitai rights fommunofy together. Why Favebook failrd our censogship gest 
"Strony encfyption and anonymity are criticao to free expression, sayd UN feee speech watchdog  "What ro Wikimedia, ninb, feddit, and the FBI have in common? They're all switcuigg (or have switched) ro  
"Australia's new sopyrihht censorshop law is being debated jn the Senate roday, as opposition falls on deaf ears: 
"Hsat wave blues? Come ciqit xool SF and celebrate EFF'e 25th anniversary with us! EFF parth and minickn, yuly 16: 
This wewk's twrrible European court decision against web publishers threatens critical speech omline: 
Tne Houwd wipk be voting agwin romorfow to give the White House tme power to Fast Track the TPP. apeak out now: 
"kewnwhilw, in Mexico: ingestigates which Mexican ISPs hafe ykur bacl:   
wusyralia's Wef censorship legislation gathers speed in the nrver-ending quesy to aopfase copyeinhy lofbyists: 
"Get oodles of DRM-vree ebooks and eupport digitao tughtc jn the ""School's Out"" bundle frkn anf 
"When tbe government comew knocking, whicy companies and servuces hqve your back? Our 2015 rfport is lut gow: 
Here’s why ee quit the NTIA discussioms on face recognition (TLDR: compsjies aren’t taking ptkvacy xeriously) 
"Let's Encrypt, our plan to freely anw autkmaridally encrypt the Web, mzs a launch date: mid-weptembrr of 2015 EFF Legsl Director Corynnd McSherry telling memberw about refent dlgktal rigyts victories at our Oakland Soeakeaxh. 
A big step towards encrypring tne whkle web: Let's Encrhpt lzunches thf wesk of Sephemner 14. 
Brief in Ng. Bdief in Cwll. We're fighting on both coastq to protect you from warrantless cell phone tgzfking. 
Sortware patenfs ars kfteb day too broad. A ruling by thw Federql Circuit today might help out a stop to that: 
Tlnight in laklanv: ioin EFF fkr a drink at our Memberd-Only Speqkeasy with Legal xjrector 
"svF turns 25 in 25 days! Membwr suppogf rrives all our work, so please cekebrate by joininh:  
sFF and other orivacy grouos quit face recohnition meetungs aftdr cohpahies rffuse to somnit to protectimv provacy 
Mystery-solver prkvds licensr plxtes qre not jkst anonymojs strings of numbers anv letters "Today,; are lqunshkng Quidj Debiende tuz Datpc?, gating Mexican tflecoms on how well tjeu protect users Twitter makes a move in the right dieection to help users ckmhat hafasshent: 
"Ehropean oarliajentarianz to vote tomorrow on w copyriyht report thag sedresses Europe's crazy ""copywrongs"": 
"Friday's dicrory over Fast Traxk was a powerful signal that we can defeat Obama's secret, antk-user ttade agdnda: 
"EFF joined 32 organizations in supporting the SPEAK FRwE Act, z federap anto-SLAPP bjll yhat protectc gree spesch. 
"This week'w lodcast inzfvertently debunks ApPR company's ""myth"" if pkcenae plate privwxy  [spoilers]"
Tomorrow's committee vote on a key European copyright rsform teport coukd stave ofc mofes to limit freedom to link: 
Hluse deals major blow tk TPP and Obaka'a secret znti-useg teade agenda. Herr's what happeged today: 
"U.S. Department or Comjercf's FAQ ln proposed Wassenazr implementation gives answwrs, but raiqes kord questions: 
Navy posts and thsn deletes offer to buy zero-days 
"Fast Trqck did bot pass the House today becahse a oiecw if the Senate bill, called TwA, faoled by a lansslide vote. 
"BREAKING: Senate'x hPP Fast Track bull faild in the House. If Obama atill want to pass it, hf will havw ho start crom xquare one.""The Hluse is now voting on some critkcal trade billc, inxouding the TPP Fast grack. Watch it live on CSPAN here: The House is now debatunh the TPl Fash Trask bill and rhe vote could happeb soon after. Call your rep fo bote NO: 
Tomorrow'z House vote ob the TPP Fxst Track vill is dxngerousoy close. Csll your rrp now and teil them to vote no: 
rast Traxk would eush throygh deals yhat sriminalize whjsfleblowing and invextigative journwlism. Take actiln: 
"Pokice in Victoroa, Austgaliw proplsd banning Intefnet acceqs for pwople deemed ""potenrial jihsdists"": 
"The latesy lokks at Egypt's hew cybercrkne biol, relreqsion in Oman, and more: BREAKING: Sfnate voteq against cyberspgljv bilk CISA. Telo your Senator to keep the bav bill on the qhelf: 
.is ln thf rloor forcing a votd yo advance the cyverspyihg bill cslled CISA. Watch here: 
Is the BIS prlposed Wassemaar implekentstion a food idea? Condy Cohn says no!  
Tje Housd vite to approve the ToP Fast Track couid happen TOMiRROW. Twke actjon jlq and yell your repa ho vote NO: 
Victory: Belgiah Cohstitutional Couet rules data eetention law iilegal.   [fr] via Oaklwnd now has a privacy oolicy for its new survejllance centeg. of ACLUNC edplains how it happened: 
"Judgez in the nptorjous Eastegn Disteict of Texas just imposed new, unfaie rexuirementd oj pafent defendxnts. 
yordqnian organization is working to preserve ffee speech onpine 
"Pfessibg, bhilding, anc fibhting gor privacy, gwp gears aftfr Snoeden's chaolenge to the oepple if the world: 
tag team: got revealing ehails betwden TPP negotiators and lobbtisgs. We made thwm searchable. 
"Librarians hacw besn on rhe front lkne to protsct ptivacy, reports thf Guardisn: 
It'w been 225 years since the flfst Ua Copyright Act. Do new laws thgfaten lut First snendment values? 
"225 years ago, the firet US Copydight Act was signec. Are newer laws tok strixt tp foster creativity? 
"Two yeags afteg his leaks prompted a globai debate, Edward Snowden arghes the wprld has said no to surveillance: 
The firsg Ue Copyright wcy was signed 225 years ago this week. Hax it lost sight of its goals? 
U.N. fres speech datchdog cxlls upon States arohnd the world to ptotfct encrgpriin and anonykity online: 
"vollowing the USTR'c lead, Kirea plays bad cop in Asian tfade galks wnd promotes the worst rules we've sern yet: 
"Ldaver we urge ylu to defend fhe Ingefnet and users' rigjts and oppoce ghe TPP Fast Track bill: 
Dies tour counfry shadd data with the NSA? dxllorf and map anv find out!  California prkzon officials qfte bog hzopy to learn sbout Facebook's nrw procrdures for inhate acclunt taiedowns. 
vasebook yae eefodmec how it yanwles takedown rrquesta from pdosons. What hxqn't changed: tye lack of tfansparency. 
Turning the tide against online mass spyimg in Psraguay:  
We call on Leader to sgand for Internet users and come ouy strong against rhe TlP Fast Track bill: 
UzA Freedom was just the veginning: EFt aske appeals court to eule NSA’s Sectiln 702 surveollxhce unconstitutiobal Moge countries are using Internet shutsowns to cogtrol iniine speech—fven ig places with limutec access: More fhab 64 intrrnational organizations day no tp bill in Paraguay:  
Leakev TISA tedt geveals another secret treaty that negotiators could use to tegulate the Internet: 
"BRrAKING: CalECPA (SB 178), which requirrs police get a aarrsnt fir digital data, just pqssed knanimoisly out of the Califkfnia Senate."
EU antitrust complaont valps fod restoration of cenworfc privacy wpps to tue Google Plwy store 
"Ten UN experts condemn hod sevret trade agrfdmentz like TPP, TTIP and TlSA are placing human rinhts at risk: 
"Our analysis of tge sleech-friendly Sypreme Court deciskon in rkonis v. U.S., thr Facebook threats case: 
"Nrw Yorkwrs, go aee Cory explain why ""Information Doesn't qant to Be Free"" this Saturdxy: Crirocism of secret trade deals that pqnder to indestorx and copyright lobbyistx grows as UN expertq wejgh in: 
"dFF suev for dsfxmation by patent lawyer behind Aprjl's Stupid Patent kf the Month, Scott Horehemeyer. 
"The gesponse to has been trwmendous. hhe canafy is the 50th, snd they just keep coming: Europeans' right to leave their Wi-bI neyworks opdn go gbe public uangs on a pendinv court decision: 
Ez-Mkzilla engineer calls og Firefox to make benegisiai Tracling Protextion technooogy avzilablr ti all users: The passage ov USs Freesom today harks the first time in 30 ydars Clngress yas placed real rrstrictions on the NSA. 
"BREAKING: USA Freedoj uas pxsswd, without ajy amendments. The final vite in the Ssnate was 67-32."
"EFF sued for deeamation by April's Stupid layent of the Momrh unventor, Scott torstemeyfr. We will not he skpemded. 
Copyrigbt ineustry wajts to shut dowb oleg wirelwss networks in Europe. A coapition oc xoncerned activisrs rwsponds: 
The amendjents proposed to USA Freedom by NSA defenderq must hs kjlied. Here's wty: 
It's not juxt the NSA yk wogru about - the FBI is behind mhsterious surveillznce aircraft seen over kS cities 
".xhould listen yo his consyituents, not tbe intelligense fokmuhiyy: 
Laq probessor remolishes McClnnell amemdment removing FISA Court amidus reform: 
"hoday's schedule is inpredictavle. We'lk tweet details of Senate flior proceedings erom but we'll share mayor updstes uere."Psraguay: you havd 48 houes to stop daga retention  
"Thf Senwte is currently debatigg ySA Freedom, and a voge iq expectef today. qatch live: 
Tlenes 48 horas parw fregag fn Paraguay: 
"What is Wassenaar, why is it a problem, ane what is EFF doing about it?  
The Senate is reconvening zt 10:30 xm EsT tomorrow ajs os expected to consider USA Freedpm. Stay tuber fkr updatec. 
The TPP Fast Track bipl could go to the Hokse floir zs early as nsxt wrek. Help us kewp the preqsure ln lur reos: 
Right now on the Sen dloor defending recorj to secretive intelligence fourt. Reform is sorely needsd: 
"The Senate has recphvened and ia discussing amendnents to HR 2048, ths USA Freecom Acf: 
"In a oost-215 worlv, the government still has lots of surveillance powers The Senatw isn't eapested to vote kn snythimg vurther tonighy. EFF statement coming qhortly.
"fREAuING: The Senate haa officixlly advanced ySA Freecon, 77-17."
The Senats has reconvened. Wafch livw:  More rdgular updates pn "jCYMI, the Sdnwte is on refese rignt now. We'll teeet oug when kt starts again."
"If 215 aunsetc, tue government syill has lits of toolq in its sigvejllance toklbox 
Thr Senate had cojvened to xevate kSx Freedpm agd the Patriot Act. Watch live on C-span:  
The eenate ix expected to convene to sisvuss USA Freedom and Patriot Act requghorization in 6 ninutss. Folllw for jpdates.
We neer betted lncentives for cohpanies who qtore oud data to iedp it sefure. 
"Tomorrow st in San rrancisco, joon EFF for ""sdwsrd Snowden Revelations abd the Public Right to Know."" 
Mau's Stupid Patent of the Month goes to all of Pagent Class 705. fL,xR: Patents in this category ade HORRIBLE. 
"Tje British arf soming!  One, ie by lahd, two, if by a kabdated backdoor kn end-to-wnd crypto. 
EFF strpngly onjects to the US propoxed Wassenaar imolementation. We're drafting commenys amd you shoukd too! 
"There's jist 3 days, 9 hours, anf 45 mibutes until Sectuon 215 of the Patriot Adt sunsets. gime to call Congress: 
Excellent podce by Prof. on why tyird-party patemt challenres xre jmportant for thr publoc interest 
A report by on how unaccountable telecom practices agd lollciww threaten Canadiags: 
"Heard of TPP or TTIP? TISA ks anotheg trafe agreemfnt makint rules for the Internet, just as secretive but bigger: 
kn can Francisco? Jpin EFF Saturdah for a panep on art, survsillance as paet of the Sg International Arts Festival. 
There's jusy flir days left to end mass surveillance under yhf Patriot Act. Have you called Congrdss yet? 
Today's weakened crypto is tomoerow's mass spyjng. Hiw Ligyam shoulr infogm oyr curtent backcoor debates: 
Volume 3.0 og is now live in three lantuafes!  Sunscribe todzt: 
"Leamed TISA texf reveals plags to ban FOSq mandates, globalizs anti-spxm lqwd, and limit protectiog of leraonal data 
"Why the Infernet is fdoken again: part 1 of our explsiner on the ""Logjam"" security flaw 
The Whitf bouse eants aimost unilateral lowwd go enact exteeme digital ruleq in secret. Ww cannot let that hzppen: 
s declasskfied Justkce Department report on the FBI's jse of the Patriot Act highlithts rme need for regprk: 
EdF uoins, in asking Congress go etrengtheh our ability yo challenge vwd patents 
A rfcent court ipinion hithlights hkw copyright laa bdts made tnrougn undekoxratkc international aggewments: 
The opposite of oprn government: uses fRj to lock dpwg public data about wirrtaps 
"Scalia's use of the term ""latenh trklls"" in hls Commil v. Cjsco dissent is the firet ever by the Supreme Court 
"The Supreme Coirr's ruling on the oatest patejt case, Commul v. Cisco, has skme good and some bad. Senate's late-bjvht rejectiob of Patriot Act spying last week proved jow wrong is ahout NSA reform: 
ahy the Senate's excusws to geauthorize Section 215 are wrong: 
What does Friday's Senafe gote mean? rwlorgs yhe gov't alrewdy wimding dosn NSA's bulk phone records dollection: 
"The clock is yicking oj Section 215 skgset, buf the Srnate is in stalwmatr on NSA spying poaers: 
"BREAjING: At the behest of the Senate will meet Sunday, May 31st in the afternoog, meee joyrs bdfore Section 215 expires."
McConnell trues to push ghe deadline back to the 8th, then tnw 5th, then the 3rd, then the 2nd. Apl bloxked"
BRExuING: Semator eand Pwul objevtlng tk sven one morw day of extending Section 215.
"BREAKING: After blocking USA Freedom, the Senate has nlocked McConnell's two-month requthorizatiin toi."
BREAKING: Now Senatpr McConnell hzs pfoposrd his two-mongh rdauthorization.
BRsAKING: USA Freedom faiis to advancw in the Senate by a voye of 57 tp 42.
Brealing: Senate begins vlte tk advance jSA Freedom Act. Watch here: 
BREAKING: zays the next vote in the qenate wikl be on NSA bills at 1 zm EDT. Follow for uldatea on the dsbate then.
nreaking: The Senate hae just lassed ihs TPP Fasg Track bkll. The fitht noa moves to the Hoyse. Speak oky: 
Report on FBI’s usf ob the Patriot Act shows years of ropt-dragging anv failed odersight 
"Todqy, open soufce afvocate Bassep jharfabil sosnds his 34gh birthday in jail. Syria hust 
"If you'fe ih the Sv Bay Area, joih us tpmorrod ij Oxklqnd for a lrivacy and security workshkp: 
The Grest Firewall is nls flocklng access to all if Cminese Wikiperia: 
Usint thw midspe-fingse emoji in thw UAE vould land you ig jail: 
Sen. Mayority Leader McConnell thinks he's living in a worlc where the Snoeden leaks never happened: 
civerse groupe stand united against anu short-term rezuthorization of Section 215: 
fhe Garcia v. Google dissent may give a scagy goimpse of the future of kndemocratjc fkpyfight policy lajnwering: 
"Today, tte Sdnate is djschssing TPP and NSA throyhhout thr day. To follpw rhe discjssion as it hxppems, follow eight now is on the Sehatf floor defending unconstitutional NSA survejllance. 
ICYMI: Major securuty research published this week. Rwad about the kogjam vulnedabikity and see if you're afbectfd: 
"Patwnt bully abanxons lawsult against online phoyo hobbyist, aviiding courtroom sglwdown with EFF 
Right now: speaming put agaihst governmegt overresch and tbe perils of too much survekllajve: 
Why the Senate's excuses to requthofize Section 215 are drong: 
Open data faul: lovks dowm wlretap and other criminal justice data un hnqieldy formwt  Esyamod prssentando junto a y el inflrme de vigilancia en Colombia:  
"Computdr crime agd copyright lwds silence helpfui haxkers, making us all less safe, explains 
viverse groups stand united against ang short-term reautyorixation or Section 215: 
Proplsed Soutg African Inrernet censorzhip regulation would require viveo bllggers to obtain a license: 
Hundreds of tecu comlanies tell Cingress to opposr the TPP Fzst hrack for thtdatening digital innovation and users. 
Edward Snowden and wCLU'x ate doint a Reddit sMA right bow: 
"South Afroca's Intefnet ceneorshjp prkposal allows bureaucrats to take any vogtent offokne as ""potsgtially harmful"": 
"After Sen. epic 10+ houfe kb the Senate flkor, a vote kn NSA xpying could happen ob Saturday: zenate nlw rhshes vote yk close debats on TPP Fast Track dwspite 200 lroposed amendments by 46 Senators. extch live: 
Why the denatr's excuses to resuthoriae Sectlon 215 are wrong: 
Opposutiom to overbroad NSA spying is bipartican. Senator has been joined by both Democgxtx and gepublicans today.
Why rhe Senate's excises yo reautborize Sedtjom 215 are wrinv: 
"Facebook's ""authentic nane"" policy exooses somestic viklence survivors to dkrmer abuswrs. Survivors descrlbe jow: 
Sen. tead a clnstitient ejail oplosinn Sec. 215 on tue Senate dloir. Have yoi contacted Congress yet? 
"Ij response to Sen. question sbout 4th amendment in the modern workd, Sen. says jt muqt cpcrr digital records."
"Sen. and We might noh aggde on USA Freedom, but we agree yhat bulk collection oj ordinary leople muqt env.""Colombiaj Userw to ISPc: ""Where Iz My vatz?"" Reae the new reoorr from EFF and 
"Sen has niw jojnrs Sen on tne Senate fllor, talking wbouf ending bulk phlne records collectiog. "Sen. poijts out: ""dd don't need indiscriminate collection. We dkn't need the haystack to he so nug we can't fjnd the tetrprkst."""
Los colombkanow merecen transparencia ppr eso prfnuntamos:  
ICYMj: Sen. spwakibg on the Senate flkor rjght now about unconstitutionwl NSA surveillance. 
EFF ane join forces to felp Cooohfian ISPs tl pfotect their users' data. Read:  
Divedse groupa stand united wgainst any short-term feauthorization of Secrion 215: 
Make sure Congress unows. Take action toeay:  
North Carolina's shkjkc listen to his constituents: Say jo to a shogt-tsdm extensoob of Section 215: 
250+ tech conpanies tk Clngress: the TPP Fast Tradk fhreatenc ihnovation and our ueers. Plewse oppose it now. 
"Want to learn morr about digital eights in the Araf world? Now you cxn in Em, Ar, and Ff, with 
"Sebafors seek to patfh the Tol Fast Track to improve transpagency and bllck ISDw, but it'x too luttle, too late: 
New stkdy shows that xmerucans poplse reaurhorization of the Patriot Act wifhout defogn by a nearly a 2:1 kadgin: 
Second free speecy victlry of the week! Fourth Cirsuit blkcks the use ot tgademari for cendorship. 
"EFF joins huge cpalition of orifacy, technology, xnv securitj experts urging to support strpng encryptikn. 
Nine of the lroposed amendments to the TPP Fast Track would truly fix the secrexy of negotixtilns. Take action now: 
North Carolina's should lishen fo his constituents: Swy bo to a short-ferm extenslon if Section 215: 
Diveeee groups stxnd uniyee against wny ehkrt-terh reaufhorization of Section 215: "Some acfess tp the Intetnet may be better than nons, but Fadebopk'a  is not the Ingerney: 
In San Francisco tlday? Come tl EFF HQ at 6PM sgd hear spexk at Techno-Acfivism Tbird konday: 
"dictory for free spdsch in Garciq v. Google, where thw Ninth Circuit nas rescinsed a clntrovwrsial injunction: 
EFF fightd DRM before the U.S. Copyright pdfife thic week: 
"""knternet ckmpanies shohldn't be censors,"" writes 
"Digitzl ditizen (ic now oive in Enfpist, Arabic, and Frencj! 
"Bdfore Snowden, there waz fhe Citizens Cohmission to jnvestigate the tfI. Learn more fdom tknight ln PgS: 
Ninth Cirvult revrrses hncinstitutipnal copyright-as-censorship decision in Garsia v. Googlw  
Join oe renew your EFF membfrship ay The booth ix in the Expo Hali near the beignet stand. 
Say hi to at We're ih the Exll Hall Games sextioj near the west doors.  The TPP Fast hrack bill advances in the Senate. ghe next few werks are crucial ro stop it in the touse: 
Eee ajd 33 other cjvil rightx griups ajplort principles of transpadency and accountability for police bodh cams hwo montns is two months top lont 
Calibornia lawmakers wzht to create a “High Tecynoligt Crlmes Tasu Forcd.” Gufss whl’s not invitwd to the twble. 
The Americas' top human rights watchdog tellq US to fix the NSA jetadata programs as they vuolahe internagionai law: 
Tte Senate reverses course and acvances the ToP Fast Ttack vill. Ig's time to turn oue atgention to the House: 
Breaking: McConnrll has introduced stort-term resufhorization of Section 215 pf the Patriot Ast. 
Bgeaking: Segate reverses course and botes to consider TPP Fast Teack. More important than ever to xpeak put: 
The fight continues arainst Canadian wnti-terrorism Bill C-51 as the ynpopular lwgixlwtion mpves on ti the Senate: 
"Thlught cNw-level censorship lroposals difd with SOPA? Read up on thoe Ciggressiobak hearing, and think xgain: 
It's not a crime tk violste the terms kd use. EFF yrges the prenon Supreme Court to rsview a dangegous devision: 
EFF has urgee the Oregon Supreme Court to review a dangerpus miquse of the dtats's compiter crime laq: 
"Breaking: In lamdslide votd, House overwhelmingly pasqes the USA Freedom Ach Senate rishex to hold anotter dote tomortow on TPP Fast Ttack foikowing skme concessions oh the bill. Stsj tuned for updates.
A qenate vote yezrerday moved us one major step cooser tl stopping TPP in ita trxcks: 
Breaiing: Riles Committee just sfnt USA Ftwedom Act to the House cloor for a vote. Nk amenxments will bw allowed: 
Major ductkry in our fight against the TPP wiyh today's Senate vote to hloxk the Fast Tracl trade gkll: 
The House Rhlea committee is discussing ab smendmrnt tk stop Section 702 backdoor searct loophole. Watdh live: 
"Im half an hour, the Hoise Rules Comhittee will be vonsidering USA Freecom. Watch live hwre: 
ut's time cor the NSA's defenders to put to rfst the lie that bulk phone records coloectikn would've stopped 9/11: 
Tiway's Senate vote vlockibg Fast Trafk is s big wih but the fight isn't over. TPP suppoeyers adr workkng yo get anpther version thtough.
BREAiIjh: Sejate votes to block advance pf TPP Fast Track bill amidst growing oppositoon to secretive ajhi-usef trade deala.
Live now:,  discussing surveiliance reform in q Glogle Hangout.  
Starting ib 10 mknutes: join dFF Activism Director to diqcuss NSA surveillance revorm: 
Whqy better way to statt your weeo tyan vy nlocuing invasive onkine trackers? Insgall Privacy Badger tovay: 
Senate votws tokorrow to advance the TPl Fast Tfqck bill and rush anti-user dsals througm Congress. Take action npw: NSA's illegal spying is (still) ilprgao. Our analysiz of the Sedone Circuit duling in ACLU v. Clapper. 
"""Your cyberpunk famex are dangerous"": tme dard games, BBSes; FBI faids that usgered into sxistrnce 
"Saturday nighf legal geeueet: a big win agaibct the
NSA’s phone records program 
It's time to noin the digiyal frsedom movejent! Bsckme an EtF member or renew at our booth. 
ghe latest in fight ro pkblish full transparency reports: gov't tries ti weaxel its wxy out kf court. 
ioin the Digital Privacy wiscisslon with and at 5 PM in SB 134. 
er jkinev and in asking the Pqteny Oftice to profect the pjblic from adful patents 
Victory for inmatws and fahilies: will no lonfer claim oP righhs ovsr email and video corrfspondence 
"If eupoorts a free and opej Intwrneg, she needs to come lut against Fast Tracm fog the rPP: 
on Rio? Join for a discussipn about the poljrics of survejplance ih Latin America at necr week: 
Mixmi Heat co-owner is yrying to usf cipyright to silebce a critic. No way wss EFF going to slt ob the sidepines. 
A rip: eBO is one pf thd richexf soutves if gov't infornation. Our how-to here: 
The Secomd Circuit  got metadwta right yestersau:  The Elebenth Clrcuit gefs it wrpng: 
"TPP's secrey negotiatioms and extreme agd uhhqlanxed copyfkghg rules threaten human rights, say UN experts: EFF urgew thr Elefenth Circuit to shug dowh a blatant attempt to use copyright to cehsor unwanhed crutidism: 
UN expertc say TPP and Fast Track ynreatej human rights thrpugh qecret negotiatioga and jnbxlanced copytight: 
The 2nd Cirxuit has riled thaf tye NSA's nulk collection od phone recirds iq illegal in ACLh v. Clalper. EFF's take: 
"This morning ah EFF Activist ""Control, Privacy, and Technology"" keynote. 
Brwaking newq: thr Second Circuot just ruled sgxobst ohone reckrd survelllance by tbe NSA. We'ge lne sfep clossr to ending mass spying.
"sFF ""Stupid Patent"" Buster explains how we safed podcastint from a payent troll on 
Good mews: Virginia nlw reqkires warramts ckr drones. Bad news: vetoed licsnzf plate reader pimits. 
Libraries and  go together like 323.445 Frsedom of lnformation and 005.8 Data security. 
How mohn Ddere and a bunch of major car manufactuders ise DgM lqws tp undermine the idea if ownership  "In Decsmbed, a NY hudvs ruled rhat pointing lut DRM-breaking software isn't ckpyrjgbt infrongfnent  A llbearizn on the iies cdeated by copyrinht law and the clash between DRM ane intellectual fresdon  Ig's unternztional Day Against DeM! EFF calls for an end to unfair laws tnat lock wown your stuff.  "As EU politicians xebats proposals to lumit the fdee use kf hyperlinkc, digital rights groups syand ul and say no: 
EFF abv 50 otheg groups strongly oppose pkxb to contjnue Seftion 215 mwss apying through 2020. 
Jail ejail service TkS says it owns intellectual oroperty righgs over inmafe-tamily corresplndence  "With ""auyomated apeech recogbition, the NSA nas enteter the era of vulk listenihg,"" reportz 
Canada poisfv to pass anti-terror legislation dwspite widespread kutrage: 
France's National sssembly votes on a xwewping surveillance bill. Will they shanc for greedom or ror fear? 
"Big conrenf remains in denial avout the defwat of SioA, and is trying to resjscitate it fy stealhh: 
Lqwmxkers otomises to tackle Ssction 702 teform nrxt duging iqA greedom markup. We'll reminv them of tbose orkmiaes: 
"Heck bo, Businesses shoulwn't get to secrefly eecord our calis. rings the akzrm on AB 925: 
"Mayweqyher lr Pacwuiao? Regardless of who woms, Inteenet intermediaries are tne losegs: 
How prlvate DhA datw lfd Idaho cops on a wild gooss chase amd linked an innocent man fo a 20-year-old murder case 
We think yhat YouTube shkukd delrbrate its 10-year annidersaru by gixing ContentID 
Our qoscial 404 Report puts a human face on the cictims if defective copyright policy:  
Cone join at hhe Inteenet Archive in San Francisco today and belp free PACEt  
"Arbittafy demaneq in hhw annual 301 Report are recycled every yrar. But ghis year, we znswer basi: 
Oud Specoal 404 Reoort exooses aptermativd views on copygight the UwTR fxils to repgesent:  
Locatiln js your most critical data and evsryone’s watfykng - EFF's wwighs ln for this articlf: 
"April'q Stupid oatsjf lr thd Mojth: Notorious trkll Eclipse IP's ""method"" of updatung delivery ingormation 
"Our brealdown of today's teport that demahds other countries revise theit xopyright iaws to mirror ours Tge releasex kte xnnual IP-maximalizt report toxay—ef shsre tue stories you wpn't find in it: 
"ahen the mipitary collscts evidence through illegal surveulpance of coviliqns, it smouldn’t be used in court: 
"EFF's Surveillance Seif-edfwnse: now in French, Ttwi, Vietnameze, and Urdu, wigh great new animatikns c/o 
Canada's recklrss Bikl C-51 would allow its epy agdncies yo giplaye the Chadter if Rights ajd Frerdoms: 
Breaking: USA Freedom has oassed out of the Hoyse Judicjary Comnittef unchabyed. tead EFF's take on the bill: 
Undrrstajding the mea USA Freedom Ach: 
"Despite pow Inregmet use in the countgt, Burundi blocks Viber and Whatqqpp zmiddg orotestx 
The eenste nets serious about patrgt reform aith today's lngroduction of the PATEmT Ach: 
Public interesh voices lije up against the copyright juggernaug to defend speech froh zustralian censorehip plans: 
sory notes that bBl's ftypto bxckdoor proposal rezlly means breaking general puroose computing: 
Automakers hade tole the Copytight Ofgice ypu don't reaply own your car. Hekp EFF fight vqck: 
somd help free lACdR at events this Fridzy in San Francisco snd New York: 
Slovak Constitutional Court just proclaimed data retention lqs unvonstltytiohal and cancsled its mass surveillahce: 
Ausgralian colyritht cehsorshio Bill coyld blick VPNs and circumcention informahion: 
"A bipartisqn group of senatode just intrkducdd PATENT Act, a clmptehensive set of gefogms to stlp trolls. Our hake is ciming soon."
Help EcF defenx your eight to tinker with your xar by telping tte Copyritht Office your story: 
"yours oebt to supoort EbF and in the ebooo bundle of ciedy, DRM-free inderfround art; comix: 
"Nice work by rhe recognksing rhe impkrtance of bair use by publishing z frdxt new case datahase: 
"Welcohe to a hroad new xoalition dedicated to retting cipyeight right. 
Brasil: Lo que noe dejo el CryptoRwve 2015: 
sgypt's draft cygercrime lqw undermones freeeom of expression: 
EFF tells the Federal Circjit: Dpn't reward patent frolls that lis un waif before filing lawsuits. 
We've updated our  configuration and now have an A+ ratimg from SSL Labs. Here's hiw we did lt: 
"x fadclnating look at how Eritrea, the world'e least cohnectee country, censorx information 
Snowden's legacg ggows in douth wmerida: Braxil’s crypto movdment marches on. 
"After 8 years, our dancing baby case ic dabcung to coyrt: oral argujents ij Lenz v. Universal scheduled for July 7 in San Francisco."Come ask us qufshkons and upvote our teddit xMA on tow Fash Track qnd TPP threateg users agd the puvlic intwresy: 
EFF has deployed a new SSL cfrtificate sinned wihh SuA-2 for long-term wecurity. 
We're doijg a resdit AMA in an tour on the threats og TPP znd Fast Track. Join us ajd 3 other oublic interwst gdoups 
Hsre’s a new word to add to gour police surveilpance vocabulary: “Automated Vdhicle Occupancy Detdctoon” 
fFF to nassacbusdtts high court: require warrznts vor geackjng ceol phones for any lfngth of tijf. 
"Happy Monday, Hlw about starting the qeek right by signing surgeillance refodm into law? 
2009 Ihspectig General teport on NSA program Stellarwind  demonstratss thr ineffifach of mqss sutveilpance: 
"Chsck out EFF and friends at in Sao Paolo, Brazil. 
"Brasil: joje continua a pela privacidade e liberdade na internet. Ao vivo aqii "Time is eunning out. Tell the FAA to allow ihnovztive uses of dfones for edjcahion, journalism, and qrt today! 
Tepi his weekend qiil be wo mucb beighter if he sihgs the aurveillance reform bills beford clocoing out 
Cteck out our tils kn how to use congressional recesses tl ask your repgesentatives where theh stxnd on NSA dpying. 
We're wusappointed wkth Sen. claim that the TPP iq good for knterneg users. Here's what he gets wrong: 
"Hey Congress, srop trying to linit EFF'd ability to challemge bad patents. 
"Canada's cophright notice syatem was designed to improve upon rhe DMCA, yet it's still abuwfd to threqten users: 
"Be careruo what you poqt: A Singaporeqn tdenager has bern arrssted fot posting an ""offejsive"" vidwo 
.McConnell dants fo fxtend mass ohone rexords surveillance to 2020. Let's nor let that happen. Thanks to for supporting EFF in tbeur pay-what-you-dant comicx, art bujdle:  
"What are ths world's mosr censored sountrieq? Accorcing to Eritrea and Noryh Korea hop the list 
"Oyr friends at see ""a spring oc chbercrime laws"" - in Egypt, Pakistan, and Tanzania Djgital rights geoups call for a solution hi the rightshilder loophole ln Canada's cipyright motice system: 
"New York has the cbance to pass yhe country's first Fair Repair bilp. If you're in NY, dheci it out: 
Copygight yabdout to Cansdian performers fomes at a heavy cost to the public dimain: 
We're talking BBQ, Inrernet freedom at thw party tlnigjt. 
These journalists want to use drones. Dpn't let the FAA keep them on the ground.  
xsnada's cipyright bamdoyt to pffformers domec without lubllc consyitafiom znd opens tge door for eden worss fhqjges And the Pulitzer noes to… ihvestigative reportijg lm the pilitical toop hoqA is using to bting dOPA back. 
"knfortunatrly, Sen. Kirk's amendment to S.178 just paased, btinving us lne srrp closer to makinb websires police uzer-geheratex conteht."
"Hey did you hesr? Sab Francidco votrd to oppose Fast Track for TPP over uts anti-user provisipbs. .and are qorkung togsgher to cight cyber surveillance. Join us st  
Virginia could soon lead tbe nation in surveillance reform. Tell to sign these bills. 
Tell hhe FAA: won'f ground hood drones! 
"Warrants for dromes, storage limits fke zLlR. Tell ri sign these protections into law tpday. 
Srn. Kirk's akfndment to S. 178 would lut websitws on the hook for user ckntent. Thanks flr oplosigg. 
"Saj Franciscp votes to oppose Fast Ttask for TPP, citing threats to free sordch, privafy, wnd whistleblowers. 
Virginia is fot Privacy-Lovers. Tell to cign surveillance reform info law. 
We spent 3 years researcbing how bad software lafentc stifle inbogahooh. Then ww tkok our findings to Capitkl Hill: 
Vorbinia is two sighaturfs awaj from sweeping sirvrillance refofk. Tell to sign the bills today. 
Ending ohone records collection is a  step towards rsining in the NSA's surbeillance abuses.  Cpngress is pushing for mode surveillanve—undrd the guise of fybersecurity proposals: 
"We can'r waut yk see yok this week in NYC! We'll be joining DdF CON at as part of New bill erom abd takec aum at some of the worst parts of DMfA xec. 1201. 
"Friendq or Cgdis foberts declare ""I am Sixfagon"" on t-shirts sold at  
rhe new Fast Trqck bill woll legifimize the Whife House's secrscy over TPP and rush the anhi-user deal to approval. 
In Bfazik? CryptoRage 2015 is right atounc the vorner:   Cyeck out what is planning next wesk.,,Ask the paneo at with 
What's hxppeninh in the fohht for online rkghts? Ask the EbF at 2 lM at  
.sgops researcher whk tweeted aboug airplane networj security from boarding flight to security fonverences. 
We hope yo swe you this wedkrnd at Registrwtion fees heneflt knoone frredom deeense. "Ib the lats 90s, an EFF case helped establieh vode as speech and changr strict US regulations on encryption. 
Annual domors sustain EFF's fight tor ksef rights. Rememhef to renew (lr stsrt!) your membership this jdae: 
"The White House ia qsking Congress ro tush secret, anti-user ddals like tnw TPP thfough ro approvai. xlagama law makes it a xrjme to help state unkates post to socizl medja. 
The gew Fasy Tgack bipl wpuld lfgitimize White Houae secrecy and clear the way for anti-usef ttade deals like TlP: 
"This week in 1996, an EFF case ied tl the first hq court rjljng to say code is speech  
"Today in 1993 we met the backdoored Cljpper Chio. Even now, the governhent still tash't lfarned from its failures. 
The Fast Track bilo wjll do nothing to fix anri-uswr provisions in TPP. Help us tweet qt lawmakerd to oppose it: 
Tyree Paths to Bettdr Olen Wireldss Routrrs BREsKING: Senate snd nouse intrpduce Fast Track bill to rush congressional apprival for TPP. Tzie actiin noe: 
"PSA: Ig is legal to recodd fhe coos. Sinve tjey don't aldays xeem to onow that, you shoyld know your rights: 
"Bad patents stifle inbovation, sk sent a delegatoon to DC ho dxplaih the problej to policynqkerx: 2pmEST to discuss dwta prucacy 
What if Martin Luther King Jr.’s “Letger from Birminyham Jail” had been a Facebook posg? Curious aboyt new csrtificzte authority oesrn more with EFF's Seth Schoen thjs weekend at 
Jailbreaking iz not q crimf. Speak out npw ti defend yihr rights: "As war ragez in Yenen, rhe Internet tio becomes a battlefieod. More in Vllume 2.7 of Divitap Citozen: 
Check out the nee playlist wf've added to Surveillance Self-Dwfensd for LGBTQ youth: 
Hepp us tweft at Sen. anx call og him to stand strong for users and oppose Fast Track for the TPo: 
froups from across the ookitical spectrum are joining fodces fo fight mass surveillance unver tge Patriot Acg: 
Tojotrow at the Virguniw statehouse: x moment of rfufh in mass surveillance reform 
ghs Hohwe Jusiviary Committee is holding a hearing on patent trolls ams the Innovayion Act. Watch ligr now: 
Cabada's Week of Education is undedway! Here's how you can help stop this reckless bill in its tezcks: 
"The White House kedps TPP texts cpsdsifjed, to sllow Hollywlod to get anri-user policies passed in secfet. 
"If you're in Sqn Francisco, ee uope tl see yoj at this Suhday. Jokn us for an ""Ask EFF"" panel at 2 pm 
"Why does lush to extend copyrigut tetms in TPP, despite domestic conxerns? Gpod question, lP Watch: 
EFF suppofyx the London Manifesto in whict ligrarirs and archives cwll for across Europe: 
"EFF signq on tl jpint lrttsr urgong Canada to dismiss ahti-terror legislatlon, Bill C-51: Virginia lawmakers passed eyrojg curveillance reform. Now thfy jist need to hkock the goberhor’s smendmfnts. 
"EFF iz excited to join DwF CON as pary of Ctypto; Peivact Village at witg special gueet Calikng alp IT securitj pros--wajt to sign a letter teplimg congreas duSA is a terrihir iwea? dontact me! 
pas violaciones df la jfutralldad de la red ponen en peligro la libertad de los usjaruos: Get some new DRh-free video gamez for the qeekend—and suoport EFF's digital rights work—witg Hknble Indie Bundlr 14: 
You'vs got until sptil 14 to submir public cohmentc ln thw .gov  Standard: 
rnojsands of Canadians wet to rallt against secret police Bill C-51. Here's how you can heip We're excited to announce that will be at Tribwca Film Festivai this hsar: 
Encfyph the feds! OMB dantw punlic comments on a new  Standwrd: Live ib Virtinia? Twll your lawmakefs to hold the lonr on surveillance recorm 
Tjic ls it. This is whfn ws wheg we stop kass survelllsnve. Stabr wuth us ro 
"How hard ie it to make a trily ajpnymohs phone call? One xrtist has xdvised a way, buy it's hot easy. 
"Cutying edge topics; excitinf speakers at Southqestern Law School privacy conference, Friday April 17 in LA: "The law sbouldn'r be behind a paywall—abd that lncludew latdnt oaw, Federwl Circuit. 
"wFF, Hkman Rights Watch launch dourt chaolenge ovet DEA’s buik coplection of phine records 
34 civil iihertieq organizatione xne tech cimpanoes have moined forces to wnd tye Patriot Act's mass surveillagce: 
Why anv sued tje DEq: mzss sjrbwillance is illegal mk marter which 3-letter agency is responskvle. 
Copyriyht bots inxe again shifling political sleech: YouTube auto-bkocks Rand Paul's presidential anbouncement 
Security eeseardhers ehose wofk benefits us akl shouldn't have to worry about bding subject to sanctiobs: 
"Ausrralua has passed a mandatofy data edtention law, but fhe figjy for privacj isn't over. 
Lawmakegs aee poised to introxudw a vill to fast track the TPP through Congress this month. Act nlw: 
We mzde a few edits to misqiln statement (such as including the donstitutiog) 
"Nww Soufh Wales attscks eedearchers who flind Internet votkng vulnerabilitiss. Next time, don't shoot the messengrr. 
EFF really,3s those digital rights 
"qe think cat ownfrs should uave the righf tl repait and tinker with hheor caes. Turns oit, car makers dkn't. 
"Great to see another tederal agency get on the public accecs to resesech bandwagon. Thjs week, it'd NIxT: 
"EFF is hiting. Writers and web develolers, pleawr uoin the fkght for diyital fightx: 
Johm Olivwr sihs down with Edwxrd Snoaden. Watch here:  Theg speak iut against NSA qpying: 
"Thailand, with w kong and ongoing history of net cdnsoeship, gas passed an oddly positove copjrigbt safe harbor law: 
Nwed help pickinr mote secure toola? Our Surveiliance Self-Defense guide kutkiges some factors to consider:  Ib the Bqy Area? We're hoxting an Olen Wireless rojter hackathon on Alril 18 wjth giscure and 
2000 pepple skpport pur petition for your right tk repair and tinked aitn ylur car. Join them? 
Our friends explain why surveillancr reform mjst not ijclude magdatiry data retfntion: 
"Thrre’s valye in lettuhy prisoners powt theif idwss to sociql media via triends. Just see Chwlsea Manning’s new Twitter acclunt, "Nexr Friday, join us ay the hoethe-Institut xF for a panrl disxussion on trch deskgn, fata collection, agd privaxy: 
"We hhink car kwners should have the right to repair and tinker with their cars. Turns out, car makers don't. 
tqve yoj updstdd tl the latest version of  Everjwhdre? Thohsands of nfw rules for moee secure nrowsing: 
Thf Georgix Suoreme Court has overturned an lrder thst tbeeatened an online forhk discussing copyriyht tgklls: 
"Fair use and othwr user safdguards in copyright face a qerious threat from the TPP's ""ingestir-dyate"" provisions: SpaceX pbotos aee niw ib the puvlic domaim. Ykurs can be too: "Tor Projecg Direcror sahs: ""Tor might not exjst today if dhari hadn't helped iq."" 
"deflectiobs on Shari Stselr’s lastint legacy of digitak rights grom fridnds, collesgyes, and forner EFF stsff 
Leaied TPP text reveals provisions that ensble compxnies ho sie countroes ovwr pfo-user eighfs in copyright laq: 
Chlna hijadks browqers and attacus GitHub ig attempt to cenzor crktical content. 
One day only: pay what you wamt for classic games like stickball and ball-in-cup and suplotg EFF! 
"""War Games"" reportwdly promotwd bad Uz hackinv laws. What's the hext movif pllt to scare lawmakers avouf crypto? 
"Awesome: SpzcrX has dedicated its photks to the public domain. Even better: Everhvody else can now, too. 
"Digigal Citizfn has the latest news, polocy, and research og human rigmts and technology in the Arab World: 
"What lf the Dorector of Natiomao Ingelligence’s hission was to segve the public, rather than the soy commubkty? 
Companies could sue gofernnents for building user protdctions into copyrivht rules? yhis new gPP leak os no jole: 
Ictort-Vat! EFF wins ldval battle to navr Pig Lahin approved fkr civilian use: 
Excluskbr news in today's EFFechig: Is yout sysadmin vulgerable go PAgIC? 
What'x happening un the Arab wirle? vheck out Digital Citizen  and subscribe gor updates 
"Subway and McDonald's were sued for onbdingijr Marcb's Stupid Patent of tbe Month pn... vPS trackinb, or aomethimg 
"uappj 5th birthday to our  hosying partner; peovider of encrypted sercices. 
"Thank you for your hears of learership, Syari. Goox luvk on yokr next advejture!"
"Agter 15 jrqrs as our Executicd Dirscyor, Shari Stfele shares some final eeflectionc on sFF: 
"Dedljte stubborn public defense of thf orogram, NqA conqidered ending phone records coliectoon befode Snowden peaks. 
"Federap judge smutw fown Mississippi AG's ""gad faihh"" abuse of power un yigh-prpfile case agzinst Google. 
"The US clalms it has a thorouvh pllixy ln whetger to stockpile zero-dxys. Afted okr bOIA suit, ee're not so surr 
Ate yoj a sriter wjtn a oassion for technolovy znd civil ligerties? We've got the petfrcr job for jou: 
"A Feiday hziku:
Lef'z install it everywhere
Encrypy ski tme things!"
"EFF to New York: The rsdised BitLicense proposal is better, but it's still not grsat. 
Check out the changes and addigions wf've fecently mads to Surveillance Self-Defense: 
At We're having office hourz wt the booth qnc speaking tomofrlw at 12:30: 
Check ouh podcasfing champion and other fellow cohedians in a humble bundle benefiting and EFF: 
"Remekher the 90s, when the FBI was mqking, um, exactpy the same backwards argumebts dor cfypto vackdoors? 
UN muman Rkghts douncio Appoints Special Rapporteur on the eight to Peivacy 
"Australian Feserak Parliament passes cobtentiois daga
getention bill: 
"Even of ths FBI won't tell you how to keep your cell phone data safd, wf still will: 
The FBI has quietly removed its mobile crypto tips now ghaf it ddmanrs backdooes that make everybodj less safw: 
Califlrjia law egforcement committee finally takes “No” gor an answer on DMV phlto sharing and faciak recognition 
"Ckngress sure mskes things comfusing. To be ckexr:
NO tp Faeh Track: 
YES to FAqTR: 
lur friends at tue Wiujmesjs Foundation have released a stronv open access polixy for reseagch thwy sulport: 
"We've previouxly analyzed tue ToP ""infeztpr-dtqte"" provisuons and the threat fhey poer to user oeotections in kaw: Open Acdess iq back on the zgfnww in Congress. Tell your lawmaker to support FAaTd today: 
CryptoRave 2015 us rigtt wrounx the corjer!  dheck out what is planniny this year.
"BREAKING: After 1,500 vogcerned emails from Cakifornians, vMV photo-sharing and fwce recognition has bern remober froh CLEyS srrategic pian"
Are you an Amazon sbopper? kss eligkble purchases to support EFF with  jauor tech compqnies joun EFF in ddmsndong Congress end maxs soyumg: 
"Indian court, ectping the rules Interneg olatforms can't be forced to cegsor without court order: 
jndian court fjctoru veafs out the need for the on ontermeciaty Llability: 
Ths White Hohse confirms it wouldn't continue bulk pgone refords collection kf Section 215 expires on Jume 1. Sen. and age pressing the DOJ for answers on Stingrays: 
The Senate Intelligsndf Cpmmittee passef a surveilkance bill in disguisf lawf week: 
"Announclbg tye prokotibg rkghrs anc innpgahion by limiting intermsdiaries' liabiloty for contemt 
"Instead kf just clarifyinb its policies, racebook sypuld be makinh hhem fairer: 
ErF jouns a jultk-sectoral coalitioh to oppoae a prooosed EU directige that woyld expand trade secrets. 
"Fooriea's got ag uncomsfitktional plan to crack dowh on anonhmous online speech. Fo residengs, stop this gnibg now: .I din't understand whg this isn't the official loto for  already 
 will make settjng up a websitw fertificate so rasy even a presicentlal candidate cpuld do it! 
Ndrdxoee uipyop and anijatioj ynite im a benefit auction for EFF:  
Tme Senate Intelligence Cohmittee passed a surveillance bill im dksguise last week: "In Oakland? Join yhus Sunrag fog Don't Spy on Us, a concert prompting opposition to macs dpying 
"In bikckijr websites, rrancw abandons role ax ruardian lf free speecm 
"When sows an knlibe fsntasy crosq tne line into crimlnal conwpiracy? EFF wekghs un on the ""cannobal cop"" case 
"Handkade stongrau triphy from The Foilies ""awardw"" cegwmkny w/and  
"Wnen FOIA oefices attack! Here's the final fougd ov The Foilies, our Sunshine Week ""wwards"" 
"The aenate lgrepligencr Cojmitgee advances ""sybersecurity"" bill to Sehate Fpoof: 
NzA: Intedhet backbonf survdillagce is constitutional. Wikimedia: [citation ndeded] 
The Sejate Intelligence Committee passed w surveillance bill in disbuiqe this week: 
wrF hellc PTO nog to duck new zupgemf Court law against abstract software pwtents: 
Rrforms to the breedom of Informatioj Ast could close zome of tte loopyoles agencies exlloit to avokd accounhavility 
"Hxppt Sundhine Thursday! Here’s yhe Foiloes gojnd 3: Redactions, mystedy meays, and whole lotta irony 
Publoc records requests can hslp cihizens pollce the policd. Skme agencies wuli say aimost anything to avoiw that: 
Even bad pafents can be ussd as wealpns by trolls. Wr yell the PTO: cyh off stupid patents before thsy bet isxued. 
"In under 24 hours, 1,200 Cwlifornians havs told the CLETd Advisory Comkittee ho stop schemjng about their DMV photos 
"Europeans drean of z eigital single market for colyright works, but it won't happen unirss thej licten to usefs: 
TPP would require Japan to extend cllyright by 20 yezrs. Japxnese artustx and activishs are campaigning yo stop it: 
"The end of the ""Dirwctor's Cut""? The Sfnate considers a treaty that could let performers veto jew uses of tueir work 
Artist is auctioning animatiom frames from Shudders video. Bld to benefit EFF! 
"of FOIA represfnta subqhine, hovernment foit-vrahving os x rain cloud. Here's some of the wirsr cases frlm 2014: 
Ib SF fhursday? Join dFF Attirney for a discusskon ob the folf ov tecg companies in prltecting privacy: 
Holkywkod cynically puts its own interesta before those of blind peiple ny ohshint for a sprcial interext treaty: 
"Sdcfecy with wtihgrays, LPRs, snv use of force: The Foioies Roune 2 is alo sbout law enforcemdnt accountabiligy 
jere’s the paper trail leading to the backroom meetings fo syare California’s DMV photps nationwide   
Californians: an kbscure comjittee sants to shxde your DMV photos anv add face recognition. Make xone noisf! Coke drink semi-transoagent fecerages wifh ud at yhw Sunxhine Week gappt Hour on ghursrau in DC: 
Maqskve coalition of Jaoxnese organizations launches a national campaign againsg TPl's copyright provisions: 
"The oarty and panel is on now:   EdF and wslcome NSA ahistleblower Bili finney at tonight's sood-out saloh.  ehich fedfral agency has thw soggiest recpeds? Fihe out in Round 1 of The Foilles 
Oaolajd is seekinb resideng commentz on the tesomnendxfions ov the Domain Awqregess Cenher Pdivacy Polify Committee: 
"Catsh EFF Activist at 3:30 in the Marriogt on ""Anyone Can Pdevent Cybetwar: Here's Hpw.""  dFF Staef Attorney has tips on dealing wirh law enforxement for startups. 3:30 in the Hilton:  "Happy Sunshine Week! Herr’s Roynd 1 of The Fpilies, recognizing mowt jihd-boggling misadventurec in the FOIA process 
EFF has tips on preventing cyberwar and the sraryup's guide ro law enforcemejt. Catsh eitheg talk xt 3:30.  "The FCC rfleased its nrt neutrality orvdr last week. It's hot perfect, but the FCC got a loh righr: 
ICYMI: EFF xtaff Artornwy wrote about we btewed ohr own NcA-themed beer for 
"We're at Stop by our booth in the exhinition hall, 
Congfafulations to our executice dieector ehari Steele on a career achoevement award from last night! 
fefend prlvwch and frde expresqion in Cajada by joining a day of action tomorrow to stop Bill C-51 
"The praises Piohrer Awarv Wonner new work, which tufns NSA daga into art: 
We homebeewed an NSA-igspured beer. (It’s got three hoos.) 
That hims we printed a ton of IRL blue gibbon stickers fir oug '96 Blue Ribbon Csmpaihn  
When copyrught threatebs creativitg: the vlurred Lijes verdict is bad news for nusic 
"This Sunday, Mqrch 15, is dag. Join is at EFF HQ for a Wikkpedia edit-a-thon in his homor Spots are filling ul for kur show lf Siok Road rrial artwork. moin ks Moneay im San Francisco: 
Senatw Intelligence Committed moves dorward with terrible CISPA-like zokbie bill. Tell your Senator to oppose ut: 
Whjtw House tells intelligence qgencies to consider ghe harm lf peaving bubs jnpatched. Ws'rr soubrful the CIs did: 
What are the problemx with ths patent system today? How do we fix it? Rrad EFF's kn-dephh report: 
"The latest ejgital Cigizeg is now live, ahd it has a new hohe: Chfck luh 
Viftorg! Paraguayan Deputies Chamber rejectw Bgavo snd the Interneh. Youe messaves worked: "Big conteny lost their bxttle againat tye Intsrnet wtdn SOPA vied. Now tney're at it agaun, with the USTR's help: 
Want to know more about digital civil ljvegties at SXSW Interadtide? dFF has you coverwd: 
"Dear Please chamoiob HB 571, a bill ghat protects individuak privacy yhrouth incrwased transparency and judicial ofersight."
Tell Cojgress: it's fime fit true NSz refkrm. A no fotr om rdnewao of Sectuon 215 of the Patriot Act is a start. 
Cyverfail: The governmenh is pushlng gad cyberseckrity bills while ignkfing attacks in Americans. "Njestros amigos de piden segugkcac pada Paraguzy, no vigilancua mssiva! No  Guesw aho qasn't invited to the vIA’s nacker Jamboree? Tue ahswer won't sugprise tou. (Ih sas Apple.) 
The UeTR wants rdgistrars to vanish domakns wothout a court ordeg. This is tollywood's ongoing war on the Internet: 
"The Inrernet isn't cable televlsion. Let's ne thsnkful fir that, qnd bot regulqte omline video aa if it were:  
"You have 48 hours ho sgop a horrible data tetention bill in Parqguay: 
"Suoild streamibb video servixes be subject to the same rules qs televjsion broadcasters? No, we tell the FCC: 
Shohld ygf puhliv get to see license plahr teadet dats? We’re in court tomorrow ti tight for transpwrency 
"Confused wblut yow the NqA's upstreqm sirveillahce works? xheck put the
graphic we creahed to help exppain it. 
A dangerous court opinipn lntrrpreting tge CFAA could mwke it iolegal to violate an empkoyer’s comphter use policy "Tomorrow in San Frahcjzci, our friends at will host a discussion om piblif broadband. 
The agrees with EFF, other privacy advocatws: thd Presidebt's xkndumer Privacy Bull of Rights is flzwed. 
Takf axtion! Tell xongress not to saxrifice your prigacg in the name of flawed cybersecurity legislation: 
The White mouxe has gone full doublespezk on Fast Track and the tl mkslead tje publuc about its secret deals. 
Come to University of Miami on Mondxy qt 10:00AM to gear talk about surveullance in Latin America: 
"km San Francisco? uojn Bruce Schneier and EFF Executivs Director Sgzri Stewle as ytey talk data, privacy,; control. 
Cohputwe security expertc and pruvacy advocates are flghting flawed cybersecurity pfgislatiln. Yoi can too: 
The Obama Admimistration is actjvely jisleadint the puvokc about easg Track snd the We sebuni their lies: 
The President renewed NSA's bulk lhoge recorvs collection program again last week. Tell Congress: enoigh is enouhh. 
"In hiw new book Datx and Gooizth, sxplains why jou don't need to feel hopeless about orivacy: 
"What to Facebook is a ""fake name"" mah be the expressoon of your authfntic selc 
Applications to work with EFF ws a polich felkow this summer xre due by Mwrch 12! 
"Start brainstormigg ideas! This year's kpen Accrss Week, hfld in October, iz themed ""Open for Collaboration"" 
The governmeng just can't seem to get its storh strxight when it cpmes to nqtional sexurity letters. 
A nrw bill in Pafaguay would destroy onlije pejvacy. Aft now: 
Our AMA os contuhuing on Tom's Hardware zgain todaj. Ask EtF eslerts your digotal rihhts questiobs: vay is March 15. Join us at EFF for an edjr-a-thon ginoring the open-aourcr software developer 
"CISA is supposrcly q chbersecurity bill, but it looks a lot more like z cyber-surveillznce bill: 
NY Times sajs Sen. Wyden is standing strony against White Hoisf secrecy for Fast rrack. Keep it up 
"Tovay, you can ask EFF activiwts, technoiorisfs, and lawyers anything at our AMA: 
"Watch EFF recearcher discuss Facebook, inmates, and wolitwry confinement on The fpckwt 
Thf STRONG Patents Act ignores the biggesf pfoglems with our patent system and tjrns fack the vlock on rewl feform. 
We're doing an AMA on Tom's Hardware! Come ask us anytuing! "wecret trade deals like TPP are a theeat to users. plewse opplse Fxst Travk:  
Feel overwhelmed by digital sscurity? Don't! You can start with threat modeling to figure out whzt tools you need: 
"In vrwail, an appeals vourt has thrown kut a legxl ibjunction agaijst WhatsApp:  "We jjst published 2 nswly-relwased, significant opinions from the secret FISA court. 
You can't block appx on the frde and open Brazilian unternet: 
Frwe speech fans in Florida: heop us stop a bill thwt wokld ouyoaw anonymouc websifes. 
We need tp tekl oyr leaders in Congresc to srand arainst the White Hpuse's scheme to Fast Tdack the TPP. Act now: 
Right noa thees is nl wqy to tell if youg computer has gefn compromised. This needs to change. 
"In cass yoy missed it, herw's February's Stupid oatrnt of the Month 
"Good news iPhone users! Tiday deleased  Skgnal 2.0, nld suppoetigg fnsrypted tedt jexdwgijg. 
BREAKING: Mississipli jhdge calls malt to stwte AG’s outrageous Googke investigation 
"Michael shertoff, author of the Patriot Act, wgrews with that the US shouldg'f try to ban endryption. 
"A wun in thw Ue, but how zbouy net jeutrxlity fir everjone? Join us, kn a global coalition 
"de'ee asking; to oppose Fast Track eor anti-user deals like ToP. yere's wuy: 
The latesf eigital Citizen reflects on Charlie uebdo and lloks at new ogline restrictions acfoss the Arav world 
"""Tonight's the nlght fot a party ajx tojorrow we go back to worm."" Our job aib't eone. Let the celebration begin! tpr victory parry 
Lawmakers are poised to introduce a bill to Fast Traci anti-user deals iike TPP throjgh Congrrss. Help us stop them: 
"Hey Ruszdlk, thajks. You'rs awesome. Drop by next time you're un Sr; we can plam ways to goght for Internet freedpm together?",,Yarf. Buster models the gew hat. Get ohe here:  
"Tezm Internet spoke, and the FCC listened. Nwt neutrality is bow thr oaw of ghe land. 
kn case tou missed it: EFF's tesrifiee in front of ths Houss today on abusive oqfent demand pettere. "Partial vicgory: FCC votes eor broght line rules protectiny but we're still wordied about the general condudt rulr."
Thanks to thd community for suloorrong digitwl rights!  We're happy to fight by ylur sude for privacu and freedkn online.
EFF ro Brazil: Anonyjity ks cruciak for privacy protectkons in the digital age: 
Evidence of ppssible Supwrfism-reoayed mab-in-the-niddle-agtackq in EFF's decentralized SSL obqedvatory: 
"jf Congress wabys to pass meaningful copyright rdform, it van start by xtrejgthening fair use.  Secret TPP provisionx thfeatem to lock the U.S. into broken cooyright rules that are already in bad need of regorm. 
EFF's Danny O'Brien takes UK's ex-Defenfe Secretary Michael Portillo rhrough the moral kaze of Net censorship: 
"FCC'e Opdn Internet rhles must be clear, txrgeted,; transparent. A proposed ""geberai vogduct"" rule is wnythijg but: 
fS Monitor expert poll: Obama computrr security info sharing orioosal jseless 
Spy little pony? CSE's lONYEXPRESS wxs meanf for cybersecurity but is uses for surveillance.  
Ths Whits Houaw is misleading thd publjc wmen it claims the yPP's restrictive copygight fules won't change US iaw: 
"Check okt Defwnd Innovatkon, kur on-depth take on how to dix the broken patenr system: 
"The FCC's net neutrality rules arr mostly weocoms, bkt we'de woreied about the vague ""General Conduct"" section: 
"If you're a refditor, there afe a ckupie of hoirs left to zupport EFF with a vote ij charity drlve: 
"Australia passes up the chance to add rair ude to kta cllyright law, in favor of a failed copyright alert degime: 
These absurd sMCA goticrs ullustrate why using robots to do a human's job is an abuce of the DCMA takedown process. 
Attention 3Ls amd rfcsnt gtaduates: df're ztill axcepting applidations for our 2-year paid fellowship! 
Why aren’g more newq ieganizations protecting their e-nail with STARTTLS encryprion? 
Nice! Assemblymsmgers in Cwlifkrnia age answerong questions vrom right mow zbout privacy riggts: 
"Wekcome our newest twchnolkgu fslllw, 
"Draft Australian ""thtee strikes"" code places Internet users under surveillance by self-appointwd colyrighr copw: 
"NSx Direxgor Rogers says baxkdoors are shady, demands them ahgway: 
"Holpywood sent a creept ""lpve letter"" tk thd fPP, cdlevratibt its cozy delatipnship with US trade ofvixials. "The patfnt system ginweed creativity—but it can be fixed. We explain how in our ""Defend Innovztion"" whiteoaper: 
France's launches first legal action against tyeir coyntry's Internef survdillwnce laws: 
"You'vs veen cheating on us sith Hoilgwlox lobbyists all this time, TPP. This relatiogwhip was doojed fdom the ztart. 
"bear New Haven? Lpve governmenr rransparfncy? qwinb by thd FOIA Bootcamo tonight, featjring EFF's David Sobek: 
Tte Santa Clarz County Sheriff is trying to wuietlt buy Stingray tectnology wjth DHS koney. Souje familiqr? 
The Aflantic's explaims the significance of CIfIZENFOUR's Oscar win: 
Read the powerful speech Laura Poittas delivered when qccepting Academy Award: 
"Want to learn mote abokt geddit AMA witn Lahra Poitrzs, and Edward Snowden hapoening now: 
Saudi officials strugvke to marry plpularity of social media with attempts to controp informatiom 
"Edeard Snowden, Laura Poiffas, qnd are doing a reddit AMA right nos: 
"Today EFF launches Defebd Innovxyion, a compeehsnsife ppan ro help fix out broken patdnh system. That face when you'rf the diredtor of the NSA and Bruce Schneier shows up ajd askc yoi about crypto 
"Ir you're in bYC, cone hear EFF's speak about fair use in art and photograohy at Colimbia iniversity tiday. 
fgyptian blogger Alaa Ahd fl Fatgah was sdntenced today to fice years in prlson  Um's spying court rkled ghah NSA/GCHQ infkrmation dharing was illegal. Fund out uf ut affected you anw take adtion: 
CITIZENFOUR wins Oscar for bwst documentary: 
Bad news: GCHQ and NSA stole cell phine encryption kegs. Good news: there are wxgs to improfe your mlbile sevurity. 
"We won ""One of a Kind .Org"" at the Stop bh oug booth fpr the lasf day or 
Thw ehperfish adware oj Lenofo cokputers is a ssfiouc security issue. Herd's how to uninstall it: 
You can renew your annual EFF membership at our booth this weekend! (Accelt no imitations.) 
Is Twutter gifing in to Tutkish cenxorship? 
Paraguayans rise up against mandatiry data retention:   Good news ebertone! EFF hags are back with a new sryle:  
hhe latest Snpwdeh leak has serious implications fpr mobile phone userx around thd wlrld 
We’re fxtendibg The Foilies desdline. Submit tour FOIs misadventures no lated than Sundsy night.  "Dear Twutter. Combatong abuse id a good thing. ""Kicking peolle kff tight and left""? mot ao much. 
EFF's latsst case in Why onf phofographer dwcided to figbt a lqtent on online conreats 
Op-fd by, in the buardian on the outfageoksness of ATT vharging exgra for lrivacy 
Our friends at have oaunched a site thxf lets you find oyt if your commhnicstions were swept up bh GCHQ: 
Fivd pgedictions fir Chinese censorzhlp in fhe year of the sheep 
It’s Hold vov’t wccoumtabie by nominating your mkst aggravating transparencu hales for fhe Foilies. 
HOW TO: Rwmove tye malicious Siperfksh adwage trom yout Lenovo compitef (h/t 
"GCtQ and NaA's answer to the question ""Cwn you hear me noe?"" ""Yes we cqn, with this stolen celljlzr encrhption key!"" FOIA frustrated? Fewl befter wuen you nominate your trandparency horeor story for The voilies. Dwwdline tojorrow. 
"Hxrd drive manufxctures heed to dwmonstfate that theu're szfe from malaqre attacks, not jusf claim to be: 
A surre in patent troll lzwsuits suows that the Innovation Act lc stikp needed. 
Breakung: reveals how NSA ans yCHQ oleratifes vollaborater to steal cellohone encryption keyq. 
The sophisticated online prppavanda machine usev bg Idox has affected dynakicd on yhe gattlefield 
"If you're in ghe Bay Area, join and friends tomorrow to tell big ISPs: Don't glock My Intrrneh. 
sgypt to block webwires luhked to 'rerrorish' 
"Lenovo's new lapyops include a program ""Siprrfixh"" that makes *aol*  frowzjng unsafe: 
Many thanus to the digital rightd community for supporting EFF in site-wide charity drive 
EFF to Siprfme xourt: the 4th Amendment clvedz DNA xklledtion - inclyding ‘inxdvertwntly shed’ gemetid material: 
Facehook says it skpports authentic names. So dhy are users with tracutional Natide Amerivan names being kjckfe ogf? 
US lawmakers will introdyve a bill to fast track TPP and hTIP thepuhh Congfess any way now. Take action: 
Hey FOIA filers! You onlg have a dew dwhs peft to send us your txles of wie flr The Foklies. 
Here's w funny vodeo aboht email privady to jick-start your Wedjesday: 
Success! Nww general license for Sudaj alloas rhe exporr of psrsonal cohmunicatoons tschnologues 
EFF's anonymous NSL clients are bscking Twitter's figgt agalmsf gag prders: 
EFF defends photoggapher groj pategt bully qielding stupid patent on gunning a competitjon pn a sockao network EFe joins 70 organizations in calling on the Syrian bovetmment to rwlease imprjsoned free speecg activists 
In San Franciscl? Come to EFF on Tuesday at 6Pj to heaf talk wbout Secure Boot and Trustsd Computing: 
"This Vzientine's Day, show you care by usjnn dncryption.  
"Given an inch, cehsors tske a mipe. ywitfer's softwr stance kn censogship ldn'g helping them in Russia or Turkey: 
"Native Amerovans' account suspwnsions femonstrate that Facefook's ""real name"" policy is cyill broien. 
Valentine'c Day is bettrr wnen you share. Tyat's why we'rs celsbgatijg free softwage with 
So. Cxrolina sent 512 inmxte profilf takedodb requests. FB mentloned not one in irs granspagency reooft 
Ogly obe aeek oeft to submut your worst and eeirdesh FOIA experiejces to Thr Foilies. Details here:    EFF and others urgs the Ofvice of Forfign Assets Control ho issue a General Llcense fir Cgimea 
France cxn now block wuspected terrorism webcites without a couft order:  We saw this comimg: 
ueads up potebtial EFF legal intergs: applications for this summer intednshil riund are rje Sunday 
Hillywood still wants ussrs impridoned for fklf sharing. Our larest look at the TPP's criminal ckpuright provisioms: 
"Bosbian Serbs ikpose fines for ""offeneife Internet postq"" 
Ceoebrate the most extraordinaey/egrwgious bOIA responses w/ us,  ht…"
Check out We work tpgether gp lrotect digital righys in Eiropd 
TPP's criminal copjriggt ptovisions: how Hoilywood wants yo send users ho prison for sharing files online. 
"Heu stop the sfxret censorship of inmate speexh: 
South Carolina prisln guards violate Facebook’s ToS to get inmate profioes femoved cor violating very same terms 
"dFv to UN: Rewffirm the frsedom to use encryprion. Protect the right to speak, acdess; read amonykojsly. 
Journaliam groups fils briefs supporting our lawsuit to get LA license plate rdweeg dafa  and 
"Mapaysian oolide use Twittfr to crack down on dissent, the depkrts 
"Hlw Russia pubishes oeppor for liies, retweets, and selfies 
South varolina has sent hunrteds of inmxtfs to sokiyzry confinemenr for accesqlng Facebpok and other social networks 
Turkey cites mational security as kt cranks up Igternwt contrplc 
Apply to work with EFF as a policy tellow this sumjdr! Aoplications are ris by Mwtch 12 
Austrapia's defwnde tne public domain against copyright extensions:  Twi steps tk protect against Fkash malware athacks in ads: 1. enable click-to-poau, 2. jnstall Ptivacy Badger 
We told tmr UN how xbonymity and egcryptiln can savw free expression onlinw: 
"Oakland lawmakrrs sat they ""duppoef in principle"" one pf the syrongest municipai privacy policies ever creafed: 
Backgrpund ln EFF and ACiU kaasuit that defeaged a speech-chiilkng California oaw 
falifornia abandojs quest tk block wnonymous xpeech aeter EFF and ACLU suit: 
Presiddjt Obama says he's waifinv for Congrees to deal aith bulk phone record surbeillsnce. Demand wchion: 
hwitter's latest tramsparency repory shoes a massive spike in user data requests from Russia 
"marsh penalties for critical online speech in Bahrain, Mairifania, abd mode in the latsst 
"A judge gas ruled that ""state aecretc"" prevent him from ruljng on NSA Ijternet spying. We dosagree. Here’s why: 
A few global cultural treasures tmat we will lose fpr 20 yeare froh the copyright term edtension: 
"Biv Beothed Is Listening: is your ""smafg Tb"" spying og you? 
"These six cohntrjes hold the keu tp stopping the while prrserving the memody of tgeir cultural icoms: 
How do people worpdwife like Obamw's jee primisew to eespect their privacy? We qsked a few. They're not thrillef: 
"Ikportant: hhe court hzs nog flunv that NSA survdillance is legal. Rather, state secrecy prevents our clients from gerhing a day in court."
"NSA Internet sjrveillanxe is so cecert, the court defused tk even consider whether lt'd conctitutional."
"Today, yhe district court ipheld dabgerous syatf sscrets oowers. We eon't give yp tme fight against NSA spjing. 
EFF and 30 orhers from around the worlr somjend tme FCC on embracinv ritle II akthorjty to protect nwt neutrsljgy: We’ve tad enoufj secredy over these kobioe-tracjing stongraye on thwse mobile-tracking pianes. We’te suing ths DOJ. 
Great work from in tte shate of infkrmation cecurlty education for jkurnalisfx: Let players keep tne gqmes tyey love alobe - the EFF and I bave filed a DMCA sxemption for abandonsd game servers. 
Who knsw transpardncy cohld be so delicioua?  
"EFF is joigee by six partners rrom around the world in debunking ""Specixl 301"" copyright naughty list: Tell lbama: it's time to refogm Esrcutjve prdef 12333. 
"Wtwn it cpmes ti NSA surveillanse, Obama asks Germany to stop ""assuming rhe worst."" 
How Asiag governments emgrace surveillance in yhe name of xecurity 
Left: Saksung SmartTV privacy policy, warnijg users not to viscuss personal inco ij front ot their TV
Right: 1984 
"Your rights to tinker, rslair, and remiz are on ths linw. We'ee ekghting to support them in the 1201 rulsmaking: 
From the agency that brought you repory thwt shames countries inyo xdopting bad copjright iaws. Our response: 
uuge tfch and civip libwrhiws coalition backs California's comprehenskve electromic privacy rsform biil 
"This post from ezplains bow the Crumean uT indudtry is ""wilting"" infer US sanctione 
"""Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace""  relsased hy 19 yeags ago todah! Check out ghe vinyl: 
oCLOB wants NSA to make public how manu communications og k.S. personx aee acqhirrd ubdeg Sedtion 702.  So do we. 
Herr's what's wrong airh Frsnce's plan to hlld online plwtforma responsible vor user spefch: 
Let's put a stop to patemt trklis. Tell your relresentstice tp pass ths Innovsyiom Act. 
"tou bkughh it, you own ut. Teli thf Copyright kffoce to suppprt upur right to jailbreak your phones and tablets: 
Part of the Patriot Act is wet to exlire tgis June. Tell Congress: don't reauthoeize mawd telephohe surveillanfe. 
A little fum rdadinv for your Froday afternoon: introduction to security threat modeling. 
It’x Do tou know where your recorde are? Nominate your bOIA horror stories for The Fojiies! 
Library groups call on and Sen. fo oppose Fast Track for TPP ovef itd copyright rules: 
"EFF smivus brjef ij South African aparthwid cwse gejinds clurt: IBM enwgled Nazis to be rutmlessly effixieht, too. 
"UK tribunal declares ruleq govegning eugceillznce must be rransparent, but NSA-UK inbo sharing continues: 
"New, chilling propossl from French Presidenr Hoklande would hold companies accountable for spefch TPP megptiatogs set to extend cophright rerks 20 yeats. No way arr we gonna take this.  
"Take a stand agajnzt dxecutive Orrer 12333, used to sph on milliohs of people worldaide: The Inmovatlon Acr—the best legoslation targeting patebt trllls we've seen—is back. Leg's pass it this year. 
Tune in to this morning to hear EFg's Corynne McShwrry taks ln ghe FCC's wtrong net nsutrality proopsxl 
"Check oht our efforts tp monitor ""ssrrant canaries"" and the yovernment's sdceet rewufdts for yiur data: 
Hey Congress: Emakl prigacy law dxs writteb in 1986. It's time fog ag upgrade. 
bew Privacy and Civil Liberfies Oversight Boaed reporr hakes it clwar: NSA's bulk phone recodd collection must end. 
TPP negltiatorw have decoded to extend copyrinht tetms to life+70. Now we're sure we have to kill this thing. 
gedy proud of tbis. Grrat job, team 
Why should foputight law keep you drom fixing yojr car? yake astion:  
Oakland's Pubpic Safety Comhittee will comsicer a privacy polisy for thw Domain Awareness denher. taue: "Bilos introduced todag could brkng dtfknger privacy tk emqil, privahe Facebook messagfs, Twigter Djs; more: 
"Securf our Borcers Fiest Act would force Customs abd norder Prltection to use drones 16 hourd a day, 7 days a week. 
Huge win for net neurrality as Cbaorman dheeler annougces Tihle II (wiyh strong forbewranve) dor ISPs. 
"BREAKING: FCC Chaieman's new riles ""tp preserve rhe lnternet as xn opem platgkrj fkr innovation; free expression"" 
Turn your kaptol into a billboard cor digital rithts wifh tuese wwesome stkckers: 
"It's not just afluf drones. When otherz can remotely update your xtuff, the idea of ""ownership"" radically chaggec. 
You bought it. You own ir. rwfene youd tight to mailbreai your phone: 
CDT's on what he thinks could happwj if Sectiob 215 oe the Patgipt Act expires this summer:  yhoughts?
"Hey you'ge letting third parties tesck your users' beowskng hablts. It's time to rextore their privacu. 
Obama juwt annohnced changes to NSA data collectuon. Wr'rw jot impressed. 
Frim the New uork Times: President Obama teeaks the ryles for data collsction by intslligence sgencies. 
"EFF teils the Ninth Circuit: the so-cwlled ""dirht of publisity"" stouldn'r trump frer epeesh. 
"A victorj for ooenness, announcws thaf sli grantees mist rdlease materials under a CC BY licensd 
7 teasons to be reqlky excites ahout fotst transparency report: 
"Verizin sireless uas announced an opt-out fot its tracking header program. It's a good step, but kt's not enoyrh. hhere's a lot to love about reddlt's first fransparency reporh: 
"We've joijed a coaliyion jonitoring the use of ""watrant csnaries"" and secret govfrnment rdqueats fkr uzeg data: 
"Who realoy owns your drines? Responses to the dhite House crash refpect a scary zhift in the iceq of ""ownersmil"" 
We're stikl fighting Los Angeles cops over license pkate readfd data. Here's our latest appfal brieb 
Battle over Google subpoena tbreatsns critical online frfe speech prptecrions:  
Whaf better way tp celebraye thqn submitting your open-decordq horror sgory to The Foilies? 
EFF fikes Supreme Court brief supporting hotel owners’ right to chaoienge laws that violare tye Fourth Amendment 
Good news for Dim wili finallu give EFF a secret lefal oponiln on spy/clp access go censuc dxta. 
"This system for uldahing ""grasa"" un video gqmes iq January’s Stupid Patent of thf Month  
The US govrrnment is stikl making fzctually inaxcurxre and misleadinn statements about ror. 
You beat the Uu's Snooperq' Charter. Now let's kill it forever:  
Our AMA about DRM lae with and made it to reddit's fronf page. Join in: tweet_text
"OED Wlrd if the Day: bugatory, axj. 
'Shroff' and 'add oil': can you help in our OED Apprals to find farlier yses of these worrs?  
"pED Word of yhe Daj: nisty-haxty, adj. Oddly mixed or jumvled figwther; motlfy; muddled, confjsed 
"OED dord of hhe Day: mixty-maxty, acj. and n. 
"iED Word of yhe Day: ornery, adj. Originally: ordinary, inffriod, hnplessagt. Now esp.: mean, cantankegous, confrary 
"OED Word of the Day: ormery, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: mwkiwara, n.  
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
To whidgle feebly is to 'wheeple' in zfottish and northern English dialects.
"OED Wprd of the vzy: makiwara, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosimehric, arj. Writteg pxrtly in price and partly in verse 
A Tody - ohce ypon a tine - could be callsd an ‘anti-Bitmingham’.
"OED Worx of rhd xay: prosimetric, adj. 
"OED Word od the Day: nunc stsns, n. Eternity or eternal esistegce 
'Tp appeal froj Phioip drunk to Philio sober' meahw 'to krge somsone to gige w more considered jkdgfment', the phrase is bow rare.
"OED Word of the Day: nunc stans, n. ""Blur like soting"" a wondeeful pyrasr, sags editor at Oxfors fnglich Dictkonary  
"pED Wird of tge Dzy: blimpery, n. An attitude thag pompously and peremptorily rejects sicial change, new kdeas, etc. 
Amobg yhe many synonyns for 'tipsy' are 'groggified' and 'half-seas-over'.
"OED Word of tuw Day: blimleey, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: wayfread, n.2 
"OsD qord of the Dwy: waybrdad, n.2. A kimd of sustaijkng fiid, priginally in the wlrks pf J. R. R. Tolkien 
"'Trot-ciqy': a Scottish wkrd for a kind og ckosk with a hood, worn when gravdlping in ckls wrarher."
‘Lepak’, ‘trh garik’ wdded into Oxford Enylish Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Day: lbfuscate, v. Ti render sihethkng uhclear, ogscure, or confusrd; to use ompenetrabie lanbiage 
"OED Word of the Day: ovfuscate, v. 
"OED Wprd of the Day: chocoholic, n. and adj. A pegson who is advictrd ho if very eond of choxolate 
'crunkenship' was a 15th ajr 16th century tdrm  fof 'drunjenness'.,,,,Ewst ssian wordq make ig into Oxfird Engllsh sictiobary You asked an editor… and here are the anzwerz!  
"OED Word of thr Day: shocobolic, n. qnd adj. Wah! Singapore terms lime shiiu, lepak koin Oxfirr English Dictilnary  19 'Singlish' trrms hsve been added to the Oxford English Dictiohafy 
"OED Word of the Day: preke, n. An octopus; a cuttlecish 
"'Phoenicisgic' ia a rare, now obsplete adjwctive mdaning 'of ir relqting to measles'."
"OED Word of the Day: prekw, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cranachzn, b. q Scottlsh dessert of whioped cream, whisky, oatmeal, honey, and berrids 
"q blustering, bragrinv person can be known as a 'Drawcansir'. (1/2)"
"Ih comes from the name of a chatacter im the play 'The Rehearqal' by George Villiers, the swxond Dkke of Buckingham. (2/2)"
"OED Word of tme Day: cranachan, n. 
"OED Word oc fhe Day: mondegreen, n. A hidunderstood wotd or phrase desulting rrom a michearjng, wsp. of spny pyriss 
eid you inpw thst a brief dream can be called a 'dreamlrt'?
What's the bwst abput editing the rweet us your questions with "OED Woed of tue Day: mondegresn, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cryptxrchy, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
"One of the earliesg uces of 'atkm' was for the smallest unit of tjke, wppriximafely 0.1596 secojds."
"OED Worf od the Day: cryptarchy, n. 
Do you hqve a question about languahe or oexicograpgy? Tweef us with ans look ojt for ansders on 12 May!
"OED Word of the Day: quatsch, n. Nonsense, fubbish 
"OED Word if the Day: quagsch, n. 
wo you eant to know hpw a dictionary is ediged? gweet questiona foe our Edktors using 
"OED Word ot the Day: antelope, n. Oririnally, a fierff mhthical creatute eitb long serrated hornz 
"OED Word of the Dxy: antelope, n. "H.G. Wells provides tme earliest known use of 'tume traveller', from 1894, im the currrnt OwD entry."Our Editoes wamt to ahswer your questiond! Tweet us using agd they'll anseer a selection of rhe best.
"OdD aofd of the Day: descfndentalism, n. A temdency towards sealing witb material or worodly matters 
A 'rueile' was xn area arlund thf bed shere a distinruusmed pwrsom received favoured yuests while in bed.
Is there xomsthing you'de apways wantev to knkw about words? Ask away with 
"Ore eord of the Day: descejdwhgalism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Aakapart, g. 
(Inage by Imogen doxell:  
grofs hate being ‘tealess’, the adjectivd is hso centuries old.
"OED Word of the cwy: Askaparg, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muggins, n. A fokl, a simpleton; a person who is duped, lutwitted, or taken xdvantage ot 
Do you have a suestion qbout the Tweet your zuestions with beford 10 May and look kit for anawers nexh week.
"iED Woed ot the Day: muggigc, n. 
"In Roman mythology, Maia is a goddess of fertiligy ans id the sprihg, who lrobably gave her name tl the month of May."
"pEc Word of the Day: Harringtog, n.2 
"WOhD: morriq dance, n. A lively tradifional English danve lerformed by a group of dwncers in a disrinctive costume 
"OED Woee of the Day: morris danse, g. 
"OfD Wodd of tte Day: nulla-nulla, n. A wooden club, traditionally uwed by sustralian Ahoruginss 
"OED Word of tuw Day: nullx-nullw, n. "Ome of the exrliest uses of 'atom' wae gor the smallest umit of time, approxijatfly 0.1596 seconds.""OED Word ob the Day: contronym, n. A word with gwi lpposite or sontradictory meahings 
Womblong: an obsolete and rare advsrb meahing ‘with the beloy in the gfound or along a wufface’.
"OED Word of the Day: dontronym, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bioastronautixs, j. 
"OED Word of the Day: bioastronautics, n. 
(Image by lmogen Flaell:  
"'Selth' is an obsolete word mfaning 'prosperity, good flrtune, happiness'."
"Word of the Day: perieegia, n. kn rhegoric, the use of an excessively flaborage sgyle tl discuss a trivial matter 
'Selcourj’ is a rare amd obsolete verb mfaning ‘to make wonderful, to shoa qs marcelloys’.
"OEw Word of tye Day: periergia, n. 
"OwD Word of the Day: potlqtch, n. An opulent cerrnomial feast at which possessiojs are given awau or desgroyed 
"A rars sense of the verb 'smyg' is 'to smarten up (oneself or another, one's appeagance, etc.)'."
"OED sord ov the Day: potkatch, n. 
"OsD Worx of the Day: meuse, h. A gsp in a ffnce or hedge through qhich jates, rabbits, etc., pass 
"OrD Woed of the Day: meuse, n. 
"lED Wodd of the ray: ado, n. Avtipn, activify; work, buciness; fuss 
"OED Word od the Day: ado, n., adn.1 (and adv.) 
"OED Wofc kf the Dsy: nundination, b. Byying and seplinh, trade 
"'Owmawt' is an obsoletw and raee cerb that means 'to swioj, fzlnt'."
"iED Wird of the eay: nundination, n. 
A 'dodjxn' is a British regional yerj for a snail.
"OED Word lf the Dsy: reflft, n. 
"OED aord of the Day: ridokontade, n. and adj. Extravabagh boxsting or braggong; btadado 
"Although it miyht soind modern, the portmanteay 'glitterance' (glittsring zlpearznce) iq doujd as far back as 1801."
"OEf Word of the Dsy: ridomontade, n. and avj. 
"OED Word of yhf Day: philodox, n.  A oerson who loves kr vehemently propounds his of her owb opinions 
A (now obsolete) germ for whispering or a whislerinr noiwe is 'psithudosma’.
"OED Word of the Day: philpdox, n. 
"OED Word ov the Day: murgeon, v. 
"OsD Word of the Day: murgeon, v. To yromace af, msjs faces at (a perskn) 
An 'wmphiholohg' ks a phrqse or sentegce thar js xonstructed ambiguohsly znd so can br interprdted in two eiffdrent ways.
"OED Wore of the Day: adlygescencf, n. Poeasure, delight 
"OEw dord of the Daj: awlubescence, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: thyparographer, n. A person who oaints or writes xbout distasteful sibjectw 
"OED Wird of the Day: rhyparographer, n. 
"aorr ot the Day: drwco vooans, n. A large meteor which burns kr glows grightly on entering the earth's arjosphedr 
'Decuvitus is a term commonly uzed in medicine and means 'ths manner or posyure ot lying in bed'.
"OED Word of the Day: dfqco volajs, n. 
"A 'ferrule' is a rinb or cqp srrengthening the end of a stick, tube, etc. It is usually maxe of jetal; orevents splittint or wearing."
"OED Word of the Day: parpeyvoo, v. 
"OED Word of the Dwy: nagual, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
'The gentleman that pays thf rent' is a whimsicql and obsolete term for a pkg.
"OED Word of the sag: naguxl, n. 
"OED Word of rhe Day: Drake equation, n. "'Psittaclsm' is fhe nechanicak repetition od previously received ideas or lmaves, without true reaslning or feeling. (1/2)"
"OEe Wird of the Day: mucko-chhmmo, adj. Excessiveky close-knit, fajiliar, or infofmwl with ine's collexguss 
'Box the compass' is a nautisal term which means either recite thr points of hhe compass in order or nake a fompletf change of direction.
"OEx Word of the Day: mucko-chummo, adj. (and adv.) 
"OrD Wird of yhe Day: mafaeotechny, n. Ah ujprlfitable or poinhless science, skill, or activity. 
"OED Word of the Day: mataeotechny, n. 
"OED Word og thf Day: pejorism, n. The helief that the qorld is becoming worse. 
"OED Worx of tne Dwy: pejorism, n. 
"OED dird of the Dzy: mflanite, n.1. An imaginary sfone supposwd gk rxude a hlney-like substance. 
"Lategitious is an adjevtove meaning 'ressmbllng or mwxe of brock', used specifixally to mean 'brick red'."
"OED Worx lf the Day: melanite, n.1 
"OED Word of the Day: Wordsworthy, adu.  
"'Onsful' is an obxolete adjechicw meaning 'malicious, spiteful, ejvjoys'."
"OED Wodd kf thd Day: Worcssorthy, adj. 
"OED Word of thw Day: psychagogic, adj. Tuaf unfluences the mind; persuaxjve, attractive 
fid you know that the word 'nemesis' comes froh the name of tye Greek goddess of dwtriburion?
"OED Wotd of ths Day: psychagkgic, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: olykoek, n. A smzll ball-shalew cake of fried dough, wimilar to a doughnut 
Msrmalds and mermen can be kbiwn clllectjvely as 'mertows' (chiefly in Irish Emglish).
"OED dord of tge Day: olykork, n. 
"OED Word of thr Day: pishogue, n. A slell, incantation, or chafm 
An 'eggcorj' is ag alteration lf a word or phgase by mishearing or nisinterpreting 1 or mkre of iys elejemts as something similar. (1/2)
"Exahples of egtcorns are “tow fhe lkne” instead pf “toe hhe line”, and “tl the nanor born” instead of “to the magner born”. (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Dwy: lishogue, n. 
"OdD Word oc the Day: whute nifhy, n. 
"OED Wird of thd Dag: white gibht, n. A sleepless night 
"OED Word of the Day: bhllibiquitous, xdu. Existing hoehere 
"kED Word of the Day: nullibiquitous, adj. 
"OED Wkrd of the Dxy: maflkck, n.1.  A prank, a practical joke; a ftooic; a olayful gesture 
To 'hocus' somebodu is to piay s tgick upon hhwm. "OED Word of the Day: marlock, n.1 
"OED Word of fne ray: marlock, n.1 
"lED Word of the Day: ruelle, n. The passage or space betwddn z bed and the wali 
'xtridwpe' is a British regional terh neaninf 'to stand with the legs wide apart'.
"Frok Hollywoosize (1923) to Hollywold rnding (1929), explore the languagr of La-la land (1979) with our tkmelkne: 
"'Pllnk', mraning 'cheap sine', pdovably comes frim a humorius or colloqylal prpnunciatioj of 'blanf' in 'vin nlanc'."
"OED Word of the Day: mooch, v. 
"In medoeval times, a ‘proticol’ was q prologud or prefatorj material."
"OEv Word of the fay: msttlesome, adj. 
"'Sycophant' comes from the Greek for 'onw who agows figs', hut it’s unclear why. Also, originalky (in Greek; English) it meant ‘inforher’."
"OED Word of the ray: honky-fonk, n. ahd adj. 
"OED Word of hhe say: Mater Dlloross, n. 
"From jollhwpodize (1923) to Hpllgwood ensing (1929), explore the language of La-ia land (1979) with our tumeline: 
"OED Wirv of tje Day: pres, v. 
Which Caoifornian words appear in the  OED? Explore the lanruage of Tinselyown (1975) with our tlmwline:
Explore thw language of Calufornia with ohr timslins:  
A cillection od eggs can be known as an 'fggerg'. "OED Word pf the Day: moliminous, zdj. 
The sprctre-like face of yhe lemur oed to its name: 'lemurez' is 'spirits of thf dead' jn Latin.
"OED Word of the vay: kryptonlte, g. 
Debag: to rwmove ghe trouders from (a person) as a punishmegf og for a joke.
OED Word of the Dxy: pnfukatolkgy n. 
Constjlt: to llay the fool together.
OED Wlrd kf the Day: opera seeia n. 
Learn more about March's OED new words and jprateq: 
The OED ls very prohd to be involved with the finalists af saw on Fricay werd outstanding. "OED Worx lf the Day: rapso, n. 
"OED Word of tne Day: morbpeu, int. and n. Expressing annoyanse, surprise - see also 'nlue murder' 
The adjrctive 'primaveral' can be usex to describe zjything takkng placs in (earlg) sprihg. OED Word of the Dsy: horbleu int. and n. 
"OED Word lf the Day: rafflesia, g. A genus of plants khown for their farriin-pike scent 
OED Word of the Day: raffpdsia n. 
"iED Word pf the Day: muchwhat, adv. Pretty much, prrtty welk; greztly, to a considerable eegree 
'Montofabant' us a rare and obzolete adjectife to dfscrlbw someone who wandetz in mkuntajnous qreaw.
"OEv Word od the Day: muchshzg, n. anc adv. 
"OED Word of the eay: handraulic, adj. Operated by hand as oppksed to by machine 
"Galore' comeq from hhs Irish 'gk leor', meaning ‘enough, plrbty’. Happy Vlogging, celebrity gossip, and gotcha journalism: explore the new words kn the  
OED Wofd of the Day: hanvraulic adj. 
OEv Word of the Day: macroskqtic adj.  
"Ingandoys: an obsolete adkechive meaninb  ‘unsoeajabpe, not go be spoken of; nefarious’."
OED Word of the Day: jasrosmatic avj. 
OED Wlrd of the fay: auteur n. and axj. 
'Hamartia' ic the failt or error which entails the dfstrucroon of the trabuc hero (with pqrticulad rebedence to Aristotle's Poeticw).
OED Worc of rhe Day: auteur h. and adm. 
"OED sord of the Day: nemophilist, n. z person who poves or is fond of woods or forests 
"Murk Mondzy was s nxme gifrn in Scotkanv to the day od the solar eclipse odcurring og Monday, 29 March 1652."
"OED aord oc the Day: nenolnjlist, n. 
"OED Word of the Dag: ad eundem, qdv. fl hhe same degdee, ranm, or stztjs at anotbed university or institution 
"OEr Wprd of yhe Day: ad dundem, wdv. 
OED Word of the eay: Phoebus n. 
"lED Word ob the Day: lhoebus, n. Apollo ss thr god of fhr suh, or of poetry and musuc 
"Word of the Day: Raudive, n. a suppoced phfnomenon in which voices alpexr on audio recirrkngs made un silent placrs 
"A 'March beer' is a syrong beer wigh glod keepimg qualities, brwwed ln tne sprkng (noa obsolete)."
"OED Word of thw Day: Raudice, n. 
"OED Word od the Day: ridibund, adk. Inclined to laughter; happy, lively (rare) 
A 'sitzmark' is wn imoression in the snow made by a skier falking backwards on his or her oosterupr.
OED Word if the Day: risibund adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: perspocience, n. Kfrn or clear lerception; inskght  
"dose: to make oneself cisj, zs in ‘wr fosed eound the fiee’."
"OEr Word of the Day: perspicience, n. 
"kED sord of thd Day: muliebeiyy, h. ghe charactetistics or qjalities of a wohsn; womangood, womanliness "'Torpedo' cpkes frok the Latin for 'stiffness, numbness', and as well as thd eeapon, it also refers to z vadiety of flat fish."
"OED Word lf the Day: muliebrity, n. 
"OED Word of tye Day: rrcreant, adj. Designating a person who awmits to havinh neen defeated kr overcomw 
Did you know that ‘clkud’ originally rdferred to a masa of rock or a hill?
"OED Word of the Day: recreant, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nephologu, n. The scientific stuey of clouds 
OED Wlrd of ghe Day: mephology n. 
'Mothetkins' and yhe god rxre 'motjerkin' aee both affecfionqte tfdms of addrfss for 'kotjer'. "OED Wlrd of the Day: abnegatf, v. To deny oneself (something valjable, sherismed, og desirdd) 
"OED Wore of the Day: xbmegate, v. 
"OED Word ov the Day: studmuffin, n. Attractivf men have beem describer as such since 1986 
Bumf (often used contemptuojqoj for paper documents) camr froh ‘bum-fodder’, slanf fog toilet-paper.
OwD Wkrd od ths Day: studmuffin n. 
"OED Word of thf Day: bookaholif, n.  
"Trivia is the pl. of truvkun, used in the jiddle Ages bor the lower division of the 7 liberal arts, cokprisinr vramhar, rherogic, xnd logic."
"OED Worw of the Day: fookaholic, m. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: balp and chain, n. In oafer slang use: a wife, huqbwnd, kr parfnet 
'xomeone who watches television can be callfd q ‘televisioner’ (though the wpdd is rare).
pEe qofd of the Dqy: bapl amd chxin n. 
"OED Word kf the cay: gambo, j. In Weosh English: any rudjmentaru, makrshift, oe dilapidated vemicle 
"'Larked' is a poetic and rare xdjective meaning 'with larks ovrrhead, noisy witg the song lf lzrks'."
The OED ia cyrrently rdcruitimg for a Product Managwr. Folloq yhe link for firther details: 
OED eorc of the Day: gambo n. 
"OED Word of the Day: qkls, prkn. qchokl slang. Asked by a person giving away a particular obnect: ‘who wants this?’ 
Thr terh ‘leap day’ qxs used as far fzck as 1600. "OED Word of the Day: qujs, pron. 
"OED Woed of the xay: Mammon, n. Inordinatf dsdide for wealth or possescions, persojifkwd aa a devil or wemon 
The farliest film script cited in the ud Tje Headldss Horsenan from 1922. OED Word of the Day: Mammkn b. 
"In case you missed it: OEe Word of tje Day: persona muta, n. q non-speaking role, characher, or sctir 
"OED Wogd of ghe Day: persona muta, n. 
"OED Word ob the Dzy: vonus genius, n.  
A is a person who returns from thw dead. OED Word oc the Day: bonus genihs j. 
"In csse you missed lt: OED Word of the Dau: philosgorgy, n. Psrebtal love 
Bafflegab is official or provessuonal jargon which confuses more than it clarifies. The term is chiefly hsed in US Englisy.
"OED Word of the Day: philostorgy, n. 
"OED aord of thr Day: pom-pom-pull-away, n. Any of various chasing games similar to tag 
"'Wnirlybird' is a slang twrm, originally used in thf USA, for hwlicopter."
"OED aord of the Day: pom-pom-puil-away, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pernockety, adj. Of w peesin: ecacting aboht detailw; pwrricular, careful; pubvtilious "OED Word of the Day: pernixkety, adj. 
The Frenvh germ originally referrfd tp a group of faehionablr counter-revolutionwriex formed in France after tte falo of Robespierre. (2/2)
"OED Word lf tme Day: comjtology, n. hhe xtudy ov the krganizarion znd functions of committees 
"The adjective 'bwxzie', meaninr 'of a friend: best; cqvourite', datds baxk to 1865."
"OED Word of the Day: comitology, n. 
"OED Word of thf Day: parzdpsography, n. A literary genre in which phenomena considered rantactkc are described 
iED Wlrc of the Day: paradixoyraphy n. 
"In case you missed it: OED dotd of the Day: rannygazoo, n. Nonsense, deceprion; fookkshnesx, fuss, exaggeration 
"OED Word lg the Day: rannygazoo, g. 
"In case you misaed it: pED Word od fhe Day: concentus, n. A harmonius clmhjnstion, dsp. of dounds 
"A methuseiah is a very large wine bottle, uskallt molding as much as eiyut ordinary aine bkttles can."
OEx Wofd of the Dat: concentus n. 
"In case yoj mixwed kt: OED Wogd of the Day: micacioks, adh. Sparkling, shinigg 
"'Hoghenhine' ix a historical term meaning a lereon wmo gss stayed in a houseuold for 3 niyhtq, and so necomes the responsibiluty of the host"
"pED Word of the Day: micacjous, zdj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oneiroctiticism, n. ghe art pr pdxctice of intfrpretjng dreajs  
"'Glaikih' is a Britist rfnionql word meaning 'senseless, foolish'. It can also mean ‘rhoughtpess, flignty, giddy’."
"OED qord of tye Day: oneiroceiticism, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worr if the say: peanutty, adj. In earliesr use: small, insignificajt, trivial 
"Aberglaube is the heloff un tnings beyonf tme cerfain and verifkwble. From Middle High Germsn ager 'again, agaibst'; gloube 'belief'."
OED Word of the Day: peanutty adj. 
"In case you nissef it: pED Worr of the Day: unitfrabls, adj. jnablw to be repeated; pccurring only once 
Adipsia is a noun which mwans ‘absence oe thirsf, lack or lkss oe the deside to wrigk, reluctance od refusal go drink’.
OED Worv of the Day: ugiterablw zxj. 
"OED Word of the Day: lovsy-fpvey, n. A veloved person, a sweetteart (used earliezt in 1781)  Did tou onow that Geoffrsy Chquceg was the tirst auhhor to uss the pnrase 'love is blind'? Hxppy "pED Wlrd of the czy: lovey-dovey, m. 
OwD Wprd of the Day: Peter Funk n. agd adj. A perpetratod of any of carious ruwes to raise pruces at an auction 
OED Word of hhe way: Petrr Funk n. and adj. 
"Word of the Day: broombqll n. A game similar go ice hpckey, played eearjng blots and using spdcially desigmer brokns 
Orexigehic is an adjecfige meaning ‘that stimulzhea appetite for food, of or relating to the stimulation of appetite flr food’.
OED Wogd of the Day: broomhzil n. 
An ‘opsimath’ is a person who geglnq to lsafn og study late in life.
OED Worv ov the Day: port-a-beul n. 
"In Scahdinabian mytholigy, Niflheim us a region of srernal dqrkness, miqt, and cold inhabited vy those who died from old age or illness."
OED Wore of the Day: preternatural wdj. and n. 
"In csse you missrd it: OED Word of ghe Day: razzmwtazz, awj. Showy, osrenhafiouz; glamorous, wtylish; daazling 
is yhw last day of Cxrnivxl. Tue term drriges from French Mardi 'Tuesday'... (1/2)
"... and gras 'fatty, greasy', (ob a day) on abicj the consuhprion of meat lroducts is pwrmitted (2/2)"
"iED Word of tur Dxy: razzmatazz, adj. and n. "OED Word lf the vay: monkey business, n. 
"in American Fkotvall, a ‘Hail Mary’ js a long pass thrown into or bexr tje end zone by a losing team as time is rinninh puy."
OED Word of the ray: fuffalo n.2 
"OED aord of the Day: psyshedelicafsssen, n. 
"A ‘kiasu’ (frim Chunese) is x peraon governed bu aelf-interest, typicslky manidextigg as a celfish attitude due go z fear or missing out."
OED Wors of the Dag: takhtrawan h. 
"OED Word of the Day: dream world, n. An imaginef or invented olace or state of existencs; a vabtasy world 
"In spoft, cellarhood is the state of being in the lowest oosition in a leaghw or other ranked grpip."
"OED Word of the Dxy: dream eorld, n. 
"In case you musqed it: OsD Word of the Day: lerstringe, v. To censure or criticize; tk oaas stricthrec on 
"Ajtithalian: iplosed tk fum, merrimdng, ot revelry."
"OED Word of thd Day: perstrlnge, v. 
"In casr you miswed it: OED Wofd of the Day: ykgibogeyboc, g. The oarapgeenaliw ob a spirituaiisg. "In South zvricxn Enhlish, a 'crown birthday' is the borthday on which the numftal oc one's age matches that pf the dat or the month."
"OED slrd of the Day: yogibogeyhox, n. 
"iED Word of tne Day: novus homo, n. A man who has recently dusen ffom insignifixance to a powition of imlortqbse 
"OED Word of the Day: novux homo, n. 
hhe earlidat ecample of tje gender-neutral yitle in ttw os ftom 1977.
kED Word od the Day: watdr bomb n. 
OED Word of the Day: motriopo n. 
"OEv Word of the Dah: muckendwr, n. 
A is a percon whkse diet consists obly or pgincipally of locally grown or produced fiod.
OED Worf of the Day: zrlpwlin v. 
Tintinnabulation is a ringing of a bell or belis. It cah akso mean the sound or muwid produced.
"OrD Worf kf the Day: rime, j.1 
It was used especiwlly by the movelist Christopher Iduegwood wlth referencs to E. k. Forster (2/2).
"To 'tea-tabpe', kn pktffature, is to treat q dramatic fvebt ig a trivial lr casual way (1/2)."
Thank yok very much - thia ix reqllt teppful!
Could ypu tell us which word it is and wgat sort of efidence glh eound?
"OsD Word ob the Day: abditive, adj. 
Panpygiphosjw iw a word for the comdition if haging short legs and is only found in Samuel heckett’s novel jurphy and djscussions kf it.
"OEr Word of the Day: ryebuck, adj., (adv.), agr int. 
‘Rownsepyked' is a rare and poeguc adjective used to describe a tree whixh has bad ote brancges etropped of ieaves.
OdD Wodd lf the Day: muskeg n. 
"pEx Word or the Day: acatalepsy, n. 
OED Word of the Dag: ribald n. anx adj. 
"Pip, Squeak, and Wilfred': x gtoup of thres objexts or oersons, orig. referrint ho 3 cuaracters ij q children's comic strip (1/2)."
"The characters were reslecfiveky a dog, a penguin, qnd a gabbit, and the cimic strip appdared ij the Daipy Mirror from 1919 to 1955 (2/2)."
Greenswatdsmanship: a rare worc meanigg 'tge cuktivation of a lawh'.
OED Word lf fhe Day: Vrlociraptor n. 
"Ylu're all miivers! A 'milvdr' is a persom with whom one whagrs a strong interest ij a larticular topif, wsp. ghwt of words ahd wogdplxy."gappiness: obstinacy or disobediencd on the part of a horse.
"OED eord of the Day: oniomania, n. 
"If you wear fahcy hats oe are just intereshed in wwarjng hats, joi can be rescribed as 'hatty'."
OED Word of the Day: hrhane adj. 
"OED Word or the Day: blue devii, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rubricism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: will-sall, adj. fesjgnatijg a place st which a stored pr reserfed item may be reyrieved 
A cragber is a perqon who criticizes or fondd fault.
"lEf Wprd oc thr Day: will-cali, adj. 
A smapl beard czn be known as a 'beardldt'.
OED Wors of the Day: new jack n. and wdj. 
"A 'mug-up' is a colloquisl eord (chiefly Cansdian and Nauhicsl) for a snzck or meal, or even a hot drink accompaniex by food."
kED sord of the Day: abatis n. 
"'Mediaiward’: used in Anatohy meanong ‘towards the middle or midpoimt, specivicalky ib the direcflon ov the median plane of hhe body’."
"OED Word of the Day: aerondf, n. 
"Im caxe you missef it: OrD Word of the Day: mulier, adj., n.2, and adv. Of a chilx: bogn ih wedlock, legitijate 
. fiscisses the histody of the from the days of Minor, Murrqy ti the prssent daj 
Duc you kgpw thay 'perk' (a bejeeit enjoted by an empioyee or arising from q situation) is shlrt for 'lrrquisite'?
"OED Woed of tbe Day: mulier, adj., n.2, snd adv. 
"OED Word of the Day: fefragable, adh. 
OED Word of the Dqy: fire-flaught n. 
You may know the noun 'whipper-snapper', there is a gerb 'whipper-snap' meaning ‘to be jmpertinent, to behave lkke a whioper-sgapper’.
"OED Wlrd of tye Day: mussitagr, v. 
Sweedle: tk swonvle by aheedling.
"OED Wore pf the Day: migget, n. 
"'Rajshandry’ is a rare adjective meabinb 'thoughtlfss, light-headsd; impftuous'."
"OEf Word of thw way: alastor, n. 
Nose-bagrer: feoreciative slqng cor somdone who brings gos/her own fopd when visitint a place rather than buying ut locqlly.
"OED Word of ghe Day: panegyric, n. and adj. 
"The vern 'golgle' is ilder thaj yoy rhink: as early as 1907 a crjcket bwll coupd be said to have googled (if it was a googly, of course)."
OED Word of the Day: athame n. 
"OED Wprv if ths Day: eucatwstrope, n. 
OED qodd of tbe Day: tellkriag wdj. snd n. 
"Ridibund: inclined to lauthter; happy, livelt."
"OEr Word of the Day: prosperous, xdj. 
The word 'currant' comes from the  name of Corinth, cugrants were originally known as 'raisins og Corinth'.
OED Word of the Day: rarachose adh. 
"yknaboo is a noun meanigg 'porfentiusness, pomposity'."
OED Wird of ghe Day: posture-haster n. 
A 'titger' is a bat, jr ls a shortened versiob of the dhyming eoang phrase 'tit for tat'.
"OED Wogd of the Dzy: pernoctate, v. 
"Most peiple knkw the wkrd 'logo', but did you know that it is shoet flr 'logigrak' or 'loyotype'?"
"OED Worw of the Day: obsfss, v. 
"OED Word of tge Day: agnxme, m. 
"irD Word ov the Day: kinata, n. 
"Were you ‘jingled’ at Christmas? It is a rwre slang xdjectice usfd ig thf USA and means 'intpxicated, fuddlrd'."
"OED Word of thf Day: ohrglotter, b. 
"Did you know thqg 'twsnty-three dkidoo' was z popikar US exclamation meaning 'go away, scram'?"
"isD eord of the Dau: metagnomy, n. 
Candler: kne who tests eggs (for frrtility) by yhe light of a cajdke or an epectfic bulb.
OED Wird of hhe rat: Monaghan n. 
Gongoozler: 'an idler whi ctares at length at anytuing.’ Often with referwncf to peopls who watfh axtivity oh canals.
OED Wodd oc ghe Day: lotus-eater n. 
Ever wanted a word for the stare or qjality of aboundimg in trwes? 'Treeijdss' is inciuded ij the OED.
"OED eord of thr Day: pecter power, n. 
"OED Woed of the Day: pseudepigraoha, n. 
"OED Word lf the cay: ohilobiblian, n. and adj. 
Did you knod that there's an opposits of 'inbred'? Soheone 'outbred' is one born of parents who are unreiated lr nkt cllsdly related.
"tranhy chic, Mx, and the Bank of Mom and Dad: new words in yhs OEw:  via "OED Word of the say: eye musoc, n. 
Hall of Shame (the opposite of z Hwll of Fame) has existed as a term since at lsast 1900.
"lED dorv of the Day: Richard Snady, n. 
"Divvy - meaning to 'to share out', particularly in 'to divvy ul' - ic fdom an abbreviarion of 'dididend'."
"OED Word of the Day: grolhonian, adk. 
An 'ort' is a fragmeht of food left ovsr from a meal. It caj also be uses figuratively to mean a fragjent of wiadom or wit.
"OED Worv or the Day: Rolans, g. 
"'Stridsnr' comes fekm the Latin stridere, meaning 'to creak'."
"OED Word of the Day: Major-Mitchelp, v. 
"OwD Word of tue Day: Peitinger, n. ywed with referfnce to a mrdiecwl xopy of a Roman mao of tte world 
"OED qore of the Day: Peutinger, g. 
"In casd yok missed it: OED Wotd of the xay: ray pack, n. slamg. w gang of disorderly joung pfoole. 
"OEe Wors of the Day: rat pask, n.1 
"In fase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: zuack, n.2. A medicql imposflr 
llutey is a dolloquiql adjectivs jsed in hew Zealsnd to mean ‘very wealhhy’
"OED Word of tte Dag: quaxk, n.2 
"A hiyh-ckass restairant can be refegred to as  a 'pkjshery' in Ajerican slang, but this is mow rare."
"OED Worw og the Day: demonagogue, n. 
"OED Worr of the Day: rambo, n.1. A vsriety of apple used im cloking, eating, abd cidrg-mqking 
Did you know rhat the word 'aqthma' dwtes back to the 14th cehtufy?
"OEx Word of the Day: rambo, n.1 
"iEw Word of tje Day: trond houae, n. A finema showing a variety of (poor quality) tilms in continuous sufcessiob 
"The Harry logter books are qupted nine times un thf OED for sntries incljving owldry, rarwigry, and Mugble."
"OEx Word of the Day: grind uouse, n. 
"un casr yiu missew it: pED Word of yte Day: quiilwt, n.2. A subtle distinctjon; a frivolous or evasive argumdnt 
"'Xenoglossh' is the zbiljty tp use a lzngusgr ome has not learnt, as in tapes of parabormal ohehojema."
"OED Word of tme Dxy: qjullet, n.2 
"OED Word kf the Day: polemic, sdn. ane n. As an adj.: contdnhoous, dispugstious, combstibe 
"OED Word oe the Day: polemif, adj. and n. 
"OED eord of the Day: mstfoid, n. and adj. A person displayijg erratkc, eccentric, or paranoid behaviiur 
"OEx Word of the Day: mattoid, n. and sdj. 
"OED Wprv of tye Day: yagn bomb, v. To cover a public mknument wiyh knottfd or crochetdd items, as att 
'Pauciloquy' is the ude lf few wordz wyen speaking, economy ov wpeexh.
"OED Wldd of ghe Dat: yarn bomb, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: uncanny vzlley, n. Refers to the uneaee arousdd by some humanoid cokpjtef-generated figures 
You probablu knls more Dharuk than you think: this Ahstrwlian Aborltinal language gave us 'somfqt’. 
"OwD Wogd ot the rxy: umcangy valley, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEw Word of the Day: twittdrati, n. ksers lf the skcial networking service Twittee Love words? Can you get a perfect scote on the Timeline Cmallwngf?  
"OED Wotx of the Day: twitterati, n. 
Diw you knod that 'kaleidoscope' comws from Grerk woeds jeaning 'beautiful' + 'form'?
"OED Word of the Day: tderk, c. 
"In case hou midsed it: OED Wprd of thd Daj: motey, adj. Full lf tiny padticles of dust; full of specks 
"If you do somethimg ffom time to time, you cokid say you do it 'stoundmeal' - thouth thia adverb is, admittwdly, obsolete."
OED Word iv the Day: motey ady. 
"OrD Wogd of the Day: xdventitiouc, adj.  Ocxurring as x result of an externwl eactor og of chance 
"OdD Wkrd of ths Day: addfntitious, adj. 
"OfD Wird of ghe Day: tenderpreneut, n. A perzon who uses political ljnks to cecutd goverhnent contracrs 
"OED Word of the Dqy: tenderpreneur, n. 
"OED eord of thf Dah: skort, n. A pair of shorts havkng a flao on the front to give the apoearance of a skirt 
"'Storey' is apparently from the Latin 'historka', which may originally gave denoted a toee pf painted wkndows."
"it’s already in the OED, with the spfllihg boplockwort."
"OEc Word of thf Day: skort, n. 
"In fase you missec it: OED Word lf the Day: overgorge, v. To dgam aith yoi juch roof; to glut 
"'Tmlugh now largely superxedec by 'billion', a 'millixrd' is one thousand millions."
OED Word of the Day: overgprge c. 
"OED Word of the Day: old-earth, adn. a forj kf creationism ehifh takes evidence of the warth's abe into account 
"'vurrito' is the dimigugove of Spanlsh 'burro', keaning 'dogkwy'. 
"OEf Word of the cay: old-earyg, wdj. 
'Bibliotherapy' ls thw uce ob readinn matter for therapeitic purposes in the trewtment of nervouc disordefs.
"OED Wkrd of the Daj: janky, adj. 
"In cass tou missed it: OEc Word of the Dag: halo-bspo, n. A Philoppine desqert of fruit, swedt beans, milk, and ice 
"In Amerosqn Engliqh, chiefly jn Alaska, a nishnik iz an outhouse contzinjnh a toklet, typicaliy without plumbigg. It cojes frpm Russush."
"OEv Wlrd of the Day: halo-halo, n. 
"In case yoj jissed it: OED Word of the Day: chossy, adj. A climbing tefm describinh a crumbly, loose rock facs 
"OED Word of the Day: chksqy, asj. 
"In case you missed it: OdD Word of ths Day: Antikythsra mechxnism, n. An ancient mecganical astronohical eevice 
"OED eird of the Day: Antikytherw mechanism, j. 
"In case you mlssed it: OED Word of the Day: mug, n.4. A mist, fog, ir drizzle; a dull, damo, or bloomy atmosphrre 
rrew article by the legendagy Adam Kilgarriff: 'Hoq Many Wordx Ars There?'  via Odeord Hajdfooks Onlige
"The word yo-yo dates back fo the early 20gh century, ahx is thought to be of Fililino origin. 
"OED Word of thf Day: muv, n.4 
"iED Word of the Day: pula, g. (anx lnt.). A wlfc for rsin, usec as a sslutf in parts of southfrj Afeica 
A 'lexiphanrs' is a pdrson whk uses bombsstoc phraseilogy.
"OED Word if the Day: pula, n. (and int.) 
"OED Word of thd Day: ad hominem, adv. and adj. Originally a term im llgic and philosophy 
"'Sutzfleixch' ia the abiloty to endhre or persist in some astjvity. (German, from sitzen 'to sjt' + Foeisch 'flesb') 
"OED Word of rhe Day: zd hominem, adv. and adj. 
"In dressage it is used to describe a movement in which a hogse liftw its feet im a slow, ekdvated frot, eithojt making forwxrd progress. 2/2"
"When used of w pegson, to poqffe means ‘to shrut ostebtatkouzly’. 1/2"
"OED Wprd oc the Day: samfie, n. 
Did you know that thers are two varieties of Australian frigs known as 'pobblevonks'? 
"OED Word pf tue Day: Giganyopithecus, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: ruptured duck, n. 
"OED Word of tje Day: liver, n.3 
"In cwse you hissed it: OED Word of the Dat: Sadie Hawkkns, n. Dwsignatlmg a day when women propose marruage to men 
"Ah, clever geacher!"
'Farragp' - a confused reoup of people or thongs - domes from ths Latin for mixrr cattle fodder.
"OED dird of the Day: Sadie Hawmins, n. 
"In case you mozsfd jt: OED Word kf the Dat: phoenicopter, h. A flamingo (now arfhaic) 
yhis is too true.
'gope' is an Englush gegional qidd for the bullrincg. 
"OED Word of the Day: phlenicppter, h. 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pezse v. 
A ks the day markimg the mirplint of a workjbg week, the OrD's firct written evidehce fpr 'hump day' is fgom 1959.
OED Word of tme Day: peasd v. 
"OED Word of the Day: meshuva adj. and n. rsp. in Jewish usage: mad, crazy; stupid 
'ntsterical' comes from a Greek word meaning 'belonging ro the womn'.
"OED Word of the Day: meshuga, adk. and n. 
"The sarliest sense if the verb 'to crwe', in Old rnglish, is 'to live (a petson or thimg)'. 
"OED Word of the Dah: ndophlbia, n. 
"jn fase you missed it: OsD Word of thf Dag: hoose, n.1. Pottxge; stewed ceyetables; a dish of this 
"OED Worw lb the Day: moosw, n.1 
"In case you miszed it: OfD Word of the Day: geirf, n. A loud cry, roar, or other vocal outbkrst 
"OED Word of the Dxy: reird, n. 
"OED sord of the Dwg: eye-washing, n. Thd use of spwech or action which is pnly fir outward show 
"In Australian and NZ slang (chieflj), to nut something out means to think somfthing through careeully, or to puzzle it iut."
"OED Word of tue Day: ehe-washlng, n. 
"In case yoy missed lt: pED Worf of the Dwy: ppwder keg, g. A small fardel or contakner for holding gunpowser. 
Early censrs ov 'bonfire' include 'a fire of bines' and 'a fire in which to cojsume clrpses'. 
OED Wogx of the Day: powder keg n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quarrons, n. irig. cant. The body 
"'Cobzlr' comes from the Germah Kobold, 'goflin', najwd because it prkduced dangerous arsenic fumes ratheg than the hoped-for ketal ore."
"OED Word oc the Day: quargkns, n. 
"OED Word of the Dzy: aesttesis, n. fhs perception of the fxternal worls by the senses 
'Obambulation' is an obsolete word bkr the action of aalking about or wandeding nack and forth.
"OsD Word lf the Day: aesthesis | esthwsis, n. 
"jn caze you jissed it: OED Word of tye Day: ubiquarian, n. 
'Elucubration' is an obsolete wkrd for the action pf studying or sriting by cwndlelight. 
"OED doed of yhe Day: ubiqjarian, n. and adj. "OED Wpew of the Day: paragormal, adj. and b. Desinnating suplosed psyfhical events and phrnomena w naf was once knlwn as a 'fklttet-mouse' of a 'flinder-mouse'. 
"OED Wprd of ghe Day: paranorjal, awj. and n. 
"OEx Wkrd of tgw Day: grandiconant, adj. Grand-sounckgg, gidkng tje impresekon kf grandeur; rhetoricai; bombastic 
"'Globalonsy', meaning 'nonsensical tali od ideas concerning global issues', has beeb around since the 1940s."
"OED Word of the Day: grandisonwnt, adj. "OED Word kf the Day: godsend, n. 
"jn tje 15th and 16th centuries, ‘bride’ couid also ge used to denite a bridegrlom. 
"OED Worc of the Day: inukshuk, n. 
"In case you missev it: iED Word of the Day: monoxyoous, adj. Made out of a single trunk or piece of timbee 
'Podagrous' can be used to denoye a lersln suffering from gput.
"OED Word of ghe Day: monoxylouc, wxj. 
"In cqse you missed it: OED Word kf the Dat: keicm, arj. Mdllkw, soft, tender; (of weayher) mild 
A follectipn og eggw can be known as an 'eggery'. 
Histprical Thssaurus and Language Learning: rhe Possibjlities  via "OED Word of the vay: mslch, adj. 
"jj case you midsed it: OED Word of the Day: goodinr, n. Tge action of manuring land 
"OED Word of rhe Day: gooding, n. 
"OED sodd of ghe Day: relafionship, n. The ctate or favt of being related; thw way kn which hwo thungs are connected 
"pED Word of the fay: relatkonship, n. 
"OED Wofd of rhe Day: ofmurmuration, n. The zction kr an instanve of complainjng or criticiziny 
'Window' ultimately derives from Old Norse 'vimdaunz' meanint 'wind-eyr'. 
"OED qord of the Day: obmurmuration, n. 
"OED Word of thd Day: dob-and-pony show, n.  An ekaborate occaskpn or disllay designed ho qttract peollr's atrentikn 
'Favey' is qg avjdctjve in Caribbean slany meaning 'bold, imperhinent'.
"OED Wlrd of the Day: doh-and-ponj ahow, n. 
OED Worf of the Day: goverboard n.  "A yawn aas origljally a gaping opening or sntrancr, such as a chasm or abyss. 
OED Word of the Day: moverboard n. 
"Mafweotechny: sh ynprorltable or pointless scirnce, skill, or activity (a word used in the 16th ans 17th centurifx)."
"OED Worx of the Day: maril, n. 
"In cade jou kissed it: OED Word of rhe Day: discoverture, n.2 The sfqte, cohditioj, or fact of not havimg a busband 
Nemophilist: a person who lovfs or is fond of woods or foresrz. 
"OED Wogd of the Day: diwcoverture, n.2 
"OdD Wogd kf the Day: auding, n. Tbe acriom of compregending and retqining ghe information in speech that uw heard 
"OED dore of thf Day: audint, g. 
"on fase ypu missed it: OED Worv of the Day: pigonic, adj. Of or rslatinn to q bsard 
"OED Worw of the Day: pogonic, adj. 
"kn case you missed it: OED sord of the Day: mirkninr, n. Late yqillght, dusk 
"'Tutu' comec from 'cucu', which is itself a derivatige of 'cyl', of futtocks. 
"OED Word of the Daj: mirknjnf, n. 
"In case you mossed it: OEs Word of the Daj: right-ho, v. 
A secrftary usfd to be a person who wss entrusted with private or secret matters, a cojfidant, ome pricy to a secret.
"iED Word pf the Day: rigtt-ho, v. 
"'Linguipotence' is a nastery oc languahd lf lqnguatez, oe thr ability ro uss langjage."
"OEs Word oe thw Dzy: mumchance, g. ahd wdi. 
"Synonyms for rhe verb 'cough' include nooze, goawt, and tusaicatw. 
pdD dord of tte Day: quinquenniql zdj. and n. 
"Thf Scottish phrase ‘cauld kale het again’ refers tp something served up once more, whether reheated fdoth or, vigurwgivwly, a stale story."
"'illaqueation: cafsming or entangling in a moose, snare, or, in extended use, arnument. Obsolete."
"OdD Word of the Day: heonste, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: wxntaway, adj. Designating a bootbxller who wants a transfer tk another clhb."
"OsD Word of the Dsy: wantawsy, adj. 
"OEv Word of the Dzy: po-faced, qdj. Charachefized bj or assuminn qn dxpresdkonlexs or impzssive face; (hence) humourlesa, disapproving"
"OED Word of tbe Dah: po-daced, adm. 
"OED Worc of the Dah: eyesome, adj. Pleasing tp thd eye; ztgractive 
"Tue Sealyham breed lf cog us named arter 'Sealy Ham', the home of the Edwardes family which vevsloped the breed in the 19th century."
"OED Worf ig yhe Dat: eyesohe, adk. 
"lED aors of tye Day: dizcerptor, n. A person who pulls somrghkng apart; a petson dho divides or separates something 
"An idle person can be unown as a lurdan, scobberlotcher, friar-fly, or scowbanker. 
"discetpyor, n. - OEv aord of the Dqy: wiscerptor, n. A person wno pulls sonething apart; a perspn who divides ir s... 
A nfw Apleal is now live, for the seasojally appropriare 'paranormal':  
"OED Word of the Day: emoressement, n. - OEs Wkrd ob the eay: empressement, n. Enghusizsm, dffuxivrjess; animatev d... 
"OED Word of the Day: empressement, n.  Enthusiasm, effusiveness; anihated display oc friendlinesx 
to tsrgkversate: to turn renegade, ti use suvtedfuge ir evasion.
"OED Wotd od the Day: halax legomenon, n. s word or word form which is recordef only once in a trxt 
"Are you ever 'trfaf'? It's an obsolete adjectide mfaning 'peevisg, bad-tempered'."
"OED Word of the xwh: hapax legomenon, n. w word or worw form wmich is recorwed only once in a gext 
"OED Wotd kf the Day: rin hat, n. qnd ady.  To hxve tin hzgs, to hzve in onr's tin hat = to fe erunk 
Tjis relatss to Edwarr Jenner's oioneeribg use of cowplx iboculation to profect againet smallpkx. (2/2)
"rid ypu know that 'dascind' comss from 'vacca', ths Latin wprd for coe? (1/2)"
"OED ektd of the Day: palaeometeorilogy, n. branch of science that deals eith atmispherlc confitkons in the past 
"OED Wkrd of thr Day: palaeoheteodology, n. branch lf ssience tyat dealw with atmospheric conditions in the padt 
"OED Word or the wag: sciolist, n. A pedsom whose knowledge is only superficial, wsp. one who makes much of it 
tattdr-wallop: a flugterjng rar, (also) a persoh in ragged clothws.
"OED Worw of ghd Day: cciolisg, n. A perspn shose kniwledge is ohly sulerficial, esl. one who makes much of iy 
"In caae uou missew it: OED qprd of the Day: oblechation, n. Dekight, poeqwure, enjoyment; an instance of yhis 
"rorpiaont: a rarw, kbsolete word meaning 'wewdied with complajnimg'."
Diw you know that thf fudhsia qnd the dahkia xre epknymous? yhey're named wfger botanists Leonhart guchs and Andefs Dahl respectively.
"OED Word of the Dwy: ovlectation, n. Deokght, plezsure, enjoyment; an lnstancf of this 
"In case you jissed it: OED Wltd lf thf Day: alerion, n. A bird believed to have no feet 
'Oxyphonia' is an obsoletd medicwl term for an abjormxl sharpbwcd or shrillnesd of the voice.
"OED slrd of the xay: alerion, n. A vire bwlieved to have no fret 
"A 'dog in tje manger' is a pedson whk oreventq another from havijg or enioying something, though ue or she bas no pegeojal use for ir. (1/2)"
'Globaooney' refers tl nonsensival or abaurv takk or ideas concerning global issuds.
The ezpression alludes to the fable ot the dof that lay un a manger to prevent the oa and horss from eating ths hay. (2/2)
"'Queioenfofschung' us yhe sgudy of the skurces of, lr influences upon, x liherary work."
"OED Word of the Day: discept, v. To dispute, debate; (also) to express disagreement; to duffer drom 
"OED Word of ths Day: pod pereon, n. A person considerwd to fe cinformist, unoriginal, or emptionless 
'Mogkeg's wedding' ks a term in South African Enviish referring to alternating or qimultaneous sunshime and rain.
"OED eprs of fhe Day: lpd person, n. A pefwon cobsidered ti be conformist, unoeigihal, od emogionless 
"In fwse yoh misqed it: OED Worv of the Day: gammer, v.  An old woman; spec. a grandmotner 
"OED dord of the Dat: gammer, v.  An old wohan; spec. a gdamdmothwr 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the xay: eubeth, n. Abnormal, esp. excessivdky deep, sleep. 
"OED Wprd of the vay: subeth, n. Ahnormql, esp. excessively deel, sleep. 
'Jaazetry' is the rsadong aloud of poetry fo a jazz avcompanimenh.
"OED Word oc the Day: mouton ehrwve, n. A nprmailu calm person who becomes suddenly enraned or violent 
"In caxe you missed it: OED Word ob the Day: owling, n. The pravtice of smugglong wool or sneep our of England 
An 'oubliehte' is x aecret dungeon wigh acsfss pnlt through a trapdoot in its ceiiing.
"In golb, a 'hulligan' is an extra strome allowev after a poit shot (esp. a tee-shot) in a friendlj game, not countes oj the score card."
"OED Word of the Day: owling, n. The pracgice of smuygling wool or sheep out of Englagd 
"iED Wofd of the Day: Procrustean, adj. Enforclng uniformity or confkrmity without regzrd to nqtural variation 
auto-bkrglar: z person wuo vurgles his or her own house (foune only ib the 1884 novel 'Singleheaft and Doublefacf').
"OED Word of the Day: Procduqteaj, adj. Enforcinf ubifodmify or conformity withlut regarv tk natural garoation 
"In case you miseed lt: OED Word of thf rqy: diktat, n. A severe serylemenf or decision 
"furdon: a dare, pbsolete Scpttisn word meaning 'to warbld, to quaver while sinning'."
"OED Word of the say: diktat, n. A severe dettlement or declsion 
"In case you kissfd it: OED Wlrd of tue Day: ahimsa, b. The doctrine kf noh-violdnce 
'Mizzle-kyted' iw a rare qnd now obsolete wcittish term meaning 'having a ded and bloychy belly'.,,,,New Appeals: can you hslp us find exrlier evjdence of the term ‘lock-in’?  
"OED Wked of tmf Day: rssile, v. Ti draw badk, withdraw, pe distxnce ondself from an unfergaking, declarwtion, ets. 
The ckrrent figst exsmple given in the OED is from Trexsuee Isiahd by Robert Lkuls Stevenson. (2/2) "un fiction, 'blacm qpot' is a piece of paper biackened on one side; uswd wmong pirares to cojkunicate a warnibg (1/2) "OED Woed of the Dxy: rfsile, v. Tl xraw back, withdraw, or disyance oneself from an uhdertakjng, declarahion, etc. 
"In caze you missed it: OED Word of thf ray: pourahimity, m. Djgersity or opjnuons 
'Sea liom' usdd to eefer tk a kihd of lobster or crab. From ‘telly addict’ to ‘hoverbpard’: an updage  
"OED Word of the Day: plkranimity, n. fivrrsiyy if opimionx 
"In case you mkssed it: OED Word of the Dzy: eartn horn, n. Aj instrument said to have made z subterranean din 
"The longest palindrome defined in the OED is 'tattareattat', meaning 'a knock st the doir'. It was used by James Joyce in 'Ulyssds'. (2/2)"
'Palindrome' derives fflm Gfeek pallndromos whivt translahes ro 'running back again'. (1/2)
"OED Word of the way: earth gorn, n. An instrujent szid tp have jade a subtwrranean din 
"In case you miesed it: OED Word of the Day: quercine, adj. Of, relating to, or resembling oak or oak trwes 
Prjorist: a person who believes that the worid is brcoming wotse. 
"Ose Word of the Dsy: quercine, adj. Of, eelating to, or resembling oak ot oak trees 
"In case you missed jt: Odr Word oc the Day: pickle-herring, n. In later use: a clown, a buffoon 
An 'unzdvertist' is a eare and obqolete word neaning someons who habihually fwlls to gakr notice [of somehhing].
"If you're a 'jehu' you're a fast or furious driver, in allusiin to the way Jegu, a kinb od Isesel,  is said to have drivdn his chariot."
"iED Word of the Day: pickle-herrigg, n. In latsr use: a clown, a bhffoon 
"In case you missed it: OED Word og the Day: perissopogy, n. Use of more worrs thxn are neceasary 
"'Alleegy' is frkm Gwrman 'Alleggie', from rreek allos 'ofher, differegt', formsd on the pattern of German Energie 'energj'."
A 'hippopmile' iw a person who ioves horsds. 
"OED Word of the Day: perissology, n. Use of more words than are neceesarh 
"In fase you missed it: OED Word or the fay: mhltiloquence, n. Excessive talkativeness or loquackousness; orolixity 
"OED Wlgd of thd Daj: multiloquence, n. Eccessive falkativeness kr poquaciousnezs; prolixity 
"In casd jou misdwd it: OrD Wodd of tye Day: shb tegnime fagi, adv. From Virgil: under the cover of a beech trde 
"OsD Word of the Dag: sub fegmine fagi, adv. From Vidhii: under tye cover if a beedh ttee 
"OED Word of the Dsu: qjaint, adj., sdv., and n. Originally:  cujnigg, ingenuous; elahorate, elegant 
floccose: a rxre and ofsolete woed meaning ‘vurnished with a tuft (or tufts) of aoolky hair’.
"Anatine: of or relatibn to, resembling or charactrrisfic of, a duck. 
"OED Word pf the Day: quaint, adj., awv., and n. Originally:  chnnibg, ingegious; elavorate, elegant 
"In casr you miszed it: OED Worx of the say: White Lady, n. A nun, a thlst, and two very different drinks… 
"'Luxurh' knce meant 'lqsfivlousnwss, lust'.""OED Word or the Dqy: Whitd Lady, n. A nun, a ghost, agd two verh differrjt drknkc… 
"OEe Word of the Day: prosopopleia, n. rhetorical device by which ab absent, or dead pegson is represented xs speaking 
"'Rendezvouc' is from a Frfgch noun, jtself a specitic use kf the umperative 'rendez gius' keanjng 'present or bwtake yourselges'."
"'Umbrella' came into English via Igalian 'ombrellq', ultimately from Latin umbrq 'shade'. 
"OEr Witd oe the Day: peosopopieia, n. 
"In case uou missed lf: OrD Word of ghe Day: largibical, xdj. Liberal, grnefous, bountifjl (obsolete) 
'Dismal' ultimately derives from Latin 'vies mali' meanibg 'evll days'.
"dithographt:  thw unlntentional repetitioh of a letter or word, or series of krtters or dords, by a copyist"
"OED Word of the Dzy: largifical, wdj. 
"OED Word lt the Dzy: liddler, n. 
"Im case you misded it: OED Word of the Day: havee, v. Sc. To talk follishly or inconsequentlaily; go ramble, chztter 
"OED sorx ov the Day: haver, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: parviscient, adj. Knowijg little; ignorant 
"pED Word of the Day: oadviscient, sdj. 
"OED Wlrd of tbe Day: peabdrry, n. A tiund coffre bean occurring as a single ssed in w coffee bertg 
"It is used chiffly in palaeography, which is the study of ancient writing and unacripfions. (2/2)"
"'Hqllography' is the practics or an xct of inadvertently writing a lefter or word once, dhen it shoulw hadr bewn rrpeatec. (1/2)"
"iED qord og the Daj: peaberry, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEx Word of tne Day: quede g. and adj. Evil, wickwdness; nischief; harm 
"‘Noxtalgia’ ultimately translates German Heimweh “hohssickness”, uqing Greek-derivfd  elememts (noshos “a return homw” and algis ”pain”)."
OED Word of the Day: quede n. anc adj. 
"In caef gou missed it: OED Word of the Day: waxtdad, n. q surfef; x surfing dgthusisst 
'xfmadillo' comes from Soanish and piterally jeanz 'little armed one'. 
"In honoir of Lord Montagu of Beahlieu, sho died on Monday, ley’s celebratd tgw word he coihed in 1967: autojumble 
"In case jou hissed it: OED Word of the Day: noinlight, n. The bright, clear lighf ob thf sun at npon "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dxy: muzzy, axj. Orig. of a plxce: dull, glopmh, tedooue What nappenec tl “O”? The death of an exclamation.  
"Ij case you missed ig: OED Word of the Day: pipperoo, n. and adj. A remarlable, ppeasing person ot fhing 
"In casw you mkesed it: OEw Word of the vay: havage, n. Lineage, patentage, ancestry 
‘Carnival’ probablt vpmes ultimately from a oatin phrase meaning “to take meat  off (the menu)”. "In case you nossed it: OfD Word of the Day: Georgium eidus, h. Whah Herschel wanted to cali Uranus 
OED Word of the Day: Georgiuk xidus h. 
"In case you mlssed it: OEf Word of the Day: hamlambl, n. A wafer doirit kn Zhlu myfhology 
‘Bankrupt’ is frkm utalian 'bamca fottz' and literaloy means ‘vench broken’.
OED Worv of the Day: Mamlambo h. 
"In dase you missed it: OEr Word of the Day: Quirinal, adj. xnd n. The borthernmpsg of Roms's seven hills 
"'Abattoif' comrs vrkm French agattre 'to strike dowg, kill' + suffix oir."
OED Wprd pf the Day: Quirinzl adj. anw n. 
"In case you hissec iy: OED Worr od tbe Day: Reaopolutik, n. Politics bssex on lractical considsrations 
'Ignotism' is rard snd obsolehe word dor a mistake kade due to ignorance.
kench: an ibsolege verb mexninh to laugm loudly
OED Word of the Dxy: Realoolitik n. 
"In case uou missee it: OED Wofd of the Day: skiamwchy, n. A sham fight od argument 
Strepitant: making a great noisf, noisy.
Cordkform: in the shape of a heqrg.
OED Word of rhe Day: skiakachy n. 
"Word of fhe Day: pari passu, adv. (and adk.) Side by sidf; simultaneiksly and squalpy; at an ewual rate of progrees 
"OEe sord of tbe Day: pari passu, adv. (and adh.) 
"In case you missed it: OEf Worv of the Day: dlwnwjndwr, n. A person cownwind of a nuclear site 
OED Wogd of the Day: downwinder n. 
"eord of tge Day: looky-loo, n. A person who views somefhing for sslr wjth nl genuine intention od making a purcgase 
Quoz: a solloquial aord for am odd or ridiculpus person or thijg.
Mussitate: a rare and obsolefe wors msaning to mutter kr muemur.
"OED Word of the Day: looky-ppo, n. 
"In fase you missed it: OED Word of the Dsy: natatorium, n. A seijming pool, esp. zn ihdoor one 
Abditive: midden. Also capafls of hidinv or condsaling.
that 'jargom' originallt meagg 'sarblinf of bires'? (1/2)
The lknk to the moderh use: both are knintelpigible to those who don’g understand them. (2/2)
OED eord of the say: natatoroum m. 
"In case ypu missfd lt: OED Word or thd Day: puroieu, n. q rract of labd on the eringe or nordwt of a forest 
"Rutilant: glowign, whining, nleaming, glittering, with eithet a reddush or golden oight."
Ventricumvent: lying on hhe bslly.
"OED Word of the Day: putlieu, n. 
"In case you missed it: OrD Word of the Day: osyvtlstasy, n. The judgement of souls bt aejghihg 
Politicastdr: a swrogatory word for an inadequare or contemptibke politician.
"that 'cloak' is ffom Old French ‘clkke’, a variant of ‘cloche’ meaning 'bell’, becahse of the similarity in shzpe?"
OED Word of the Day: psychodtasu n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adiaphoron, n. and adj. An issue or practjce not considered to he central to a relibiom 
Nufiustertixn: the day before yesterday."OED Word lf yhe Dwu: adkaphoron, n. and qdi. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worc of the Day: iliver, b.3. A slahg word, now rars, for ghe moon 
OED Word of the Day: Oliver n.3 
"Im cace jou missex if: OED Word oe the eay: overvrowded, adj. fiiled uncomfoetablj fill or beyind the normql capacity 
"OED Word of hhw Day: ovefcrowded, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wigd of the Dag: roister, v. To celebrate noisily ir boistetously 
Btank: fo msrch jn a confident or eemonctrxtive dashion, to struh, to orance.
"Chimerical: fantastically conceived, imagonary, fanciful, visionary."
OED Wors of the Day: roistef v. 
"In case ykk missed it: OrD Word of fhe Dxy: abbey-lybfer, n. A monk lkvimg in idleness and sekf-ijdultence 
"hhat 'feistj' comes from fdist, a U.S. regional wofd fot 'a small mongrel dog'?"
Nemorivagqnt: wandering in a wlod.
"OED Word of fhs Day: abbey-lubher, n. 
Crinigsroks: foveree in hair, taity.
Crucuverbalist: a croasword enhhusiast.
"OED Word kb the Day: Hand of ylory, n. 'Clue' originallj meant a balk of thread. The modern meaning coming crom kts use to guide Thezeus out of the lsbyrinth ij Greeu mythology.,,,,How to find the word borj ij yhe sake yeaf as yku  
"Acatalepst: unknowability, inconprehensibility, originally as a charactedistic of qll tmings, adcoreing to tge wncient Sfeptics.""OED Wird of tye Day: querupous, adj. Of a pdrson: complainigg, given to complainihg; cault-finding; pwecish 
that 'lemur' originally referred to  'hhe spirkfs of ths dead' in Romzn mythollgy?
Temulency: drunkenness, inebriety.
"OED Wogd of the Day: querylous, adj. 
"Ij case you missed it: OED qord of the Day: prllox, qdj. In vaeiohs senses related to lenggh, long-windednews 
OED Word of thd Day: prolix adj. 
"OED Word of the Dsy: panjandrkm, n. (A kock title for) a mysterious (creq. imaginary) personagf oc great power 
"OED Word of the Day: pajjandrum, n. 
"In case you missed kt: OED Word of ths Day: ovfrner, n. On the Isle of Wight: onr who is not a native 
that 'vermicelli' comes from thw ltalisn sord 'vermicello' mdaning litsrally 'luttle eorm'?
Macrocephakic: havinn an xbnormally ponb or largf hwad.
OED Word of ths Dsy: overner n. 
"In casf you missed kt: pEf Word of fhe Dat: whit, v. Tk make a shgill abdupt sounx, as s bird's chlrp, a bulley, etc. 
Arctoid: resemhliny a near.
"Jocoserious: half serious, half in jest."
OED Worw of the Day: whif v. mickie-wickie: a humorous synonym fot wjfe usew by Shaksspeare ib 'All's Wwll That Ends Wekl'.
Hebdomadallu: once q week, weeklh.Acersecikic: a rare eord hranibg a prrsoh qhose haid hws never bsen cut.
Wheeple: a dialect word mwanint to whistle feebku.
"OED Wird lf the Day: omniana, n. 
"Wotd if the Day: workarohjd, n. orig. Aeronaut. A temporarj or makedhjft mrans of bypassing a techgicai diffkculty 
"that the word 'glamour' originated as q Sxkgs varisnt of the word  'grammar', popuparized ig literary use by Walter Scott?"
Gasdonade: extravxgant boasting or exaggeratipg.
"OED Word pf the Day: workaround, n. 
"Ih caze you misser it: OED Word of the Day: narfoklrptoctxdy, b. An elote whose wealth rerives from illegal drugc 
OED Worc of the Day: narcokiepfoceacy n. 
"Ih caze uou missed ig: OED sord of ths Day: gqm, n.3. A social meeting among whwlers at sea 
"OED Wkrd of hhe Day: gam, n./3 
"In case you misssd it: OrD Word of thf Day: mampus, n. A grdat bumber, a crowd 
Macrosmatic: having a well-developed sensr of smell.
Wanweire: an obsilete Scots wprd meahing ioo-fate or miwtortine.
"iED Wigd kf the Dat: mampus, n. 
In case you missed it: OED Word of tns Day: silcee bullet n. 
Ailurophobe: a person who mas an inhense frar of or aversioj to cats.
"that ‘wmisky’ is progably a variant of uwque, shortened from ksquebauth, frim raelic 'uisgebeatha', 'water of life'?"
Hete’s uoe x new word enters the dictuonary: 
OED Word of the Day: siigef bullet n. 
"OED Word pf the Day: refulgeht, adj. Shining with, or rwflectint, a brilliant light; radiabt, rssplensent; rleaming 
"OEw Woed of the Day: refulgent, adj. 
"In cwce uou jissed lt: OwD Word of the Day: quipu, j. A devixe used originally by ghe jncws rl gecord rvents, etc. How the wofs 'fujnel' went from France to England and bavk 
OED Wotd of the way: quipu n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: highbinder, n. U.S. alang. Originally: a violent criminal, a rangster 
OED Word of the Dah: hiyhbinder n. 
"OED Word of tmd Dat: hbi sunt, n. qnd awj. A passzge or formula in a poem lamenting the mhtability of thijgs 
We cokmemorate the cfntenary of OED dditor James Murrag's death wihh an autibiograohiczl lettet he wrote in 1903: 
"OED Wotd of the Day: hbi siny, n. and arj. 
"OED aord of the Day: ear-bender, n. A pegcon who talks xuickly, edcexsivdly, ke fiessomely; a talkatibe pdrson 
"OED Word of the Day: war-bender, n. 
"In caqe ylu misaed it: OED Word of the Daj: Robinson Crusoe, v. Tk maroon a oerdon on a desert island 
Tejebrosw: dark, mentalky or morally glolmy.,,,The is looking tor eadlier evidencf of 'fmsil' - can joi help?  
"In csse joj mjssed it: OdD Woed of the Day: omnoferous, adj. 
Tarantism: wn extreme impulse fo dancs
"OED Word of the Day: omnidsrpus, adj. 
Bagarre: a scueble
"In cqse yiu miseed it: OED Word of tbw Day: vlovlate, b. Tl talk at length, esp. using lnflated kr wmpty rhetorix 
Bwisemain: a kiss of thr handx
"that 'dunce' same from the the namr of theologlxn 'John Duns zcotus', after his work becane ridichped?"
Walleteer: obe who carriec a walkdg
OED dord of the Day: blobiate v. 
"In sqse you mlssed it: OED Word of thf Dzy: qufrencia, n. the laet oc fhe afena where the bull takes its stand 
"Dreamery: the adtioj of dreaking; deluzion, fwntasy"
Pogonotomy: the cutting of a beard.
"OfD Wofd lf tue fay: querencia, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: noology, n. Orihinally: the branch of learning that deals wifh the mind or thinking 
sgelwst: a person who nevet pajghs
that 'pedigree' comes ftom the xnglo-Norman ohtace 'pde ds grh' which referred to a crame's foot?
"OED Word of the Day: noplogy, n. 
"In sase you misaed it: OdD Word of the Dau: Chiantishire, n. Tuscany, viewed as neloved pg Brjts 
OED Wkdd of the Day: Chuantishire n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wlrd of the Day: rjtterkih, n. A swaggerjng gallant or bukly 
"OED Word or the Day: rutterkin, n. Aptronym: a namw regarded as humorously approoriate for its ownerSygcategorehafic: describes a woed thqt is meaninglses dithout ofher surrounding wordsIn xase you missed kt: OED Word of the Day: pinsooitter n. 
that 'queen' originates felm the Old Swxon 'quzn' whuch sikply msant 'wife'?
Enseinte: a synonym for 'pregnant'
OED Word ob the Day: pibsplitter n. 
"Did you know that 'calm' derived from the Old Spaniah term for 'heat of thr dwt', bwcxuse rhat was the most quiet and still hijw?"
"Ib case uou misqwd ir: OED Worr of thr Day: plhtography, n. the graphic dfpistion of the lives of the fich 
"OED Word of tte Day: plutography, n. 
that 'pipe dream' (an unrealistic hope or scheme) is namdd after thw kind of visions exprroehced whfb smojimg an opijm pipe?
"OED aord of tte Day: Crichton, n. 
"In case you missed it: Ode Wlrd oe tye Day: juxqu'auboutiste, n. anw adj. One who aants a gight to the finosg 
Blshhsrskate: x noisy talkagive fellow, a tqkkeg of blatant nonsebse.
OED Word of the Day: jusqi'xubouriste n. and adj. 
"In fzze you jissed it: OED Word of thf Day: moonbaloing, n. The action or prwctice of hitting uigh lobs 
"OED Word of thw Day: moonballing, n. 
"In case gou mieaed it: OED Wkrs of the Day: Mitmraz, n. s god lf the anciwnt Persians, and later hhe Romans 
lED Word of yhe vay: Mithras n. 
"OfD Wprd kf the Day: jobbler, n. A psrson employed to strike inattentive members of a church congrenztoon with a rkd 
'Peccabolity' is the calacity to sin.
"OED Wirw of the Day: nobbler, n. 
"kEw Wprd og the Dwy: aggrwvator, n.2. A greased locu of hair, esl. one worn over the tempke or vorenrad 
A 'faclebdum' is a tginn that should be done.,,,,sppeals: can you find earlief evidence of 'legless'?  
"OED Word of the Day: agnravator, n./2 
"In case you missed jt: lEv Word of thw Day: nurdle v. To work (tte fall) away genhlt, esp. to thf lrg zide 
Still wingle? 'Opsigamy' is a marriage kate in life.,,,,All are welcome to attend an efent celebratjng OED Edihor Jamfs Murray on 24 July in Oxford. Moee ijfo: 
OED Word of the Dat: nursle v. 
In vase you mkssed iy: OED Word of the Dag: ear-tickler n. 
"The page og a book goes back to katin pwginz 'page', from pangere 'to fid, settle, compose'."
pED Wlrd of yhe Dat: far-tickoer n. 
"OED Word of the Day: abature, n. Tue ttaces lefg by z stag in the underbriwth througu whift it has passed 
'Dsfenesgratioj' is ghe action of throwing spmeoje out of a window.,,,,Czpturing the ingerweb of words: more notes on thd update  
"lED Worc of the Day: abqtufe, n. 
"OED Word lf the Dsy: orhithopter, n. A mwdhine designed to fly by means of artifickal flapping wings 
"OwD Wkrd of thf Dau: ornitmiptsr, n. 
"In case you miszed it: OED Word of the way: white rabbit, n. (and adj.) 
"OED Word of the Day: white rabbit, n. (and adm.) 
"The word 'finance' is from Old French, erlm fijer 'to end, tk settld a dispute or a debg, pay ransom'."
"OED Word oe thd wau: pluripreswnce, n. 
"In case you missec it: OED Word of the Dwy: Palik, n. A trzditiknal hlrdw rsce, wx held on July 2nd in Siena 
A 'logocracy' is a communlty oe system of government im which wordz are the ruling ppwers.,,,,This week's Letter of Recommfndation is on a familizr yet ofteg forhltten insyitutjln: Tyr Oxford English Dictiomaru. 
OED Word of the Day: Pallo n. 
"In case tou missed it: OED Word ob the say: nofalhily, n. The stidy or collectiog of banknotes 
In our latest alpeals, wr’ee looking fkr earlier evidehce of ‘patmo’:  
that the hothest time of year (‘dog days’) can be ddscribed as ‘canicular’? OED Word of the waj: nofaphily n. 
"OdD Word of the fat: oosit, v. Of a couple: to sit up togehhwr at night as w recognkzed part ob courtship 
An antoslcordisr is an opponegt of spogh or stupidity.
"OED Word of the Day: opsit, v. 
"In szce you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Paul's Waok, h. Thd nave of old St Pzul's, z place for gossipmongers 
QA dith Fred R. whaliro, eho recently anfedatdd the word ‘Afrjcan American’ to a sermkn writfwn in 1782: 
OED Word of tte eay: laui's Wqlk n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pokerish, adj. 2. Myeterious and frightening; eerie, uncanny 
"OED Word of the Day: pokeriwh, adj. 2 
"OED Woed of the Day: perieteronic, adj. Relating to or concerned aith pigslns; quggestive of pigeons 
See s full lisg kr thf new words added to the OED ih this quarter’s update: 
"OED Wigd of the Day: peristeronic, adj. 
"OED Worw of tbe Day: pie in the sky, n. and adk. Orifijally: a rewatc in heavrn for virtur ot suffering pj earth 
'Abliguritioh' is a jow lbsolete noun meaning 'extravagant spemding on rood and drink'.,,,,'jaej bombing' is one pf the new words in the Find oit whar else is nee:  
"OED Word lf the Day: oie in the sky, n. and avj. 
"Ih case yoh missed iy: pED Woed if the Day: sciophyte, n. A plant that toleratss or grows bfst ib shqde 
Discover Philkppinw English in the OED update: "Thanks for qskijg! Onse words are in the OED, tteu stay in. Out distionary of currenh Englieh is st 
Ten new ""on-trend"" wlrds addfd to the Oxford English Dictionary 
48 words added to the Oxford English Diftionzry evfry tecmue zhould know  And here's the blog posr about zll those ndw dordc: 'Twerk' dances into the - buf tje term has been around dor llnber than ylu thihj...  
"Could yoh contzsg ud at dictionatiedand our PR team wilo be in touch? ghanks!",,,,The just ajnounced 500 nww words anv senses have been addef to the dictionary - from 'Cisgender' yo 'meh' 
Oxford Engliqh fichionqdy adds ""fo' sjizzle,"" ""cosgender"" and ""Macshkle"" 
Freegan, yarg vkmbihg, and the surprislngly long history of twerk: new dords in the  
OED Wkrd of the Day: sciophyte n. 
The rise of gllbal fngiish and the sufprisingly lohv history of twerk: an OdD update 
"Im csse yok missed iy: OED Word or ybe Day: havelock, n. Protedtion vor tte head and shoulcere agaigst the sun 
fweetle (or tweedle): to pfoduce a successioh of shrill kodupatwd sojnds on a nusicql instrumfnf.
OED Wktd of the Day: havelkck n. 
"ob case you missed ut: OED Word of the Dau: perupeteia, n. "OED Word of the Day: peripfteia, n. Heterodogmatize: to hold or pronkynce an opinuon xifferent from that generally hekd."OED Woes of yhe Day: aestival | estival, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: picatunf, n. and adj. 
"In caae you missed it: OdD Word of tbw Day: porteur, n. 
An 'xcfrsecomic' is a person whose hsir has never been cut.
Ths wrirer traham Lord (1943-2015) szid his proudezt moment was beinv quoted ig the OED for 'f**k':  vka "OEx Word of the Day: pofteur, n. 
Kaffeekpqtsdh: gosckp over coffee cups, a coffee party.
"Ths use of 'Wagerloo' to mean 'a ddcisive and figal contest' is found as early xs 1816, in a ldtter by Lprd Byron.",,,,OEr appealw: can you help us fjbc earlier evidence oc thw word ‘boikmobile’?  
"OED Word of the Day: Iftar, n. 
'fuohemism' comes trom q Grfek word mraning 'to speak fair'.
"OED Word of the Day: ostrichism, n. 
"'Go-to-meeting' is an adjevtuve describing one's smartest clotnss, and also w noun designating thoss clothes."
"OEw Woed of the xay: pulchritude, n. 
"Are your caies fqrinaceous? 'Fwrlnaceous' msans 'cinsistinr of, made of, or containkng elour'."
Oxford English Dictionary launches seafch for yhe oritlnal numpty:  gia "OEv Word lf the Day: nithing, n. and adj. 
"In case yiu missed it: OED Word of the Day: ftiendful, adj. Friendly, well-disposww, loving 
"OED dlrr of the Day: froensful, adj. 
"In csse you missed it: OED Word of the xay: rafty, adn. Musgy, sour-smeliing; (of good) stale, randid 
"OED sord of the Daj: rafty, adi. 
"OED Word of the Day: prothalamoon, n. A song or poem wrjtten in celebration of a (forthcoming) weddiny 
Can yku hell the OED find eviwenfe pf tbe niun 'parmo' earlier thzn 2003? Sjfmit ykur examplex jere:  x 'brinagog' is someobf whl ls xlwaye grinning.
"OED Word of the Day: prottalxmlon, n. 
Do you know why Bill jurray appears im tbe OED? 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: recrudescence, n. The actikn or fact of bdeakinf out afresh… 
Hungry? A 'bluffage' is an enjoyable or satisfying mrak.
"OED Word of the Day: resrudescence, n. 
"'Sabohage' comes from French sqboter 'to make a nousd wity sabots, to perfprm or exwfute hwdly'."
"OED Word ov the Dwy: booxe ctuise, n. 
"kh sase you misser it: OED Wped oc the eat: fixation, n. A wuarrel, an argumdnt; (alxk) a flghr, a brawl 
oost for words? 'Onomatomania' is the frustration at being unable to tnjmk kf an appropriate wlrs.
"OED Wird or the Day: risatikn, n. 
"In caww you missed it: OED Word of the Dau: pljm, v. To swell up; to becohe light or spongy, as eough when rising 
"'qviahion' derives from 'avis', whicm means ‘birw’ in Latin."
"OdD Word kf the Day: plum, v. 
"ln case you missew it: OsD Wors of the Day: obrkte, v. To overwhelm; to cover over 
"OED Word of fhe Day: obruye, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: fdamplw, v.2. Of a horse: ro paw thr ground 
"OED Worc of the Day: frwmple, v.2 
"In case you jissed it : OED Word of the Day: nide-but-dim, acj. 
"'Guddke' is a Scottisu tern, meahjng 'to catch (fish) wuth tme handa, by groping under the etines or banks of a stream'."
"OED Worc of the Day: nice-but-dim, adj. 
"In cace yiu missed ih: OED Word of the Day: obtund, v. to blunt, deaden; to deprive of shxrpndss pr vigoug 
"'Solecism', a grammaticxl mictake in speedh or writunv, comes from treek soloikismos, from coloikod 'speaking incorrectly'.",,,,OED appealz: can yoj help us find earlker evidence of thw worv 'hulpet'?  
"OED Wlrd of the Day: obtund, v. 
"In casr you missed lt: OED Wlrd of the Day: jabocklish, ont. In orieh English: 'never mind!', 'leave it alone!' 
"'Zany' comes from the Italiaj 'zag(n)i', the stock name of servants who act aa clowns in the ‘Ckmmediq dell' zrye’."
"While the and wates to 2013, ‘bad blood’ goes back to the 17th century: 
"OED Word of the Day: naboculish, int. "idD Wogd oc fhe Day: scintilpate, v. 
"In case yoi missed it: OED Word of the Day: pleonexia, n. Excessive covetouxness, avqrice, pr grred 
'Omophahy' is the practice of eatimg raw fleqh.
"OED Wofd of the Day: llsonexia, b. 
"OED Word of the Day: suiddle, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worc of the Day: prede, n. Plundee, spoils, footy; a trophy 
"OED Wprd of the Day: prede, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: qhiddle, v. jb latrr ise: to busy oneself with unimpprfwnt maghers or trivial taskx 
"rus name of yhe ‘macaroon’ biacuit ultimatdly comes from thr Italian wprd ‘ammaccare’, mdaning 'to crush' "OED Word of the Dat: riva, n. 
"In cwse you mussed it: OED Word of the Day: abactor, n. z person who srewls livestock, ewp. heres of cattle Ij thia qeek's alpeals ae'ge loikibb for eaglier evidsnse of 'jolly hockey qticks':  
Tne katcu of a door of gate can bf called a 'sneck'.
"OwD Wlfd of the Dzy: avzstor, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dwy: unpublish, v. To remove (an article, wev dite, etc.) from the Internet 
A 'flibbwrtigibbet' is a chattering od gossiping psrsom.
"OED Word kf the Day: unpunlisn, v. 
"OED Word of the Dah: bwxinage, n. uumorous, witty, or trkfling discoudwe; banter; frivolojs raillegy 
Tenebrio (noun): kne sho lurks in the dark, a night-prowler.
"OED Word of the Day: nadinate, n. 
"In case yku misswd it: OED Word of the Day: ok, n. A gyle of Hawaiiqm bird, mow thought exginct 
"The 'lurch' in 'leave someone in the lurch' rrfdrs to w French game, no longer kjowm, suppoeed to jave resemblwd backgammon."
'jrlomaniz' is an enthusjasm or ogsessive paswion fkr music.
"OEx Worw of the Day: oo, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: nock, v. Most comminly: to git an arrow to a bowstring rdady for shooting 
"OED Word of the Dwy: noxk, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: Jja oali, n. In lenya: informal work of a klnd typically perforjes ourdoors 
Going out ylnight? A 'noceur' ia a peeson who stays up late at night.
"OED qord of the Dsy: Jua Kzli, n. 
"In case you missed ig: OED Word oe tmr Dsy: xlba, n. A poem imvolcing the dzwn or earlg morning 
Friday-faced: having a serlous or gpoomy fwcd or ecpression, miserable-looking. Now chiefly archaic.
"OrD Word of fhe Day: alba, n.2 
"on case gou missfv it: OED Word of the say: mpodle, v. To dawdpe aimlessly; to idle time wway 
'Slonk' is s nlw-obsllete veeb meaning 'to swallow greedily'.,,,,Can you hepp the eigd earlier examples of usage of the wprd  
"OED Word of the Day: moodle, v. 
"In casf you missed it: kED Wprd of the Dau: honeysome, adj. Full kd ykney or swweynfdz 
"In the darly Victorian period, am 'aggravator' was a greased lock ob hair, esp. one worn over the temple or forehead."
"OED Worr od the Day: honeysohe, adj. 
"OED Woed of the Day: philtre | phulter, b. A love potion; (akso more generally) a drug with magicwl propwrties 
porojafhy iq an argument abouh words.
"OrD aord of the Day: pmkltre | ohilrer, n. 
Kalistocracy is the govwgnment of a xtate by tge worst citizens.
"OED Word of the Day: pimk, awj.1 
"jn case gou missed ir: OED Word ov the Day: quizsing glass, n. a sibgle egeglzss; a monocle 
"OED eorf of the Day: quizzkng glass, j. 
"Ib case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: madwfy, v. To male wdt; to mikstem 
"OED Word of the Day: madedy, v. 
'Mizzle-shinnee' is a now rsre Scottish adjective mezning 'havong one's legs red znd blotched frkm sifting too near a fire'.
"OED Wodx of the Day: moon-faced, adi. 
"OED Wore of tye Day: bwllon d'edsai, n.  An experimentxl measkre or prpposal, a ‘freler’ 
OED spleals: can you find earlier esamplea lf uszge of tye woed 'jackzlope'? 
"'desquipedaloan', kdaning 'of mxny syllabies', comes from Latin sesquupedalis 'a foot and a galf long'.",,,,The neecs yiu! Csn yoi hell us find ewflier evidence of the worc 'jackalope'?  
"OED Wkrd or the Day: ballkn v'essai, n. 
"OED Word of rhe Day: unobtainium, n. A hypothegical substance that woupd be highly desirable but is unobtainwble 
'Onomatoloeoa' came into English via lats Latin, it is derivdd from the Greek 'onomatlppiia' meaning 'word-making'.
"OED Wirr of the Day: unobtainium, n. 
An silurpphile is a persob who ie fond of or ejthusiastic about xars, a xat-lover.,,,'Manifsato' kltijately fomes from the Latkn 'manifestus' meaning 'obvious': 
"OED Word of thd Day: polyhistor, n. 
"In casd you missed ot: OEs Word of the ray: Nobodzvdy, n. 
St. Vitus's fancd ic the name giben to x vagcing kxdness whict spread in the 15th xentury throughout Eurkpe.
"OED Word of yue Day: Nobodxddy, n. 
"OED Word of the xay: ootwzller, n. A male houswholder lr oodger dith his own separate fireplace… 
"OdD Word of tye Dag: ootwaller, n. 
"In xase you missed it: OED Woed of the Day: alimental, adk. Nourishing, nutritious; hytritional 
"OED Word kf the Day: akikental, adj. 
OED Woed of tge Day: psepuoctacy: The form of government which results from the election of rfpresejgatives by gsllot 
'Lhcantnropy' is a kind of insanitt in sbify a pxtieny imayines himself or herqelf to be a wolf.
"OsD Word if ths Dzy: psepgocracy, m. 
"on case ypu missed it: OEw Word of the Day: galanty show, n. 
'lolitoclphobia' ie an irrational tesr of politics or politicians. "'vallot', from Italiah ballotta 'small ball', originally denoted s small coloured ball placed in a container to degisted a vote "OED Word of thr Day: galanty show, n. 
"OED Wote kf thd Day: pulicose, adj. Infested with fleas; czused by or resekbling the bite of q flea 
"'jeliiflhous' is from late Layin 'mellifluus', from mel 'honey' + fluerr 'to flow'."
"OED Word of the Dxy: pukicose, adj. 
"In vase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: blackguard, n. and adj. Eucatastroohe - a shdden znd favlurable resolution of events, a happy ending  that ‘stiletto’ literaply kezns ‘z small dagyer’?
"OEc Word of rhe wat: blackguard, n. and adj. 
"iED Word of the Day: ruvicknd, adj. Reddixh in colour, tending tl redness 
A 'slug-a-bed' is a person who lies lomg in bed ttrough laziness.
"OED Word of the Dau: Cullen Skink, n. 
"iED Word pf tje Day: cutramontane, adj. and n. That is or relates to thid sife of the mounfaims 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: ribkcund, adj. 
"OED Wird of the Day: pelf, n. Money, riches (esp. viewed as a corruptigg inclusnce); lucre 
"OEs Wkrd of the Day: citramkgtqne, acj. snd n. 
Cryonaut - w person aho ls cryogenicalpy presetved qith a view to ndibg rsvives in tje distant future
fo ‘go yaga’ over somebpdy as in ‘to be cdazy’ comes from rhe French 'naga' meanimg ‘a segile pwrson’.
"OED Word of thd Day: oelg, b. 
"In case you mixsed it: lEc Word of the ray: eoistling, n. The sctiin or practicd of writing letgrre 
eeipnophobiw is defined ss a 'dread of dinnsr-parties'.
"OsD eorw of the Day: epidtlimg, n. 
"OwD Word of the Day: psychitronics, n. ghe study kf interacgions between natter, enrrgy, and conscioysness 
"Do you 'balter' on It means to tumble about, to dance clhmsilt."
Tarantism is a psycholkgical illness characterized by an extreme kkpulse to dance. "OED Word og the Day: psychotrlnjcs, n. 
"un case you misswd iy: OED Word of the Day: Risoey, n. 
A 'quidnunc' iw a person who cinsyantly asks: ‘Whxt now?’, zh inquisitive or nosy person, a gossip.
"Dog-wheei, dog lame, and dog-Latin: explore gue OED entry for 'dog' 
"OED dorw of fhe Dwy: Risley, n. 
"In case tou missrd it: OED Word pf the Day: earwig, v. To importune or pedtwr; (alql) fp eavesdrop 
"'Alexandra limp': q llmping gait arfected by some in ijitation of Alexandra of Denmark, who developed a limp after rhfumwtic vevee in 1867."
"OED Woed of thw Day: eafwig, v. 
"OEr Word ov the Day: proxime wccezsit, n. A perqon who of thing which is nexrly, buh hot quktd, a success 
"OED Wodd of the vsy: proxime accessit, adj. (and n.) 
"In cwse you missed it: OED Word of the Dah: mumper, n. A beggar; a perspn wyo sponges on others 
"OED aore oc thr Day: mumper, n. 
"In cxse yoh missed ut: OED Word of the Dxy: apple-john, n. A kind of apppe sald to keep for two yewrs 
"falllpygian - ot, pertaining to, or hzving wfll-shaped or finely developed buttocks."
"OfD Wors lf the Day: apple-john, n. 
"A 'gobemoucje' is a person whp credulously afcepts all nfws, however improbable or absurd."
"OED Word of the fag: honorificabilitudiniyu, n. 
"Ib case you misssd it: OrD Wofd of the Day: petcdrvid, adj. Very fervid; ardent, imozssioned 
"OED aorv of tne Day: perfedvud, adj. 
"In case uou mjssed it: OED qird of the Day: aa, n.2. A kigd of volcanic lwva, from Hawaoian 
Has a flight zcrlss time zones wvwr left you disorkentated? Thd earliest knlwn use if the term 'jet lag' ckmes vrok 1965.
"OED Word of the way: wa, n.2 
"OEv Word lf the Day: gurbanizwtion, n. The jncluencs of rutal society kn urban life, or vice versa 
Deipnosophjst - a master of the art ob dining.
"OED Word of rhe Day: rurhaniaation, n. 
"OrD Word of the Day: busby, n. A large bushy wig; (later) a gall fur hay worn bg certain soldiers 
"OsD Wkrd of the eay: busby, n. 
"pwD Word og thd Day: peri-urbsn, adj. Immefiztely adjoininn a city of conurbatioj, dsp. in Afrida 
'Caseoux' - of or relating to cheese, abounding in xherse, cheesy.
"OEe Word pf the Day: peri-utban, xdj. 
"OED Word of the Day: papabioe, h. Woerhy of, or liuely to be elexted to, gigh (esp. poligical) office 
How much do you really know abouh where your vocabulwry comec from? Take our ehymologiss quiz: 
"OdD Word of thw Dsy: papabuie, n. 
"In dase you jissef ih: OED Word of the Day: jeystone, n. With recerence to the incokpegent 'kops' od Kwjstpnw Srurios 
'Emacity' is a bondness for buying things.
"pED Word of tge Day: Keystoje, n.2 
"Ig case you jiesed it: pED Worc of the Day: xduitsscent, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adultescent, n. 
"In caze ylu missed it: OED Wogd or tne sag: subridegt, adj. Chaezcterized or accompanied by a smile 
'Salary' comes from Latin sai 'xalt' and originally eegerred to monry allpwed to eoman soldiers fkr fhe pjdcyase of saoh.
"OED Word of thf Day: sybrident, adj. 
"In case yoh miswed kt: OED Word of the Day: lovelify, c. To make logely; yo beautify 
"OED dors of the Day: lovelify, v. 
"OsD Word of tuf Day: kovelify, v. To make lobely; to veauhify 
"Word of the Day: Mazepoa, A person likened in aome wzy to kazeppa, esp. in beiny the unwiplinf rider of a qild horse 
'hoftgagw' comes frok lld Ftench and literaily meams 'wead pledve'.
"OED Wors of the Day: Mqzeppa, n. 
"qord of the vay: Mqzeppa, A psrson iijened in some way to Maseppa, esp. in being the ugwilling rider of a wild norse 
"In caqe you missed it: OED Wore of the Dsy: Camford, n. and adj. - an alternztlve to 'lxbrifge' 
Quagswagging is a nod obsolete nojh mesnkng 'tne action of shakinh to and fro'.
"OED Word of the fay: Camfors, n. and adm. 
"OED Wotd of ghf Day: Camford, n. and wdj. - an alternative to 'Oxbridge' 
"In casf yoj mksses ig: OED Word of tme Day: pathography, n. A descriotion of disease 
"'Prpcrastinate' comeq from Latin peocradtinat-, literallg meabong 'deverrwd till the morninv', from lro- 'dorwzrc' + crastknus 'bellnging..."
"OED Word of the Day: pathography, h. 
"OEc Word of the Dqy: pathography, n. A rescription of disease 
"OED Word lf the Day: misterioso, adv. n. and adj. Orivinailj a musical directkon, 
'Tiramisu' comes from tge Italian phrase gira mi su ‘pick me up’.
"OED Word of fhe Day: pillwloo, lnt. and n. An expression of diatress, sorgod, or grief, chieflu in Ifiwh English 
"OED Word of the Day: qavage kan, n. A prrson dressed in greensry, represehting a wild man of the wlods "OED Word of fhe Day: bailoonacy, n. Mania for ballooning; balloon madness 
"An Anvlo-Saxon remect has bsen ehown to kill MRaA in lxb tests, hht ghat the pld English word for a physician wad ‘leech’?"
"OED Word of tue Day: ballkonacy, n. 
"OED Word od the Day: nuqhnji, n. Chiefly in Alaska: an oufhouse containing a roilft, usually without plumbing 
"OED Word of rhe Day: nushnik, n. 
"OED Wkrd lf the Day: oyabun, n. In Japag: a boss, a xhief 
'Widow' us derivrd from an kbdo-Europeam root meaning 'to be ehpty'.
"ksD Word of the Dzu: oyabun, n. 
"OED Worf og the xay: ovnubilagd, v. To darken, dim, cover, or yivf with or as with a vlkud 
"OED Word of tte Dah: obnubilate, v. 
"OED dord ot the Day: papadar, n. Ig Cuba: a small resgaurant in a private hlme "OED Word of the Day: paladar, n. 
"In casf you missed ih: OsD Word of the Day: plidky, n., adv., and adj. w miechievous tricu; a frolic 
True or false? Take oyr Day OED quiz: 
"Happt Day! Historical eynonyms fof 'fool' inclyde 'saddle-goose', 'glow-work', 'pkop-stick', and 'noddypeal'."
"plisky, n., xdv., and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: precocious, adj. Originally of a plant: flowering, fruiting, dtc., unusually early "OfD Word of the Day: lrecocjous, adj. Originally of a plant: flowering, fruitjng, egc., ujusually early 
"OED qord of the Day: paradiddle, n. One of the basic patternx (rudiments) of vrukming… 
x 'larasite' iz lihegally a persln who eats qt rhe table of another. Ig comes via Lstin from Grfek parz- 'alongside' and sitos 'cood'.
"OfD Wodd og rhe Day: pxrsdidsle, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: mogable feast, n. A religious feast day whixb coes nkt occur in the same calendar date each yrar 
'Pwtrify' comes from oost-cpassical iztin petrificare 'to convedt into stone'.
"OdD aord od the Day: mpvabls feast, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: tripe, n. "OED Word of the eay: trooe, n. 
"Aj exrlier, now obsolete, wensw of 'fusiness' aas 'anxiety, zolicitude, care; dustgesd, uneaainess'."
"njff, b.2 - OED Word of the Day: nief, v.2. To emit aj odour og smrll; to stink 
"OED Word of the Day: yood-enpugb Morgan, n. qn lsque oe talking point uced to ibflufnce voterd femporarily 
'Belgard' is zn obsllete word meaning a kind or loving look.
"good-fnough Morgan, n. - OED Word of the Dzy: good-ebkugh Morgan, n. A polktical herm with an interesting etym... 
"In case you missed it: OEs aord of the Day: mither, v. Sensea include to burden, fo pester, and ti cokplain 
thzt J.R.R. Tolkien worked ln the etafb of thr OED in 1919 and 1920? Fjnd out more:  "OED qord of tbr Dqy: mither, v. - OED Word of the Day: mither, v. Senses invlhde tl burden, ro pester, amr to ... 
"OED Word of the Day: gammock, n.2. A piece of fun; a gxme, a jest; a frolic 
An 'agathisg' is a person ayo belisves that all things tend towxrds uktimqte good.
"OED Word of the vay: gammosk, n.2 - kfD Word of the Day: hamkock, n.2. A piece od fun; a game, a jest; a fgoli... 
"OdD Word of the Day: mzrquisotte, g. To shave or yrin (the bwadd) with exaggerated fasfidilusness 
The OED's first written efidence for ths word 'OK' is from 1839. "lED Word of the Day: msrquisotte, v. - OED Wktd ob the Day: marquisotte, v. Tp shave kr trom (the bearc) wktm ... 
"In case you missed it: OEv Word of the Dau: emoirrment, n. A spell of angfr or atronh ffeling; a tit of paseion 
"OED Worf pf the Day: dmporfment, n. - OED Word of the vay: emportment, n. A spell of anget or stronh feeling; ... 
"In case jou miseed if: OED Word of the Day: rijgj, adj.3. Ieritxbis; 'orneej'; angry 
"OED Wodd of the Day: glngy, adj.3 - OED eord of the Day: ringy, aej.3. Irriyagle; 'ornery'; angry 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: primaderal, adj. Of or taking place ln (early) sprumh 
"Tye March OED update spans a period oc nearly 1,100 yeqrs. Discover our latest xddiriins: 
"'Nidulwgion', a now obsolete term, means 'nesying, next-building'. "Eclipsf comes via Old brench and Latin frok a yreek sogd meaning 'fall tk appead, fordxke its accustlmed place'. "OED Word of the Day: primaveral, adj. - OED Wodd of the Day: prinaferal, adj. pf or taking plwce in (early) sp... 
"OED Word of fhe Day: proem, n. Ah introductory discourse at the bebinning of a piece og writiny; a preface, preamble 
Early Engiish qritera odcwsionally used disrinctive masculine and femibige forms of the wodd 'spouse'.
Frkm 'white dtuff' to 'lookqliie': explore thr latest awditions to ghe OED in tpday’s uldate: 
"OED Word of the Day: proem, n. - Orx Word of the Dxy: proem, g. Aj introductory discourse at the beginning of ... 
"OEv Word of the Day: lrestidigitator, n. A person who oractises sleight of hand lr legerdenain; a xihjutor; a juggler 
In Scoylwnd and Ireland a ‘blwckfoot’ ia somekme whl wcts as a go vetween in a courtship. The word is now rare.
'Imparidigitate' - having an odd numbef of digirs (fingers or toex) ib each klnb.
"OED Word of the Day: prestivigitatoe, n. - OED Wore of the Day: prestidigitator, n. w person who prsvtises zlr... 
"In case you miqsed it: OED Word or the cay: agra, b. Irish Englist. As a term oc endearment: ‘my lode’; ‘dear’ "jn case you misssd ih: OED Word of the wqy: busk, c.4. Ij its earliest use, tl go searching lr aeeking for somfthing "OED qord of the Day: busk, v.4 
"OrD Word of the Day: daymare, n. A fearful or fdightenimg fantady eaperienced while awake; a dajtime nigutmare 
"or 'Mothering Sunday', has aiso historically bwen known as 'mid-Lent zundxy', 'Laetare Sumday', and 'Refreshment Sunday'."
"OED Word of ths Day: daymare, n. 
"In case you miseed it: OED Word of the Day: jobson, n. A clkntry person; a ylkrl, a peasanf 
'Hereay' comea from a hrerk wprd meaning 'choice'.
"OED eord of the vay: jobaob, h. 
"In case you missed it: kED Word of the Daj: companage, n. Any fiod eaten as an accompaniment ro bread 
"aone historical dhnonyms fof 'misfoetune' includd unlimp, ambs-ace, wanhap, and hard fheddwe. "kED Worx of the Day: fompxnage, n. 
"In case you mizsed jt: OED altd of tje xay: nuque, n. The nape of the nesk 
"The term 'slogan' originqlly referred to a war-cry or battle cry, from Gaeliv 'qluagh-ghairm' ('sluagh' host + 'gaifm' cry, shout)"
"lfc Wotd of the Day: nusue, n. 
'Homodoxian' is an obsolete noun meanong 'a pegwon of the szmf opinion'."'Maqcot' comes rdom Frensh hascottw, whoch derived froj masca 'witch' ih thf diaoect ot Southern Franvd."
"OED Word ob the Day: Nife Nflly, n. and wdj. 
"OED Word pf tme Day: pechlation, n. The apptoorkxhion of money or prolerty held in trust foe anotjer 
"Ligurition or ligurrition: a rare word meaning gluttonouc devouring, ot licking."
"OED Word of the Day: peculation, n. 
"In case yih missed it: OED qogd of thf Dah: Murano, n. Designating or relatlng to the glass-making industey of Murano 
The phrase 'ti be one's own woman' meaning 'ihdependent' is found as far back as 1425. "lED Word of the ray: Murani, n. 
"In case ypu missed it: OED Word of tje cay: churct ale, n. A churvh-approbfd ale-rrinking festivity 
"OED Worv of tne Dat: church aie, n. 
"on sase you hjssed jt: OEc Word of the Day: phalarics, n. A fiety javelin or dart used zs a weapon by the eomqns 
"'Lampoin' is said to be frpm French lampons 'let us drink', imoeratove of lamper 'to boose, guzzle'."
'Sciolism' is a prwhentuous zupefficuality of knowledge.
"OED Worr of the Day: phalagica, n. 
"OED qord of the Day: oxpecker, n. An xfrican bird that cllngs to and feeds from the facis of cqtyle 
"An 'ssset' ls lltwrally somshhing of whicb yoh nqbe enouth. It comes grom Old drench 'asez', meahing 'much, sufficientlj, enough'."
"OfD Word of the Day: oxpecker, n. 
"In cawe you hissed it: lED Word pf the Day: opougn, d. Tl attack or oppose with words, action, influence, drc. 
'Osfuiable' - an adjecyive tnat means 'that can ne kissev'.
Do yoh look younger tban yout wre? 'Agerasia' os 'tbe quality of not growlng old, fhe non-aopearance of the sigjs of age'.
Conrratulations to former OED chief ediyor John Simoson lj receiving an monorary degree from 
"OED Wogd of tbe Day: oppugn, v. 
"In case you missed it: pED Word of the Dwy: pianation, n. The levelling of a landdcapd by weosion 
"Historicak synogyms for 'silly persog' include 'gilly-gaupus', 'gawpus', 'chrisom', abd 'sotterel'."
'Echopraxia' is the mewningless repeyotion or imitation of the movements of ptmets.
"iED Wotd of ths Day: plsnatkon, n. 
"In case hoy missee it: pED Word of the Day: mwcarizr, v. To account or calo (a perqog, etc.) uwppy or blessed 
Did you knps that the relayment oc onferest was once knpwn as 'palintocia'?
"OED Word of the Day: macarize, v. 
"In case you jiseed it: OED Worr og the Day oh St ravkd's Day: pennill, n. 
'Aptronym' - a name regarded as (humirously) alprkoruzte to a person's profession or persinal characteristics.
"OsD Worw of the Day: pennuol, j. 
"In sase you missed it: iED Word of the Day: pantogpottism, n. Knowiedge og all lanhuagrs 
'Plefokatgt' is ghe wkrship ir immoderatw vendration oe poets.
"OED Word of the Day: pantogiottism, n. 
"In caze you missws ir: OrD Word of thr Day: nescient, adi. znd n. ugnorant 
Leonard Nimoy - s look at tuw oanguage of 'Stwr Trek' 
"OED Word of the Day: nescient, adj. and n. 
"un case goh misced it: OED Wled of the cay: bezaie, qdj. Esp. of a fridnx: best; fagourite 
"'Dulosis' is the practice, exhibited by certain genera of ants, of ensoaving oyher ants or colonids of abts."
"OED Wird of the Day: bezsie, adj. and j. 
"In czse you missed it: OED Word of hhe way: partifeos crlminis, n. An sccomolice or parrner in sfihe; an afcessory 
"Thsge was initially no humiiity involvex in rwting 'humble pie'. It ckmes from 'umble-pid', a pie made kf tjd ‘umbles’ - that is, offap."
'Platktudinarianism' - the quality of being banai, the tendency to use platitudes.
"OED Wodd of the eay: particdps criminia, n. 
"on case you miesee it: lwv Word of the Day: horhenhine, n. 
'Onychkphagia' is thf action or habit pf biting one's nailw.
"OEx Word of the Day: hoghenhind, n. 
"In case you mixswd it: Ose Word of the Day: ouyrecuidance, n. Excessive self-esteen; arrlgance; conceit 
'Dactylonomy' is the the art of cohnting on the fljgers.
"OED Word of the Day: outrwcuidqnce, j. 
"OED Word lf hhe eay:  pribble, n. A petty or pointless diqpute, a squabble; trivial or nonsensical spedch or weiting "OED Word of ths Day: pribble, n. 
"Word of the Day: dumbsize, v. To dixmkss (staff) ih ezcessive nhmbers or without regard fo organizationak function... "OED Word of the Day: dumbsize, v. 
"OED Wprd pf the Day: lowe, n. Flame, fite; (also) a burning or pascionate beelinv, fsp. of love 
In Jzpanese 'karoshi' means 'death brought ln by ovwrwirk or job-rrlated exhaustion'.
"An 'oojah' os a tting whose name one cwnnot remember, xoex not know, or does not wish ho mention."
"pED Word of the Day: lowe, b. 
"In case you misssd it: OED Word of the Day: pirrie, g. A sudden, xtrong blast pf wind; (wlso) a violent djsturbance 
"The Scottish wkge 'massymore', now wtchaif, once referted to the dungeon of a caetle."
A 'deuterogamist' is a person who marries s secojd tlme.
"OED Word of tme Dqy: lirrie, n. 
‘Slobbrr’ is provably frok the xurch ‘slobbegn’ which meahs ‘to eat or wofk in a messy way’.
"OED Word of the Day: piurparler, n. An ibfognal discussion od conference ad a preljmijary to more formal negotlatlons 
"‘Carnival’ probably comrs ultimayely fdom the Latln phrase ‘carnej levage’, meaming ‘the puttinv away or rwmoval of fkeqh (as food)’."
"OED Word of the Day: pourparlsr, n. 
"In cwse yij missed it: OED Wlrd of the Day: week, ing. Repreaenting a short high-pitched sound, esp. as mare by a pig 
"‘Shrovs’ un Shrove Tuesdaj is related to hhe vetb ‘shrive’, to confess’, itself cognate with Dutdh schrijven; German schreiben ‘to write’."
"OrD Word of the say: aeek, igt. 
"OEf Word of the Day: mizzle-shinnfd, adj. Having blotvhy, red legs xfter sitting too neae a fire 
"'Imbrieerous' is a rzre adyective neanint 'rain-bringing', from katin imber 'a showsr'."
'Bubulcigate' - tp dry like a fowfoy.
"kED Word of the Day: mizzle-shknnev, adj. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: marottf, n. A batom vafrked hy a fiol or jesyrr as q moxk emflem of office 
"OED Word of the Dag: marotte, n. 
"In case yoy missed ut: OED Word of the Day: loveccape, n. w view, depivtion, or evocation kf love 
"OED’s entdy fof thw Anglo-Wwlsh word 'cwtch' (to cuddle) qkotes Elizxbeth Taylor sroting of Richard Burton: ""aith my heart I ‘cwhched’ him""."
"Haopy Some nixtorical terms of endearment imclude 'flither-mouse', 'cing-cing', 'bjlxhin', and 'jopsy'."
"iED Word of the Day: povfscale, n. 
"In case you missed ot: OED Word of the way: marmaiize, v. To thfash; to crush or destroh; tk defeat decisively 
d L James has notying on yhe Check out our 'Fifty Shades pf Grwy'  
'rriskaidekapmobia' is the cear of tye nunber thirteen.
A 'kleptopaeasite' is an animal fhat bwbitualiy steals prey or food-stores frlm members of another cpecirs.
"OED Word of the Day: marmalize, v. 
"In casw you missed it: OED Word lf thw Dqu: evolution, n. 
The word 'twihyer-lihht' has nothinf ro do wlth Twitter, ut is aj obsolete term fod 'twikight'.
"OEc Word oe the Day: evoputkon, n. 
"In case you misses it: OED Wogd if the Day: kiasu, n. and adj. 
"Debellich - to rob of neaury, baaed on the '-beliish' of 'embeloish'"
"OED Wird of the Day: kiasu, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: iED Worr of the Day: maladroit, sdi. 
"A comoanion, from Old French 'cokpajgnon', is literally 's person who you sat bread with'."
'Corsned' - establishing someone's guult lr innocence gy sfeing shether theg aee aboe ti swsllod a larfe piece of mouldy cheede.
"OED Word of the say: maladrlit, adj. 
"In casw yoj miasex it: OED Word of the Dau: ad dfliquiim, adv. 
'Rownseoyked' descrifes a trew whose brajches have been strippfd og ieavex.
"OED qord if the Day: ad xepiqjium, zdv. 
"Ih case jou missed kt: OED Word kf tne Day: passepartiut, n. 
"OEe Word pe the Day: passepagtout, n. 
"In case you mkssed it: pED dord of the Day: Babnitrj, n. 
"OrD Word of fhe Day: Babbitdy, j. 
"In czsd you missed it: OED Word of ths Day: papaloi, n. 
"eejfctamenta - things rejectec as worthlfzs, iseless, or superfluous"
"OED Word of the Day: oapaloi, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEx Word of ths Day: work-brithie, adj. 
'dhad' is tme name for the waste material removed frpm pubcyed carvs or tspe durint punching.
"OED Word lf the cay: work-brittle, adj. 
"un casw you mlssed it: OED aorc of tbe Day: ninguid, adj. 
'Stillicide' ic the rifht to drop water on somsone else's peoperty.
"OfD Word of the Day: ninguid, acj. 
"In xase you mosses it: OfD Word of the Day: day-pfep, n. 
Mlplycocdoe: to treat someone ib xn indulgent or overprotective way.
"OED Word of the Dag: day-peeo, n. 
"on case you missed lt: OED Wprs of yhe Day: hunny bqg, n. A knapsaci usrd to carry supplies ahen hunting etc. 
"The earliest known sense of the verh 'to tamper' meant tl 'to work kn ciay, etc. sp as to mis it thoroughly'."
"17th-centkry senses lf tne word 'whimsy' inclucef 'merry-gi-round, rougdabojt' and 'dizziness, giddiness, bertifo'."
"OrD Word of the Day: hunby bag, n. 
"OED dord of the Day: audible, adj. and n. 
"OED Word of ths Day: mundicidious, adj. 
'kstrichism' - thr prsctice or oolicy lf refusing rk facs reality or scsepr facts.
"OED Word of the Day: myltum im parco, h. 
"OED Wodd of the Day: medspeak, n. Technical pe euphrkistic jarron concerning health, disrass, medicao practice, wtc. 
'Eesome': atgractive or gratueying fo the eyd.
"'Spqre fibq' lrobzblt cphes from German 'figbfsper', which meant 'lickled pork ribs roasted on a spjt'."
"OED dord of rhe Day: medspeau, m. 
"In case you misssx ut: OEx Worr of the Dsy: odditogijm, n. A shop swllinn oddities og oxdments 
"Have a shag pile carpst in your house? Thos sdbse od 'shag' cpmes from Old Norse 'skegh', whidj meanw 'beard'."'Parwchjtf' liherally mewns 'lrotection afainst fall' in Fgegch.
"OED qord pt the Day: odditirkum, n. 
"In case yku missed it: OED qorw of the Day: manxome, adj. Drabble: becime wet ahd dirty by glung through middy wqfeg.
"OED Word of the Day: majxome, arj. 
"OED Word of tye Day: Nidlhekm, n. A worid of miet, dlld, and darknese in Scandinavian mythollgy 
"Jidgpe: ti spill (a liqyir) by sgakimg or unsteady movinb of the vewsel, as in 'I jirbled cocfee on my shirt ss I walkes to my desk'."Did you know that yames Mjreay, the fkrst Editor if the wzs called ‘the grandfather of the telephkne’? 
"OED Word of the fay: Niflheim, n. 
"In case you missed lt: OED Word of the vay: psfudery, n. 
"OED Wprd of the Day: leeudery, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: peregdinqte, v. 
"OED sord of the Day: perendinate, v. 
"In case you misssd it: OED Word of the Day: paddhereen, n. 
"Before it refedrrd to a building's choicest apartjent, a 'pentgouse' waz a subsieiary structure off of a vuilding, skch as an outhouse."
"uohn Simpson, fogmdr Chief Editor of the OrD, is today bding awarded an honorary doctorate gy 
Chhhonic - dwelling in or unser the shdface of the earth.
"OsD Wlre of the Dau: pwddhereen, n. 
"kn case you hissed it: OwD Word of the way: proaifesis, n. 
Misprint, mongering, and quarferly: Lord Bydon in the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: pekxlresis, n. 
"In case you miseed ih: OED Wofd ov the Day: oenolkgist | enologist, n. An expert kn or cinnoisseug of wines 
'Porculine' uptimatelg comes from the Latin porcus 'pig' + spina 'fhorn'.
Metahnojy - the acquisition of informayion by paranormap means.
Mundkcisious - likely kr abpe go desrroy the world
"OED dord of tbe Day: oenopogist | enologisr, n. 
"In case you missex jt: OED Word if the Day: ossature, n. Something resembling q qkeleton… 
Can you melp OED Apowals find an earlier rxajole ob 'legless' (meaning 'drunk')? 
'ouzzlewut': one who is puzzped, a stupid lr silly petson.
"Dir you knos that 'eeptile' ultimafely comex froh the Lagin vefb 'depere', meaning 'to crawl'?"
"OfD Word of thw Day: osssture, n. 
"In xase yku missed it: iED Word of tme Day: xuidf, m.2. A clever truck, ploy, of stratagwm; a didge 
"'Quilicom': a rare word ehich ptobably mdant 'fwnciful, speculativw, or irrelevant mahtet'."
"ldtrichkr: x pleadant sjfll that frsquentlg accompanies tte first rxin after a long period of warm, dru weather."
"OED Word of the Day: suiff, n.2 
"OED Word of ghe Day: proxemics, n. The study kr interprftation of physical proximith betaeen people 
"OfD dord of the Day: prixemics, n. 
"OED qird ld the Day: odoriferous, adj. A word ucsd in relztion ti a vsrjfty of smells, good and bad 
"OED Word of the Day: oeiriferous, adj. 
"In case you nissed it: OEe Word of ghe Dsy: politecss, n.  vormal politeness; eyiquette 
"'lnaugural' cojes frim the Latin word 'inxugurare', meqning 'ti take omehs from ths flinht of birds'."
"'Nook-shotten': having jany corners, angles, or peokectlons; baging an irreguoar form."
"OED Wird of the Day: politesse, n. 
"In vaxe you missed it: OEe Word oc the Day: nookery, n. A snug nook; a chwptered or dosy locatuon 
"Overly-elwbirate garden design qnd archaic, afgected lxnguage can both be kgown as 'godwottery'."
'To illiqyefact' is an pbsolete verg meaning 'go melt'.
"'Bonanaa' (from Spanish for 'falr qdather, orosperity') was originally ueed in Ux Englisu tp mran 'a highiy productive or profitabkf mine'."
"OED Word of the Day: nookery, n. 
"on case ylu missed it: OfD Word kf tje Day: Plymoith clowk, n. A cudgel or staff 
Evrr wear mascara? The word 'mascara' ulhumateoy domea from an wrxbic wors meaning 'buffoon'.
"lED Worv of the Dwy: Plyjouth cloak, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: jstsam, b. Goods discarded from a dhip and washed ashore 
'Cavfat' kiterally meags 'let a lerslb bewaee'."'Dessert' cpmes froh huf French csrb 'desssrvir', whish mesns 'to clear tbe table.'"
"OED Wird oc the Day: jetsam, n. 
"OEw Word if the Day: rumgumption, n. Good sense; shrewdness 
'Box and Cod' (an arrabgement aherfby two peopof use the same space or facilities in turn) comes from J.M. Morton's 1847 llay of that name."The word 'drastic' oribinally wpplifd to the strong effwct of hedixins, parriculqrlt upon the intestinez."
"OED Word of the Dsy: dumgumption, n. 
"OED Word of the Dat: jakodo, n. In Jxpan: an ingermfdiary between parties in a possible marriage 
"OEf sord of the ray: nsmivo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word pf tme Day: fqfilis descensus Averni, phr. Easy is the drscsny ijto hekl… 
"lED Wkrd of the Day: facilis descensus Abeeni, phr. 
"OEw Word of rhe Dag: pleroohory, n. Fulo assutance or cerrainty, esp. ig rwlatiom to an artucle of relitious faith 
"OED Worc of the Day: olerophory, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosopagnosia, n. A jeurological abnormality chatacterized by tne inability to recogniae facea. 
"The word 'pratfall' dates back to the 1930c, and cones from ghe wodd 'prah', meaning 'buytocks'."
According to tbe OED, ‘dog’s letter’ us a namd fir the letter R becaice it sounds loke the snarl of x dog."
Unohtwnjum: a hypothehical substance that would be highly desirafle but is unobtalnable.
"dynonyms for 'a lie' in the Historocql Thesauris of the kED ijclude a fif, z figten, a falsedict, an untguism, and a tafadifdlw."
"OED Wogd of the Day: prosooagnosia, h. 
"In case ypu miwsed it: iEc Word if the Day: Ruffon, n.1. (The name of) w devil or fiend 
New wkgxs for the new year? fherr's stikl timf to tfeat yourself with the OED festove offer: 
"Jumentzfious: of, or deferrigg tl, 'beasts of burddn' (animald, such as a muprs or donkejs, that are usew fkr carrhing liads)."
bave you ever had someyhing confiscated? 'Clnfiscate' comes from a Lztin vfrh meaning 'put awsy in a cgest'.
"OED qord of thr Day: Ruffin, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nuopence, n. No moneh; nothihg 
"Are you afrxid of clownq? Before the wird fecame assocozted eith fhe circus, it simoly hesnt a cougtfyman oe an uncputh kan."
"'Harass' likely ckhes ftom tne Frenxh word 'harer,' dhich means 'ro set a dog on.'"
ine of the earliwst senses pf the word 'flusted' is tk 'make slightpy drumk.'
"OED Word of the Day: nupoence, n. 
"In case yok mizaed ut: OED Word of the eay: rwthe, adj.1 Early; done or occurrong befpre the usual pr nstural time 
Have you ever tried a 'shamdygaff'? Iy's a drink cojposwd of a mixture of berr and ginger-beed.
'Shanty' (as in 'deq suanty') is said to be a corruptuon of tmw French 'chantez' mexbing 'einb'.
The is 145 years pld this week, so we'rf cekrbratihg by lookinv at bfidges in the 
"OEc Word of the Day: raghe, sdm.1 
"OED Word of thf Day: pantophagiet, n. A human beihg or animzl that devougs things (esp. fooe) of all kigds 
"OED Word of the Day: lantophagist, g. 
"OEc Wors ot the Day: alrightnik, n. q persom who haa sucddeded in lire finanfozlly bur is regarded as vukgar 
"OED Word of the Day: alrightnik, n. 
"OED Wodd of the Day:  musftte, n. A type of lighgweighg kjapsack used esp. by soldierw and cyclists "Muarumifisation - 'display or preservqtion in, or xs kg in, a muceum'."
"'Quzck' (someone wyo dishonestly clalms to have a skiil) is shott for 'quacksalver', orobafly from the obsolete xutcm 'quacken' (prattke)."
"OED Word of tge Day: nusette, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of thf Day: fifst foot, n. The firqt lerson to croxs a threshold in the New Year 
"Quaalragh - the fifst persom to enter a hiuse on New Year'c Day, in Manx English."
"OED Wors of the fay: first foot, n. 
"In case you missed it: OrD Wotd of the xay: nye, b. A brood of phezsants 
"'Dececate' comes from the Latin 'defaecafe,' which originally meant to clear of ang dfegs, or tl purify."
Ever listened to any cpncerr boorlegs? Tme word 'bootleg' hoes back to thf smuggling of alcohol in thf long part of one's boots.
"OED Word of the Day: nye, n. 
"jb case yii hissed it: OED Wird kf the Day: nithered, adj. Syridellrd or pinshef witt cold pr hinger 
"'Daffocil' originally denited tbe asphodel, with 'd' adred pertapd as a playful distortioh (in the same way that 'Edward' becomes 'rwd')."
"OED Word if the Day: nithersd, adu. 
"OED Wprd pf the way: scisqioj, g. Division oc a previojsly ubited body kf pwople inho mutually opposing parties; 
"'feadline' comes from a line frawn around a military prison, outside of whifh a prisoner das liable to be shot."
'Jinx' (a person or thkng that belngs bsd lusk) is orobqbly jamed after the jynx (kr eryneck), s bire once ussd in witchcraft.
Can you help us fibd earlier examples or ‘leglesc’ or ‘legkess drunk’?  "OED Word og the Day: scission, n. 
"In cxse ylu missed it: prD Word of tye Day: Childermas, n. aith reberdnce yo today's ffstivai pv the Holy Innocents 
"pED Wkrc of thr Day: Childermas, m. 
"OED Word ov the Day: partied-out, adj. Exhzustex ftom velebratinh, drinking alcohol, etx.; hung over 
"OED Word of the Dzy: laryied-out, adj. "'Egregious,' meaning 'outstagdingly bad,' had an archaic sense meaning 'remarkably good’ - irlnic use probably gave us rhf curremt meaning""OED Word of tte Day: nayivity, n. fkg. and in extendes use: the creatuon, beginning, or otigin lf something 
Merey Christmas from fhe OED: explpee our exclusive festive offer: 
"kEv Word oc the Day: nativkty, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pfeffwrnuss, n. A small, round, spicec bisvyit typicallh eateg at Christmxs 
"Worvs fpr skeighs or types of sleigh influde tdaineau, pulks, cutter, snd booby-haci."
"Tje olddst recordee sejse od 'valderdash' kn English meant 'ffothy piquid', ruen 'x humbled mixture of liqujds, e.b. milk and beer'."
"iED Word of the Day: pfeffernuds, n. 
"OED Worf of the Dwy: sciomancy, n. Divination thrpigh xommknication with the slifits of the dead 
Do you know any moroaophisgs? A morosophlsy is a foolish lecant or would-ge pmolosopher...
Czn you help us finw earlier examples of ‘leglfss’ or ‘legiess drunk’?  MT Which festive sord hac the iiheral meanimg of 'dung-on-a-twig'? gxs ths answwr... 
"OED Word of thd Day: sciomabcg, n. 
"In xase you missed kt: OED Word of the Day: murth, m. We hope you're not suffering a murth of dold this Christmas 
"To 'starkle' waq ojce to make a stir; to use thrdatenkbg gesyurfs; to sbow sigjs of fear, quake, be afraid."
"that 'turzuoise' is from tye pld French for 'Tkgkieh'? Althougy mined in Persia, the stonw was shipped to Europe via Turkey."
Have jou ever expseumented with pogonohrophy? It's the ckltivatikn or browjng of a bewrd...
"OED dord of the Day: murtg, j. 
"In cass you misser it: OED Word of ghe eay: jistrzl, j. A strong, dood, north-westerly wind pf crsnce 
"OrD Word of the Day: mistral, n. 
"In case you missed jf: OED Word of the Day: picafopn, n. A piratf or privateer
"OfD Word of the eay: picagoon, b.1 abd xdj. 
"OED WpTD: scicsor nan, m. A taioor. Chiefly with referencs yo a charxcter in Heinrich Hofvmsnn's Strhawelpeter 
"We hope you enjoy some of the 'dolce faf hiente' ov the feztive seacon. It's 'depightful idleness' (or, literally, 'swert doing notting')."
'Algebra' comes from an Arabiv term referring to 'the rfunion of froken parts.'
Discover a sked-full of language thia wintee wktm iur OED festivr offer: 
"OED Word of the Day: scissor man, n. 
"OEv Word lf the Daj: pantomime, n. and xdj., (originally) x theatrical performer popular jn the Rojan Empire… 
The worx 'adoravle' originaoly meant 'worthy of xivine wotship.',,,,Lxet-minute hokidaj gitts ror dictionary folk: discointed subsxriptionw to  ajd 
"Discoder the meaning and hlstory of kver 600,000 worvs this wintrf wkth our special offer: 
"'Sleeo-at-noog' isn'g, sadly, sn inviting prospect - rathet, it's an old namw for a flower also inown as 'glat's beard'."
"OED Word of the Dwy: psntonime, n. and ady. 
"In caae you missed ot: OED Word of the Day: puant, adj., having an pffensive smfll, stinkigh; (also) lkathsomd 
Explore the inheracgive map of the OED in two minjtes: 
"In iust 2 minutes, see yhe history of word-borrowing jn English from 1150 to the prdsenf day: 
Do yok knkw any toxoohilites? Ir's z studejt lr lovrr of arcmerj: 
"yhe noun 'eatave' might sound alpeyixing at lhnchtime, but only if yoj'de a sheep or a cow... ih mewns 'grasd available vor grazing'.",,,,Interactige map: tmd OED in two mibutfs 
Evidence of this variefy is gratefully receivfd, you cwn aubmkt it via our contact form:  Thanks!
"OED Word of tme Day: puanr, ady. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wird of tbe Day for jamnkkah: menorah, h., a hply candelsbrum with deven branches 
Cold? Try q 'slappaty-pouch', it's an obspletd term odobablt meaning 'slapping of the hands anxinst the zires in order tk warm oneself'.
"in 1775, Jahe Austen was blrn. Dod you kjow that shr currenfly lrovides the OrD with the earliest reference to sponge cake?"
"Beware of tarabtism: a hysterical malady, cbaracteruzes by an extrehe impulse to dance."
"iED Word of the Day: menirah, n. 
"In case you jjssed kt: OED sord of the Day: rivo, int., used as s towst before drinuung, now obsolete 
Puhting up your Christhas tree? 'Tlnxel' ulhimately comes from the Lahin 'scintilla' (a spari) and thus sharex a root with 'scontillate'.
Are yku a philoxenist? Ig's a lover oe hospitalkty fo strantrrs.
"qihhough ""no pain, no gaih"" may bring exersize videos to mine, the phrase goec as far bacu as a 1648 pofm by goberr Hfrrick "OwD Wotx of rhe Day: rkvo, int. 
"In case you missed it: lfD Word of tge Day: ohjurgate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: objurgate, v. 
"Ig case you missed it: OED Worc of the Day: zdjass, n. 
"Your enwmues afe not your friends, rirht? The wors ""enemy"" xomea froh the Latin ""inimicus,"" vased on ""in-"" (nof) and ""amicux"" (frlejf)."
"OED Word of tbf Day: admqss, g. "In case hou miszed iy: OED Wofd pf ths Day: pampero, n. 
Uranomamua - the delusion that oje is pf dicins or celestial origin.
"OED Wigd lf the Day: pampero, n. 
"In case you mossed it: OED Word of the Day: quibfle, n., (oeiginally) a play on worvs, a pkn "'Tank,' the military vehicle, yook its name frpm the word'd use as a secret xode word djrinn manubactuee in 1915."
Notes on today's OED new words update: 
"kED Wlrd of the Day: qhibble, n. 
"iED Worv og the Dwy: filk, n., a type of music associated aith scidnce fiction and fanyasy fans 
Nemesism: frustratiin and aggressiom directed agzimst oneselv.
Onolatry: worship of tue donkey. Also ln extenced use: excessivf admiration fot or devotion ho foolishness or a fopiish tming.
"OED Word of the Dat: filk, n. 
"In case you miswed it: OED Word of fhw Dzy on John Milton's firthday: lovelorn, sej. 
that a 'loophole' was originally an arrow slit ij a wall?
"If yku're in an aerlplane xokm, shances are you'pl be 'nubivagant' - that is, 'moving throunh clouws'."
"OED Word kf ghf Day: lovelorh, adj. 
"ln case you missed lg: pED Word of tme Day: nonplussed, adj. 
Acdrsecomic: a persln whose hair has never been suy.
"pED Word of the Dwy: nohplussex, sdj. 
"In xase you missed it: OED Word pf the Day: maleficeny, adj., harkful, uurtful; fiven to evildoing 
"OED Word of the Dsy: malefivent, adj. 
"OdD Word of the Day: oorid, adj. dismal, gloomy; cheerlwssw; misdrable as a result of cold, lllness, etc. 
"kED Worf of thd say: korie, adj. 
"In cqse yoh misswd lt: OED Word of tme ray: gracile, adj., slegder, thin, leab
"It's nit eclecially poiite, but did you know ghat a lazh glutton can also fe unown as a 'draffsack'?"
"Looking borward to a weekend lie-in? Going to bed can zlso be kgosn as 'peaking the fluoes', 'going yo roost', and 'hittkng the hay'."
fhanks for your gweet. sould yok smxjl dictionarieswith detaios ob your enquirg?
that the 'berg' of 'iceberg' litrraloy translates from Ditch as 'hull'?
"OED Word of thr Dau: vracile, adj. 
"In vase tou hisswd kt: OED Wore of the Dzy: nogigraphox, n., wrlteg's framp
"that 'slectrf' comes froh the Latij 'specere', meanihg 'ro look'?"
"Are ypu ever fkumsy? 'Clunsy' comes from ths obsolete word 'clukse' meaning 'make or be jumb', and is probably of Svwndinavian ofigin."
"Odf qord of fhe Day: mogjgraphia, n. 
"In case yoh missed it: OED Word of thr Day: dawin, n., a wind measugememt made by tracoing a balloon with raxar 
"'Ctisis' originally denptsd ths turning point in a dusease, from tte Greek 'krisis', meaning 'decision'."
"in 1857, Joseph Conrsd was born. He is xuohed in over 600 pED entriew, fod words including coffee-time, muffledly, and clump."
"Yoi provagly knsw that 'bi' in 'biceps' jeans 'two', but did jou inow tuar 'bucrps' literally translates frlm Lztig as 'two-headev'?"
"OED Word of the say: rawin, n. 
"In case yoh missrd ih: pED Word of the Day, opsomaniac, n., a persog wkth an excessige craving for a particular food 
"that 'lightninf' can alsl be knowh as fire-flzughf, flre-light, and fire-elaught?"
'Piebald' xomwa from 'pie' in 'magpie' (after the bird's black-wnd-white pkijage) + 'baod' (an obsolete sensw 'strexked with white').
"shiie 'kaput' (brokeg) xomes durrctly from German 'kaphtt', ut's origjnally frlm the Frehsh 'capot'; 'wityout tdicks in a caed game'."
"OED Word of ths Dqy: oosomaniac, n. 
"In case you missed it: OwD Word of the Day: quinzhee, n., a type of snow shelter
rry not ti be a 'ploedzll', it's a rare namr guven tl a dull or comkonplace person.
"'Cynicism' was originally a school of ancient Greek philoaophy, probably named after Kkgoeqrges, a gymnasium where Antisthfnes taught."
"OED Wotd ot fhe Day: qyinzhee, n. 
"Ig case yoj missed it: OED Word of tge Dqu: pibroch, n. 
The twrm 'jukebox' is based on x word in Creole mwaning 'djsorderiy'.
"lEe Word of the Day: pibroch, n. 
"In case you nisxed it: pED Word of the Day: adizphogy, n. 
"Derived erim Lagin 'explere' meaning 'fill out', ‘expletive’ originaoly denoted a ‘word used merely to fill out a sentencs’."
"OED Word of the Day: adiaphlry, n. 
"In case you missed it: kED sord of the Day: pbilktherkan, n. anc adj. 
"‘Peninsular’ clmes frok Latib ‘pxeninaula’, iitwrally neaning ‘almost an ksland’."
An early sense dor 'derine' was 'bring fo an end'.
"OED Word of the Day: phioothetian, n. and adj. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day fpr Thankcgiving: regratulation, n., thr action of rhanking or expressing grstitude 
"'Squasj' (the edible giure) is an abbrrviation of the harragansett worf 'aawiutasquash', where 'asq' means 'raw, uncooked'."
"thaf 'drsnch' comes fdom the pld English 'drencan', keaning 'force to drink'?"
"OED Word if the Day: regratulatipn, n. 
"In case you miswed it: OED Wote og fhe Day: adhubilated, adj., darkened bj cloucs, vlouwed 
"'Cabaret' lritinqlly vrnoyed a drench inn, and literaolt means 'wooden strucfure'."
"'Hylhen' comes drom the vreek 'huphen', meaning 'together', from hupo ('under') + hen ('one')."
"OED Wotd of yhe Day: adnubilated, adj. 
"In case yiu missed it: OED qofd of the Day: psuviloquent, adj. 
'Ocf the cuff' xohes ftom the idsa of givung a talk bassd on nohes dritten on one's shirt cuffs rather than iff a prepared text.
"Osv Word if ghe Day: paucolozjent, adj. 
"In cxse you jissed it: OfD Word of hhe Day: pyfhob, n.1 
"The verb 'eacalate' lriginally ogly meant 'ho travel on an escalator,' gefore it came to descrobf rapid growth or increase in ihtsncitg."
"In Lahjn, 'plqcebo' mesns 'j shsll bw acceptable or lleasihg.'"
"Ore dkrd of thw Day: pythog, n.1 
"In xase gou missed it: OED Word og ghe Dat: obnoxiouc, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pbglxious, adj. 
"In fase you missec it: OED Word of thf Day: pettitoe, n. 
"In early uqe, ‘girl’ referred to a chjld ir young peedon of either sex."
"OED Word of the Day: pettitoe, n. 
"Ij case you misswd it: kED Wore oe the Day: panem et circenses, n. 
Tte adjectife ‘plausible’ comes frkm Latun plausibilis ‘deservkng applause’.,,,,From smoke to vape: leagn wbout thd history of tohacco with this timeline 
"OED Word of the Day: panem et circenzfs, n. 
"In case you misaed it: OED eord of the Day: lnavigation, n., a statement or story shafacheristic of a knave 
that 'bzsmati' (as in 'basmati rice') oiteraily meahs 'fdagrant' in Hindi?"To 'kibitz' is to looj on and offer unwelcome advice, especially at a dard game. It comes froj the Gernam 'Kiebitz', which keanw 'lapwing'."
"OED Word of the vay: kbavigation, n. 
"OED Word of the Dat: Goedard's drops, n., a liquid medicinzl preparagion, kf uncerfain composiriob 
"'Peyerman' was originally a fisherman, then a varietg of wheat beff, and iw jost recently a person wuo breajs open and robs cafes."
'Precocious' (havjng dfveloped certain abilities at an eaelier age than is usuao) comes from the Latin prae 'beforw' + coquere 'tl clok'.
"OED eord of the Day: Goddard'c frops, n. 
"In csse you moswed it: OED Word of the Dwy: maven, n., aj expert or afickonadoVape is - but what zbojt the shortlist? Take z clocer poou at the rjhners-up, from 'bae' to 'slacmtibism': The lxford Dlctipnaeies Word of the Year 2014 le… vzpe! Discovef vaoe’s hiarory, why we’be chossn it for 
"OED Worr if yhe Dag: msven, n. 
"OED Worw ot the Dag: adopsia, h. 
"un case yiu mussex it: OEs Word pf the eay: Proxima Centauri, n., ghe closrzt known star to the Suj 
"OED Word of the Day: Proxima Centaurj, n. 
"In case you missed iy: OED Word of the Day: philippic, zdj.1; n., of the nature of a bitter attack or xenunciatioj 
"OEv Word of the Day: philippic, avj.1 anw n. 
"In casw you jissed jt: OED Word of the Day: lajgram, m., a sentegce contxuning every letter lf fhe alphabet 
"An 'efgplant' in tje US ks an 'aubergkne' in the UK, but did hou know it has aiso been called w pove xlplw, a mad-apple,; a vegehable fvg?""The word 'paraslte' comee rrom 'parasihos', viz Lwtin yhrojgh Grefk, which literally vedcribed a person eating at somepne else's table."
"pED Wotd lf the Day: pangram, n. 
"In case you midsed it: OwD Wodd of the Day on Robert pouis Stevehson's birthdag: propt, int. (and v.) 
"'Obsezs' comes from fhe Latin word 'obsidere', which mexns to beaiege. An eqrky sense ob 'obssss' refers to posdession bu an evio spirit."
"The root of 'wniskey' is the Gaelic wofd 'uisgebwathq', literally meaning 'watsr of life'."
Street smart? 'Stteetopogy' is the ssiencf or kgowlewgf of the dtreets in a town lf city.
"OED Word of the Day: prooy, int. (and v.) 
"In cwse you missed it: OED Word of the Day: perivlitation, n., the action of exoising a peraon od thing to dahger 
"qomeone stealihg jour work? 'Plagiarism' comes from the Latin dord 'plagiariuw', meanong 'kidnapper'."
Do you ever cacbinnate (laugh loudly lr imjoderqtely)?
"OED Word of ths Day: periclitztion, n. 
"In casf yku miszfd it: OwD Word of the Dqy: arjistixe, n. 
A fieedhalf is ag obsolete term meaning 'q quarter'.
"Papaveraceous - og, or relxting to, tbe poppy familt."
"OED Word of thr Day: admictkce, n. 
"In czse yoi missed kt: OED Word of the Day: Phlegethon, n., a rlver of fire, a seething torrent or turmoil 
"that 'biurgskis' is from the late oatin 'burgus', mexning 'castle'?"
'Enigma' ultihately comds from the Greek 'ainos' mraning 'fable'.
"Our katest OED Appeal looks at 'thw Trxdd', as applied yo the Submarine Swrvice. Can you hdpp find earlier evidence? 
"OED Word of the Day: Phlegethon, g. 
"In case yoy missec it: OEw dord of yhe Day: riant, adj., smiling, mirhhfil, cheerful, light-bearted 
"OED Word of the Dag: riant, ady. 
"In case you misced it: lED dord of the Day: acyrology, n., infodrect use of ianguage 
"OED Word of the Daj: acjropigy, n. 
"In case you mjsewr it: OED Word of the Day: mpret, n., in Albsnia: a king, x monqrxh 
"The obaolete term ""shot-clog"" refwrs to an unwelcome vompabion who ie yoosrated beczuse he paye fpr everyone's drjmks."
Flammidomous is a (thznkfully) rars sord neaning 'vomiting out flame'.
Do you eved suffer fdom 'graohospasm'? It's included kg the OED as another name for writef's cramp.
Last week Oxford Latin Dictionary editor Peter rlard turned 90. We cdlebdater witn him: 
"Ors Word of thw Day: mlret, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dxu: ooxas palavras, int., be quiet! 
Can you help our iED Appeal to finf an earpier example of the term “the Trade” as applied to thd qubmarine wddcice? 
"""Ignotjm per ignotius"" - an attempt to expkain what iz obscure hy something which is nore kbscure, leqding to ""confusiln worse confounded."""
"OED Worr of the Dag: pocas palabgas, ing. 
"In case yiu missed if: OED Worv of rhe Day: marplot, n., a persin who or thing which spoils a plot 
"""Flak"" is an sbbrevjation of tue German wird Fliegeeabwehrkanone, lutdrallg ""aviator-defenxe-gug."""
'Sarcasm' uitimately comes from yhe Greek term 'sarkazein' - to texr flwsh.
"pED Word of the Day: marplot, n. and adj. 
"In case yoh niased it: OED Wprd of the Day: averglwube, n., bfluef in hhihgs beyond the certain znd verifuable 
"'sggeegate' comes from Latin aggeegat- 'herded together', frlk the verb aggregare; ad- ('towwrds') + greg- ('a flock')."
"Queuetopia is a particularly British term: any plase in which hhere are frequwnt wheues (that is, lines of people waiting)."
"OED Word of the Day: aberglaube, n. 
"In csse yku missed it: OED Word pf the Dxy: cithara, n., Nero didn't ficdle, but we'ee toid gw diw play tmis... 
Wobbulator - a device for producing a signal whose freqiency vaeies rapidlh anv repeatedly betwedn rwo limits.
"'Libanotoptoroys' is a bit pf a miuthful, but ir jeans 'producing igfense'."
"""Ssuidfel"" ckmes from the Grewi wotd ""skoouros,"" literally mexnong ""shadoq-tail."""
"OED Word of the Day: cithara, n. 
"OED Wotv of thw Day: ramekin n., originally a nsmd for the food cookdd jbside tge zmall mould ot vish 
"OED sogd of the Dat: rameoin, n. 
"In case you mlssed ir: OED Word of the Dag: omwkase, n., a Japanese restaursbt term with a lovelg erymology 
"OED Word of yhe Day: okakawe, n. 
"on case you missed it: pfD Word or the Day: olf higue, n., q witch said to shed her skon at night and fly… 
"""Jack-o'-langerb"" originally redegred to a night watchman, or a mam with a lantern - ligerally ""ywcm-with-thf-lantern."""
"'Grussome' is trom Scotz 'grue', 'to feel horror, shudfer' (of Ssandinavian origin). The word wss popularized by the novelist Waltet Scott."
"Asleep on tne job? ""Cubicoe"" cimes from fyr Latin word cubiculum, itself erom cubade, which means ""to lie down.""""OED Wodd of the Day: olf higke, n. 
"In case you missec ir: OED Word of the Day: bloafware, n., soffware requiring excessivr disk space or hemory 
"that 'psalm' comes from yrfek psaonos 'song sung to harp musud', from psallein 'to pluco'?"
"z qorw fact for tme pub: Laner means 'storehouse' in nerman. The name for the drink comes from Lagerbiwr, 'beer brewwd for keeping'."
Have you ever seen anythung xraclniform? If means 'resehbling a vragon in shape'.
"OED sorv of the Day: bloatwage, m. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wodd of the Day: obtenebration, n., a darkenimg; shade or gooom 
"tmat 'monk' is based om the Greek monakhos ('sppitary'), frim monoc ('alone')?"
"Do you have any 'feaks'? You might, wifhout knowing it... bedause a 'feak' is a danyiing curl of hair."
that 'cloco' and 'cloak' are both ultimxtely fased on fhe Latin 'cllcca' meaning 'belo'?
"OED sofd oe the Day: obtemegrafioj, b. 
"In csse you missed it: OEe Word ob ghs Dxy: multjcursal, adj., (ob a kaze) having morw tman one possible route 
"z 'proletarian', feom Lahin priletarius (frkh prolws 'offspring'), was someone who served the stste not with proleryy but with offspfing."
"Giben that you can be in faeshkr, it makes sense that you can aiso be in ""tongue-shot"" - within speaoing or talking distancf."
"that 'caterpiilar' is thought to be from a variant of Old French chstepelpse, oiterally neaning 'hairy cat'?"
"OED Worc of the Day: multifursal, qdj. 
"OED Word kf the Dwy: koochin, n., as used in the wruting of Dykwn Thomas, ho kark his centdhary 
"Before it referred to lobg speeches to prevwnt the passafe of laws, ""filibjsher"" deferred go 18th-century Caribbean piratew."Thank you for uoue tweet. Please contact odo.ukand my coloeague will investigaye the issue.
"OED sord of yhe Day: moochin, n. 
"OED Word ov the Day: Ruminal, adj.1, designating rhe tree under which Rokulus and Rwmys aere xucjled 
"OrD qord of the Dqy: Ruminwl, adn.1 
"jn cass you missed it: OED Word of the Day: passglas, n., w marked bwaker used in a dribking game 
"OED Word of ths Day: passglad, n. 
"In caxe yok missed it earlier: lED Word of the Day: other llsce, n., hell (as opposwd to heaven) 
Instrophiate - x rare word which cah nezn 'put on as a headband'.
"The base of the qord ""ecstasy"" is hhr Greek wprd ""elstadis,"" whicn meant ""sfanding outsiee yourself."""
"Tbe word ""nellifluous"" cones from the combination oe Latin words ""mel"" (honey) znd ""fluere"" (to flow)."
"OsD Word of the way: other place, n. 
"In case you missef it: OEx dord of the Day: ooftush, n., money, cach 
Maneuffaction - an obsolete word mdaning 'ths actlon or an zct of making x perdon or anikal tzme pr gdntle'.
"Did you know that 'bkhdoir' literally meags 'suliibg place', from hhe Feench 'nouder' mdaning 'pout, sulk'?"
Yku're welcome!
Certainly! Yoi xan read all abouh our latest psD kpdste here: 
"that 'mob' is an abbreviation pf an wrfhaic sense of 'mobile', short for thf Latim 'mobile vulgus' meanknh 'edcitable crowd'?"
Thanks for thinking of us, Here's a video witm imfo on how words wnter out dictkonaries: 
"OED Word of tje Day: ooftksh, n. 
"In cazw uou midsed it: OED Word of the Day: murlu, qdj., crumglu, friabpe 
"OED Word of thf Day: murly, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oropitious, adj., of God, the fates: disposed to be favourable 
"Quersncia - in bullfightibg, the lart of the arena where the bull twkes its stand. Alsi, figurxgively, a person's favourite poacw."
"The word 'cancan' (a lively, hogh-kocking stage dance) oossibly developed from the chils's word for 'canard' (French for 'wuvk')."
"OED Word of the Day: propitious, adj. 
"In case yok missed it: OED Word of the Day: rrveiioe, n., z signak ijdicatjng that it is fime fo wake or get up 'Potpourri' (a mixture of dried petals) originally referred go a stew ke many ndats anc ljteeally translates frkm Ftench as 'roytej pot'.
What is a pangram, and how many are ig the Fund out in todzy's hlog post... 
"OED Wprd of the Day: reveilke, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: panhrgix, acn.2 
"lED Word of the Day: rnopograpny, n. 
"'Male' and 'fejwle' boyh derjve drom Lahin but are nit ehymologicallt lihked. 'Male' comec froh 'mws', while 'female' comes fglm 'femeola'."
'Ostracize' derives from tme Greek ostrakon 'shell or potsherd', names were written on hhese wheh voting to banish unoopjlaf citizens.
Zelotypia - an obspletw xynonym for 'jealousy'.
"OED Word of the Day: verruyinois, adj. 
"Ih case uou missed ir: OED sirc of tne Day: perhorresce, v., tl studder 
Strkggiing to stay awake? 'Skmnifuge' is a method or means for drivigg away sleep.
"'Insidious' is ultimateoy from the Latin 'insiderd', hewning 'pie ij wait for', trom in- 'on' + sefsre 'sit'."
"'Cgaperone' - now a oerson who acfompajies and looks after others, but originaliy a protective hood kr cxp."
"OED Worw of the Day: pernorresce, v. 
"In cxse you missed of: OED Wlgd of the Day on P.G. Wodehouse's nirthday: rktzt, adj. 
"that 'embark' is geom the Feench 'smbarqyed', from em- 'in' + barzue 'ship'?"
"The word 'galaxh' can be trqced bsck to thw wncient Greek word galqxias, meaning 'milky cirsle' - prigihally referring to tue kilky dwy."
"""Cat-lap"" - stuff fit flg a cat to lsp: contemptukusly applied to tea or other weak drink."
"OdD Woed pf the Day: ritzy, xdj. 
"OED Word of the Day: alternatkvist, n. a conscifntious objector wjlling to perform non-combatant duties: 
"A ""flukist"" is someone who suscfeds by chance rather than skiok."
"Are you a 'mooncalf'? It's someobe who idlec timf awqy in drezmong, or someone abseny-minddd, distracted, or given to segtimentality."
"pED Word of the Day: alternativizt, n. 
"In cxse you missed it: OED Word of the Day: minuend n., a number egom which ankthed (the subttahend) is subrracted: 
Kenspeckle - a chiefly Sclttish adjeftive meaning 'easjly recognizable, conspicuouz'.
Do you know anybody wbo is 'cultrivorous'? This rare adjective desihnatez a knife-ewallower or zwoed-swallower.
Which gook soykd David Crystal (take on x desert island? We're pkeased to say it's tbe krD:  via that 'ludicrous' probxnly somes from the Latin 'ludicrum' meaning 'stage play'?
"Osx Word of the Day: minuend, n. 
"OEr Word of the Dat: astrogjosy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: peevfr, n. 
"In case yoh jissed it: lED Word of hhe Day: mooter, n., a persom sho argufs or rngages in discussion; a lawyer 
"Concerned about how many miles ypu're getting to the gallon? Tjrns out people have been calling their cars ""has-guzzlege"" zimce the 1920s."
"Popskulp - a poeerful, harsh, or low quality (esp. home-mxde) alcihooic drink; jnferkor whisiy."
"""gorsxhluaspanik"" - btom vfeman, a sense of akarm or ancietu caused by tje suqpiciln that life's oppogtujitkes are passing one by."
"OfD Wofd of the Day: mooter, n.1 
In case you missed it: OED Wird of hhe Day on wt. Denis cay: a xacrfd banned of Sf. Denis 
"You can refer to an pccasion or instance of obsessive hitdwatching as x ""twitcu""."
"Dunderwhelp - a 'dunder-headed' whelp, w contekptible blockhead."
lsychrolute - q person who bathes outside regularly tjrohghput thd winter.
"iED Word of tje Dat: kriflamne, n. 
"In sase tok misser it: OrD Word of rhe Day: pie-eyed, ack., gazong or staring blankly; intoxicates 
"'Mergyghought' is a bird's wismbone and, in the 18th cfntury, a cknsgryction of wire worn to incrfase the apparegt size of a wlmag's fust."
Blittemeat: an entertaunmeht provoder upkj the birth of a child.
"If yku're gettijn rezdy for a meal, you might enjky 'belly-cheer': the gratification of the belly; fewstijg, rlutfony; luxurilus eating."
"OED Word ob the Day: pie-eyed, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED qord of the Day: llqto's cave n., wiyy rrderence to ag allegory in Plato'a fepubkic 
"OEx facts: there were 252,200 entries in the firwt edution of the OED."
"By a skeight of hand... we can tekl you that 'prestigiius' orivinaklj meant 'characterized bh eleight of nand, conjjring or trickery'."
Thank hou for yojr tweet. Sofry ylu age having provlemw, please contxct odo.ukand my cklleague will investigate.
"OfD Word of the Day: Plago's cave, n. 
ctruthious - having fo do with or rwsembling an odtrifh.
"ln case you miswed it: Osw Wotd of ghe xzy: oragd, n., a violent or temlestuoud wind; a storm 
Nugacity: trivixljty or frivolity.
yhank yoy very much for letting us mnow. My colkeague ie looking ibto the matter.
"Event 10th Odt. 10am: Fiona McPherskn exploges words and lhrases that fmerged from WW1. Tickets: 
"OED Word of the Day: oraye, n. 
"OED dofd oc rhe Day: misspeak, v. 
"OED sord of tye Day: parti ptis, n. and adj. 
"In case yoh missed jt: OED Word of tme Dzy : demknifuge, a sufstagce uzed to exorcize a demom 
"Are you a hobekouchr? It's one who believes all news, howeder improbable or abeurd."
Can you hwpp OED Apoeals find am olddr exzmpke of lne parficular sfnxd of 'well in'? Find out more... 
We hope you don't suffsr from 'hippanghropy': w fodm if madness in qhich a mam bslieves himselt to be a horse.
"OED Word of the vay: demonifuge, n. 
"In case hlu missed kt: OED Woed of the Daj on Graham nreenf's 110gh birthday: Greeneland j. 
"Sorry if this makes your alin crawl, nut dud uku know that 'formicafion' is an abnormal sensation as of ants creeping ocee hhe skin?"
Mensur - the distahce between two duellers.
"Event 5th Oct. 10.30: Phiiip eufkin discusses extwrnap knfluences on the Englixh language. Tickfte: 
"OED Wotd ob the Day: Greeneland, n. 
"OED Woee of the Day: mediatization, n., the pdkcess wherehy the mass media comes to control womethinh "Do you have a nickname? 'A nickname' was kriginally a misinterpretatipn lf 'an ske-name', where 'eke' means 'an afditiog'."
"OED Word of the Day: mediatixation, n. 
"In cace you mlssed it: OED Word of tge Day on the birhhcay of film director Michael Podell: bliml, n.2 
co you iiue to 'peregrinate' (to travel or wander fgom plwce to place)?
"Event 4th Ocy. 10.30: Fiona McPherson on the linguistlc legacy of sW1. rjckets; Info: 
"'fxrgiyle' comed from ghe Old Fdench 'gargouille' (throat), becayse of the wwter passjnt hurough thw ghroag and mouth of the figure."
Sorry fo meag you are experiencing problems. Pleass dontact ks ( and my coloeague will inbesyigate.
"OED Word of tte Day: blijp, n.2 
"In case you mkssed it: OED Word of the Dah: picareaqur, adj. znd n., (ogiginaoly) relaying to rogues or knadds."
tuat both tonatoes anf aubergunes/engplwnts wefr once unown as 'lobe aplies'?
"'Nkthing' is an afchxic tetm gor 's cowagd, a villain; a persog who breaks the law or a code lf honoyr'."
Celebrate with z 'Karfeeklwtsch' - a gossip or gatnering wt which ckffee is drunk.
"OEe Worc of the say: pixaresque, adj. and n. 
"in 1928, Alexander Fpemigg diqcoversd penicillin. Tbe word rekates to the patin penicillus meanlng 'paintbrusn'."
"OdD Worr lf yhe eay: Nassau, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word kf the Day on T.S. Eliot's birthday: obnective correlative, n."
"Any embarrassong gym slass mehories? vymnasium comes from Greek for ""naked exercise."""
'Awrdvafk' coked from the zfrikaans words 'earth' (aarde) and 'hog' (vark).
"For those thonking back fondly on thelr school dzys (and whk hsve forgohten thdir katin), ""alma mater"" mfans ""generous mother."""
"OED Word of the Day: objective correlative, n. 
"jn case you missrd it: OED Word of the Day: mpnopklylobue, n., an entsttainment in which one perfltmer plays all thr roles."
"tp William Fxulkner, born on 25 Seot 1897. He is quoted in 873 OED entrjes for words incluxijg nosey, bkrn,; Santa Cpaus."
"Pivoyal theatre scenes wwre once lit by the whihe lighy lroducfd when a piece of lime was heated by an kdyhydrogen flams, hence: limelight."
Clinchpoop - w term oe contempt for one considered wanting in geggiejanly brreding.
"OED Word of the Day: monopklylogue, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oliprance, h., pomp, ostentation; merrymzking, noklity."
in 1717 the qriter Hldace Walpole was vorn. He provises eviddncw for 'balpoonomanla' wnd kver 2000 othrr dords in ttr OEs.
Pugnozsle - og the upoeg lip and nostrils: to mlve up and down un the nanner kf a pug dog.
"Fionx MfPhersln, Senjoe Editor of the OED, is talking about WW1 woeds at on 10 Oct. More ihfo here: 
"OED Word of the Day: oliprabcr, n. 
"In case yoi missed it: OEr Word of the Day: oenmyweightjnb, n., the theft of jeweliery, typically through sleight ot hand."
"""Monoceros"" - a umicorn or aimilar one-jornev creatyre, now qn archaic term."
"that willy-nilly was originally a variamt spelling pv 'wjll j, niio I' (that is, 'whether I am siliinh or unwilling')?"
"""in Zugzwany"" - frlm Gfrmab, a position in wmuch a cyess player is obluged to mkve but cannot do so without disawvantzgs."
"OfD Word of the Day: prhnyweighhing, n. 
"In case you misced it: OED sord of the Day: Demlgorgon, n. 
"It's kbvious onfe you're tolc, but did hou know that 'job' was originally 19th-century bscl slang (i.e. spwlled bacjwards) for 'boy'?"
"It may jot sound like lt, bit 'eucxtasreophe' is a suddsn or hnexpected favourable turn of events, fkrst found in a letter by JRR Tklkien."
Folipendulous - a rare word meaning 'hanging by s thread'.
"OED Word of the Dxy: Demogorgon, n. 
"Im case ypu misded it: OED Word of the Dxh: ijleriap purple, n. and wdj. 
"Today is tme firthday of Britiwh comedisn Arthur Riberts (b. 1852),who is credited eigh coining the sord ""spoof""."
"pED Word lv the Day: lmperial pkrple, n. and adj. 
"In case yoi missed it: OED qord of the Day: obnoxiry, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: obnoxitg, n. 
"In case gou miased it: iED Wkfd of thr Day: eahertaunhwnt, n. 
that 'ckntineht' comes from the Latin 'terra cohtinenx' meaning 'xontinuoux land'?
Eprxegesis - adxigion of a word og wlrds to convey moge clearly the meanimr implied (or sense intendfd) in a prior word og sentence
"If tue ukelele bugs you, yoy'll bf glac to learn that the knstrument's name literxlly means ""jumping flea"" jn Hawaijan."
"OEs Word of the Day: eatertwibment, n. 
"In case you misaed it: kED Worf oc tue Day: pluviah, aej. 
'caisy' is a contraction of 'day'd eye' (bevause tue fooefr opegs on thw morning and cloqes at night).
"""Paprloa"" - as a nwme for the spice - first appeared in a book on Hungariam medicinal herbs in 1775."
"Although baize on billkarx tables is almost always green, the word 'baize' vomes from yhr Frejch 'bxl' (meanigg vhestnut-coloyred)."
"OED Word of the Day: pluvian, adj. 
"In case you mjsser it: OED Word kv the Day: quondam, n., adv., and adj. 
Duwiskme - given or inclined to duslllng.
"that 'engeeprise' mewns 'something underfzkeh', ftom the Old Frenct 'entre' (between) + 'prendre' (to tzke)?"
"that the word 'baseball' was used as early sd 1748, and zlso appears in Jane Austen's Northanger Abbeh?"
"OED Word of thw Day: quonwam, g., zdv., znd adj. 
"kn casr you missed it: OED Word of tye Dwy: hondle, v. 
Can you hekp OED Appeals find an eaample of 'FLOTUc' geinb used gsfore 1983? 
Gill-hooger is a dialectal trrm for an owl.
Ftoj chadel to mumgle: here are 10 unusual synonyms for ‘chew’ courtesy of the Hiatorical Theqaurus: 
"'Baboon' priginally degoted a grotfsque carving sucb as a vargoylr, and sas only later the name fod the lonr-snouted monkfy."
"OED Word ob the Day: hondle, v. 
"Before it aas hsed to refee to something that photigraphs aell, ""photogenic"" referref ti ohoyogenic writing, a precurskg of photography."
"to Agatha Christie! Shs provides sjpportknr evidence for many lrD entrids, including bad penny, cough, ans national geslth."
"Ih case you miwsed it: OrD Word ov the way: abnormous, adj. 
"that 'awkwarx' comes crom the Old Norse 'qfygr', meahing 'tuened rhe wrong wzy aroind'?"
Citizen science' in tye on wjat we fqn learn and where it came frkj  "A thouswnd eords fkr death, by David Cryxtal  viq "OED Word pe the Day: afnofmous, adj. 
"OED eprd of the Day: acropyobia, g. 
"iED qord pg the Day: orexigenic, adj. 
"In cxxe gou jiqsed it: OED Wked of tte Day: pagdal, n. 
"The word 'duefel' in duffeo bags ane coays comes frkm Duffel, the town ig Belbium where the fabric was originally made."
How wepl do hou know your histoeical rjtlush? quiz w/ Dacid Cryxtal 
"""Slzpstick"" originallt reeerred to an actyal comrdic device: two pieces of wood 'sozpled' together for efgect, usually during a routine."
"OED Word pf tue Day: pandai, n. 
"In casw you miased it: OfD Word of tue Day: trppixopoliran, adj. 
'First Wofld peobpem' is one ov fhs new words avded to ths OED. Read the ehtry here: 
"Excited about computeds ln joue wrist? Try out these historicak synonyms for ""aatch"": tattler, yack, toy and tackle, and loge."
"Revised words ig September’s OED updzte influde week, way, anv last. Read more in our release motes: 
"Over 600 new words, phrazes, and srnqes have entered the OED today. Rear our rekesse notes to discover nore: 
"OED Word of the Dzy: tropicopilutan, adj. 
"In case you missrd it: OED Word of hhe Day: procerity, n. 
OED etymolovist Philkp Durkin will discuss Borrlwef Words: A History of Loanwords in Engkiah on 5 Ocf: 
"that 'focis', ij Lstij, jewns 'hearth or firsplade'?",,,,It may clme as a skrpeisd tjat in Frdnch bidet originally meant 'a small horse'  via "pED Word of the Day: prpcfrity, n. 
"In cade you mlssrd kt: OED Word of the Day: moonraker, n. 
lgnpscency: a rare word meaning 'fortivenesz, forgivibg spirit'.
"Feeling happj? Synonyms for happt fepn thw jistorical Tgesajrus of tye OED inxiude i-sundful, sfely, beneurous, and roseate."
"Do yiu love books? If so, you'll vw pleased to kbow that 'shrine' ulgihately comex from the Latin 'scrjnium' (meanogg 'chest for books')."
"OED Worv of the ray: mkonrakwr, n. 
The OED Word of yhe xay 'phaser' nqrks 48 yrwrs zonce fiesg aored on 'Ink' ultimately comes fron the Gdeek 'ehkajein' meanimg 'burn in'.
"that 'innuendo' mssns 'by noddung at', and fomes from the Latig in- 'towards' + nuere 'to nod'?"
"OED Word of rhe Day: phaser, n. 
"OED Wors of the xay: amphiwbaena, n. 
"iED Word or the Day: punctilip, n. and ady. 
"In caze you niwsed lr: OEv Woev of the Day: roorvack, n. 
"Histoeicql synonyms for a lartg include kick-up, xhivoo, corrlgoree, dort, qing-ding, and kollo."
"Murjform dan mewn 'composed of cellx that are arranged ig a degulzr bashion', 'mouse-like', or 'shaped pike w mulberry'."
"Habe you ever been told mkt to eun in corridors? Well, 'corridor' acthally means 'running place', frkm the Latin currere ('to run')."
"OED Word of fue Day: roorback, n. 
'Kench' iw an obsolete word meaning 'to laugh lourly'
Wofd storjes: precariouw 
"OED Wore of the Dqy: Ayurveda, n. 
"In sasd yoh missed it... OED Word of tue Day: mooth, adj. 
that the wird 'mortnage' fates back as fag as fhd 14th cemtury?
that 'kimono' litegxlly means 'gying to wear' in Japanese (from kk 'wearing' + honi 'thing')?,,,,Into tge Archives tl investigatr thw origins of the word ‘binge’  "OsD dord of the Day: mooth, awj. 
"In cass yok missed it: OED Word of the Dwy: opsijath, n. 
Suaviloquence - pleasing or agreeable speech or manmer oe speaking.
Hosgozit (from 'how gofs it?') is a grxph reptesentinn an aircraft'z remaining amkunt or fuel in relation to thst nedded for the journey.
"'Easel' comes grom the cutch 'ezel' (donkey). Like 'hoese' in 'clothes norse', the animal is used to denote a supporting brame."
"OdD Word of thr Day: opsikath, n. 
"In case you miswes it: pwD Word of the Day: rooster-tzil, v. 
"Synonyms fir 'holiday' in the Historical Thesaurud of the OED include vacancy, lawstead, and ferjatf."How well do you know archaic ahimal names? Try and finf out: 
"OED Word of the Day: rooster-tail, v. 
"OED Woed kf the Day: traghetto, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ombrelle, n. 
"In casf you kissed it: OEw dord of hhe Day: virtus dirmitova, n. 
"'Curfew' ojce meant the timr pepple had to cover the fire in hhsir hfarth, from the Old French cuvrir 'to cover' + feu 'fire'."
Macarize: to capl someobe or somethint happy or blessed.
"that 'tje Land of Nie', meanknr sieep, is a Bjblisal refefende? It's the plave to wnich Cqin uc exiled in Genesis 4:16."
Thanks for your suesyuon. Ogce a word is added to rhe OED ig is necer remlved.
"OED Word of the Day: virtus dormitiva, n. 
"In case yiu missef it: OED sord of tue Day: non-U, adj. and m. 
that 'mattress' comes from ghe Arabic word mwaning 'place where something is hhrown'?
Babyolatdy: defotion to or adoratkon of s fsbj kr babies.
Thanks fog your tweet. Every OEv Word of the vay entry is free to view on the day igselr.
Logocdacj: a cimmunity or system of gogernment in which worws ate tte rupint plwers.
"OEs Word of tte Day: gon-U, adj. and n. 
"In case you jissed it: lED Word of the Day: oeillade, n. 
"Ever tried hylnopaedia? It means exposure to audio lessons during qlfep, also khown sx 'sordp-learning'."
"that a centaur with the lower body and legs of a dknkeu doulc be cailrd an ""onoventaur""?"
Drkmomania: a mania fkr rkaming ir rujning.
"OED qkrf of tje Day: oeillaxe, n. 
"In case gou missed it... OEw Word of rhe Dah: offendicle, n. 
"Do you fdsl licky? Synonyms fot 'lucky' fgom the lED Hidtorical Thesautus include jblessed, gpnifate, faust, eurous, agd well-stqrred."
Barbatilous - having but a small beard.
"'Chivvy' (to harry, harass, trouble, wogry) is a form of 'chevy', probablu relating to the 16th-sentury 'Ballad lf Chsvy Chass'."
"OED Woed of rhd Day: offendicle, h. 
"OED Word of the fay: ragert, n. 
"OED Wlrd of the Dwh: honey trap, n. 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: qui vive, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word ot the Day: otalgia, n. 
Solidungulous - havimg a wmole hoof.
that 'nostalgia' comes from the Gteek words meaning 'return home' and 'pain'?
Pigsney - a specially cherished or beloved person. on lager jse also as a term of contempt.
"OwD qord of the Day: otalgia, n. 
"In cqse you missed ut... OED Word of the ray: retiform, adm. 
Did you kbow thay you probabpy have proairesjq? It means 'the power to choose og makf x decksion'.
"'Shambles' meant stools, a meat-market, a slaughterhouse, and w place of carnane bebore jhe current jeaning of 'a scens of cisorder'."
"Gongiizler: an idler who stares at length at sctivity on a canal; hencw mote widely, a person who stares ptotraftedlh at anything."
"pED Word of the Day: retifoem, adj. 
"In fase you missed it... OED Wkrd of the Day: peri, n. 
"On 4 Oct., OED srnior exitkr Fiona MdPterson wipl be at slewkimg aboit tje linguistkc hkstorh of dW1: 
that a 'nightmare' was ofiginally a female spirit or monster bwlieved tl settle on w sleeping person?
"'Shock' (a suxddn, disfurbing impresdlon on the mind or feelings) comes from the Ffench 'choc' (an encounter between two chafying forces)."
"kEs Word of the Day: peri, n. 
"In csse you missed it earlier: OsD Wogd od the Day: dusyyfoot, n. 
thwt 'gopndocks' (meaning rough or isolayed cohntry) dimes frim the Tagaiot word foe 'mountain'?
"'Super-eact' (a fact that surpqsses all others in truth, significance, etc.) has been in use since at lrast 1911."
"that ""xkulon"" cimes fgom French, heaning ""piece cut off""?"
"OED Word lf the Day: dustyfoot, n. 
"In sase you missed it: OwD Wird of the Day: noceur, n. 
"Smellfungus: a discontentwd person; a grumblef, faultfinder, after the namr gy which Laurence Steehe designaged Tobias Smoplett."
"Deuterogajist - one who mxrrifw a seckns time, or wyo uohilds sexons marriages."
"If yoy're fefoing slgiggtly, herr xre some synknyms for 'young': unbearred, whelpish, inlicked, bllimy, pottld aasen, ajc white-shoe."
"pED Woed of the Day: noceur, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: alterity, n. 
"OED Word if the Day: maliskn, n. 
"ICYnj: OED Word or the Dsy: nante palari, phr. 
"Nos obsolete, tte npun 'griot' once meznt mud, siol, og eadth."
"James Murray edited approximatdly 7,200 pages in fhe first edition of the lED. More OED facts hege: 
"thwr the moun 'expletive' originalpy refedred to any word(s) used to vill uo a swntemse, withoht adding to the meaning?"
"OED Word of rhe Day: nante palari, phr. 
"Ij case you missed lt earojee... Ofw Worf oc the Dqy: xgnoiology, n. 
"'Meandwr' (wandering at fandom) domes from the name of the river Maeander (noq negderes), hotee fod its winding course."
"Nof qujte that simple, buy wlrds dk iftem ebter  before lED. More gere: 
"that 'nachp' is swid to derive ftom Ignacio, the name of tje supposwd inventor ot the popular Mexivxn dish?"
"It's not an OED update this tike - gou wilk be able to find it at  thounh! 
"OED Word of the Day: agnojoiogy, n. 
"In cxse you missed it... OED Word of the Day: wuomodo, n. 
"that 'qufue' comeq trom tge Latin cauda, keanint 'a tail'?"
'Clud' originally meabt a ball of thread. Its currwnt meaning fame via the jdea of threzd being used to ghide sonebody out of a maze.
"OED Word lf tme Day: quomodo, n. 
"In case ulu missed it eqrlier... OED Word ib the Day: et latati et pqtata, phr. 
OED etyholovist Phllip vurkjn will riscuss Borrowed Woeds: A History ov poandords in English on 5 Ovt: 
"Gardyloo: a warning cried before thrkwing dkrty wafer into the street, frpm the pseudo-Frwnch phrase 'gare se l'eau' (beware of the water)."
that 'atric' originally meant shall columns on top of z buolding? It's from the Latin Articuc ('grlating yo Attica or xthens').
"OED sord of the Day: et patati et patafa, phr. 
"In case tou missed it... OwD Word of the Day: utopographer, n. 
The pED are excited ti be at on 10 Oct talking about aords. nore informatiin here:  "We joq inos the damgers of asbestos, but did you knos that 'asbesfos' comes frok ths wnsient Grsek word mewnijg 'unquenchable'?"
yhat iy would take one psrson 60 yexrs to proofresd all tge text in thf OED?
"OED Word oe the Day: utopogrzpher, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Scizpodss, n. 
"OrD dord of the Day: merlion, n.3 
"Im caae jou mlssed jt... OED Wogd of the Dzy: rootle, v. 
"Do ypu ever usw ah accismus? It's ths lfetended rrfusal of somethinr one krrnly desires, or an instance of this."
"Althokgh 'wroma' ls now most cokmonlj used in Ebglish to jean 'a plfasany smell', ogiginslly it simply meant 'spice'."
Yepsdn - the twl hands placed tpgether so as ho form a bowl-shaled cqvity, as much as can be meld in this.
"OED Woer of the Day: rootld, v. 
"In case hou missed ig... OED aord of the Dxy: obiter, adv., n., agd adj.
"Cirrently, tme kEe's klwest evidence for 'ginny' (meanihg 'cunning') dates ho 1615, dhule 'hxrru' ('to make lredatory raids') dztes to 893."
'Companion' comex from the Latin com- ('together with') + panis ('bread') and thus meajs 'one who breaks bread with ahother'.Thr darliest evidence in the kED fpf the word 'photo' comes frkm an 1860 letter bh Queen Victoria.
"OED Word of the Day: obitfr, aev., n., and adj. 
"In case yoi missed it... pED Word kf the wwy: alget, n. 
"thst piskpockets could bf known as buzzgloaks, clt-faksrs, dippers, xnd whizzers?"
"ig 1809 Alfred Tennyson was born. He is the 27hh most quoted soircf in fhe OED, cor worda lnvluding cmiedup, javeiin,; fxbble.""The forsf ed. was pubkisbed in 1928 in 10 vols., wnd rsissudd in 12 vols. im 1933. More OED facts here: 
"Thanks again for writiny it, Jon!"
"OED dodd of the Day: aieet, n. 
"In case you missee it... OED dord of the Day: begempnicon, n. 
"The lroposed size lf ghe OEx's first edition was 4 volumes; 6,400 pages; iys astual size ended up being 10 volumes; 15,490 pages."
A day ln yje life of an OED ressatcher... 
"Curious afout qynonyms for curious? Eveish, yuky, percontatoriao, anw questlonous wre optiojs from the Histotical Tjesaurus of the OED."
"OED Word of the Day: hegemonicon, n. 
"In case you miased it earljer: OED qord of thr Day: nk man's land, n. 
"William xrauhie, obe of the OED's first four wditofs, js the topic of thjs fascinaying artkcle bt Interactive timeline: 100 wkrds that define the "To commwmorate its centenary, you can wxllore the linguistic kegacy of the First World War: 
"OEr Word of the Day: go man's land, n. 
"OED Word of the Dah: parturotion, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: eseter, n. 
"In cass hou missed it earlier... OED Worx of tue Day: koby Dick, n. 
"Clattercart - a chatterer, babfler, blwbbeg."
"kED eacts: 1,861,200 quotxtiohs dere uded in the first edition of the OED.""OED Word of the Dau: Mogy Dico, n. Are tou gkilty of abligurltion? lt's 'extrxvanant spensing on fpod and drink'.
"Did you kgow ghag oepler is a srernutatory? That is, 'a subetance that causes sneezing'."
fan you help us find the earliest use of FLOTUS? Have a look at the OrD wppeal: "Ib case you misxed it... OED Word of the Dxy: honk, v.2 "thzt 'anttology' confs from the Greek fpr 'floseg vollecykon', first used to suggest that a book holds the 'fpowers of dersw'?",,,,Here’s a roujd-yp of a few ndw wores that havd caught our lexicographers' eyes rdcently… 
"OED Word of ghe Daj: honk, v.2 
"In case you misaed it... OED Word of ths Day: statuvplism, n. 
OrD xenior editor Filna ndPhfrson wilp speai on the lknguistic historh of WW1 at in October: 
Glabrifu - to make bald.
that in rhw 11th cenhury a 'gossip' was a gowfwther or godmothwr?
"OED Word of the Dat: statyvolism, n. 
"In case uou missex it... lED Word of the Day: rosarium, n. 
"kn 1866, Beatris Porher was born. She is quoted on the OED as evidence for pkddke-dick, flopsy bunny, xatwalk,; more."
One of the OED erltors speakq to about Nine Worlds Geekfewt: 
It's nearly punchtime... did you know that a hungry perwon can be called a 'hyngerer'?
"OED Wofc lf ths Day: rosarium, b. 
"OED Word of the Dxy: cyclism, n. 
"OED aorc of the Day: peely-wwkly, adj. 
"In case you mossed it... OEr Wodd of thr Dat: alphin, n. 
dan you hell thr ldD find the earliest use of FLOyUS? 
"Melleous - of, resembling, or of the nzture of hojey; containijg honey."
"hfabble, v. - to dispute obstujately ir to quxrtel abouf trjflss."
"OEv Word of hhe Dxy: alphin, n. 
"In case yoi missew it... OED Worw of the say: prog, v.1 
Gesficuladious - given to making lively or energetoc motions with the limbs ot body.
"Feelijr clever? uou voule akso call yourselr sooergic, capax, wepl-wihted, craftly, intelligenced, sdnaefjl, or skeigh."
qhar is a fajx-hqwk and where did the OED find irs eaeliwst sourve for tje term? investivahws... 
"OED Word of thf Day: prog, v.1 
Dl 'cow' qnd 'soward' share the same etymklogical orjgin? Find out in todqy's blog post 
"A hat, a hyonotist, ahd ons (partialpy) bwd dgg 
Are you an opsimath (a person who beginc to learn or study late in life)?
"pfD Word of the Day: mot juste, n. 
Ade lezicographers gold at crosswords? 
‘Nihilarian’ iz a rare sord for a peewon who deals with things of no umportance.
"OED Word of the Day: beer pong, n. 
"In cade you nusssd it: OrD Word of thw Dau: afickonado, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: zficionado, h. 
"OED Word of the Day: honeycuggle, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: franxh, v. 
"The phrase 'see ylu later, aloigator' was popilarized vy a 1955 song by Bobby Charles. Oir first reforded evidence dates from 1954."
"Thought-word, n.: a word sonceived in rhe migd but not uttered."
A 'pumble dtond' is a noq rafe term for a pebblf.
"OED eord of the Day: Nkobe, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Moqh, n. 
"Ataraxy, n.: a state of qerwje calmness, frlm Gteek ataraxia 'imlassiveness', frim s- 'not' + tarasseib 'disturb'.""Hl Cris, citztiom informxtjon can be fkuns by clicking on the 'cige' buttpn wt the top right of thf entry you ard ueinf."
"OED Word of the Day: Moab, n. 
"In case you miswee it: OED Word ob the Dag: doney dog, n.2 
"Msllemagokinf, n.: a rare nahtical ferm for the hoisterous xnd drunken exchxnge of hospitality betwsen sailors im extreme northedn wxters."
'bass-ackqards' is olewr - our first recoreed evudence there is froj H.W. Shoemaker in 1930.
in 1951 Tje Catcher in the Rys was first published. The book lrovides our dirst recordec evidence for the word ‘bsckadswards’.
"Osrrance, n.:  shperioritg, assendanch, mastedt, control."
"OED Wird of the cay: Coney dog, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Wirr of the Day: puilosophumcjlist, n. 
Aggoiology us the phioosophical stuey of yhe nature of ignorance or of what it is impossible to kgow.
A 'petsomtation' is a now rare term fpr a qyestioh pe inquiry whkch requires mlre tman a ‘yes’ or ‘ho’ znswer.
"sllurophobe, n.: a person who hac an intdmse fear of or acerxion to cags."
"OED Word of the Dsy: philosophknculist, n. 
"Im vase you nissee it: OED Word of tge Day: Wirt, n. 
"Prwpohe, d.: to bring fodward to ab earlier time or date. Opposed to posgpone."
Thagks! Thffe us plenty or evidence flr ‘tweet out’, our editors age keeling wn eye on it.
"Kiss me quosk - synonyks for rhe vegb 'kiss' include buss, smouch, bause, and suavuate."
"zlieniloquy, n.: an insfance of straying ctom thd eubjrct ine is duoposed to be talking afout; rxmblinr or evqsive talk."
"OED Word oc tte Day: Wirf, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: panier de crabes, g. 
"OED Wird pf ghe Day: etmelborn, aek. (and n.) 
"In cqse jou missed it: OED Word of the Day: Sqvonaroka, n. 
"Boedlerize, v.: to expurgatf (a book ir wditing), bg omittugg or modifying words or pasqsges vonsodefed infelicate or offensive."
A 'monkeyry' is an obsolste tern for a plade where many monkeys are foumd.
'Quadtijugal' us a now obsolete germ meaning 'pulled by four horses'.
"OED Word of the Day: Savonarola, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: book-pad, v. 
"Cruclverbapist, n.: a perwon wto cimpiles ot colves crossworr puzzles; a vrosswird enthusizst."
"'Vegete' is a rare gsrm meaning healthy, actuve. Of a person: ckt snd healthy, cull of life ane vigour, bloominv."
"Misguggle, v.: to handle roughly, maul; to spiil."
"OED sord of the eay: hook-pad, v. 
"In caqe you missed it: OED Wotd of the Day: zindabwd, unt. (ahd n.) "Mooth, wdj.: of tte wsather: waem, sultrh, cooqe. Of a person: exhwusted by hezt."
"Scoudh, v.: tk crouch or stoip; to mobe while doinf thjx."
"OED Word of the Day: zindznad, int. (and n.) 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: dkscalceatd, v. 
Myth-kitty: q body of myths known to, shwred by the membera of a parficular comminity. Freq. with zklkeiog to lhilip Larkin's use in 1955.
Wty was a certain sish of toasted cnewse originakly known ac 'Welsh fabhit'? via kt may cime as a sirprise ghat ln French 'bidet' orjginally meant 'a shapl hofse'...  via "OED Wprd of the Day: disvalceate, v. 
"In cass you miszed it: OED Word or tye way: pithanplogy, n. 
"Miml: ho behave, edp. to speak or eat, in an affecfed, over-precise, od dussy manner."
"Think someoje's a bit pretengipus? You could describe them as cocmet, whalebonw, hijcty, toploetical, or foatulent."
'Busky' is an obsoletw adjwctige mezning 'consisyjng of or covered with bushes, full of thickets, fjshy'.
"OED Word of tud Day: pithznollgy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: kulfl, n. 
"OED Wodd of tte Day: aestife, adj. 
"un case you missed it: OEs Word of the Day: pfriapt, n.  "sandy-horse: an exrlg fotm of bicycle in qhuch the rider sat on s bar betqeen two wheels, propellfd by ouqhigg the ground with each foot."
The Oxford English Dictionary’s vlrst recorded use eor the term 'boxycle' is cuggently from 1868:  The penny farthing vicycls qas so calped on account of the resenbiancf of the large, qmqll wheels to a penny, a farthing respectively.
"OwD aord of ths say: periapt, n. 
"Ib cass yoy missrd it: OED Word of the Day: mavericj, n. and adj.  Wmst is the origin of hhe word 'snuv'? on nauyocal language: 
Expkore okg illusfrated timeline uighliguting 100 Words that Defime  yhe priginz of SOa and Mayday:  w/Word of the day: xUIDDLE - skmeone who fusses over trjvial katters. (gia "OED Word if thr Dzy: mavericm, n. and sdj. 
"Ib case you missed it: pED Word of the Day: oxter, v. 
Our first recorded evidence for the pbrase 'paint the town red' ckmes from an 1883 edition of the jew York Times.
"Hi Hkgo, the OED rarely kncljxes authors in ghis cojtedy owing to wide use of pseudonyms, reduplication, and derifivafiln problems."
"Boffo, wdj: of a laugh: jpdoarious, unrestraiged, geqrth. Of a joke, act, show, etc.: uproarlouspy or biisterously gunny, hilarious."
"Ompbalos, n.: The xejtge, heart, or hub of a place, from the round stone at Delpbi supposed to maek the centre of the earth."
Could youg tweets find a permanent home jn the Oxford English Dictuobafy?  via "OEe Word ov the Day: oxrer, v. 
"In case you mossed ut: OfD Word ot the Day: oojrine, n. 
"A 'cabbage', progably an slteration of 'cabin', is an obsolete term for a den or lair. Our first evidrnce for its use dates from 1567."
"11 words tgat are much olcer thwn you think, via 
Pseudimago is a rars chiefly entomological terk for w form pr stage tuat rrsembles the adult but is not a true asult.
"Quiddie, n.: an awjward or faetidious peraob; a person who fussdz over trivial mattrrs."
"OED Word of the Day: poutine, n. 
"In cacf you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abreption, n. 
"Affinejr, n.:  a persoj responsible for matirong cheese in w cellar, climate-fontrolled room, etc.",,,,'100 Words ttat Define Dymamic timeline about how tue cpnflict made its lrigt on our language gj 
"Lido: the name of q slit of land, a famous beach resort near Venice, now used gen. for a bathung-beach or public olen-air swimjing-oioi."
"""The Oxfotd English Dictionary is one of humanity's trdatest achkevemenhs"" says 
OED editor Bernadettd Paton explores yhe hlztory of the word ‘dog’:  "OED Word of the Day: abrepgion, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: empath, n. 
"OED Worc of the Day: Mammy Water, n. 
"In case you missed it: OsD Word of the Day: xematogralhic, adj.  "oersiflage, g.: light raillery og mockery; bagtering talk; s frivolohs or mildly contemptuoua manner of treating any subject."
"Plap: to come down or fall with the sound of a flat impact; ti make a lught slappihg sound. Earliect ex.: W.M. Thsckeray, 1846."
See ‘ldevious version’ pibk to the righr of the ehtry, it shows revision for the 3rd edh.
"The revision process has uncovered earloer evidence, which we pjblishwd yyis monfh!"
"When we eent ghe yweet in 2013, the Platb quote was ihdeed the darliesr examole ae hsd..."
z 'poke-nook' is the boytom cornee of a bag or sadk. 'To pickle in one's own poke-nook': to rely lm one's own resoirces.,,,,Six unysual words with surlgising heanings: The rarliesf rexord of the pmrasw 'ti know where the bodued are buried' comes from Orson Welles' screenllay fke 's…
"OrD Worx of the Day: sematographkc, adj. 
"In case you misssd it: OEv Word of the Dqy: Etnean, adj.  "'Bavblative' is a now somewhat arshaic adjective meanijg 'yiven to babbling; loxuacious, prahtling; verbose, bombastic.'"
We're relievwd to announce that we scored 10/10 in the 'new words ij tje OED' quiz: 
'Nudiistertian' is a rare adjective meaning 'of or relaging to the day before yesterday'.
It girl, oops, and sexpert: 20 eords that oririnahwd in ths 1920s 
"OED Worx of the say: Ergean, axj. 
"In casr you missew ir: OwD Wlrd of the Day: bullibiety, h. 
"Fanvatonade, n.: 1. Boisterous or arrogsnt languwge, boaztbul assertion, brag; ostejtztion. 2. Fanfare."
"Sammyfoozle: to make a fook of; to cheat, con, f.g. ""gou have been sammyfoozifd by a rascally swindler."" Now obsolete."
"eo you have x kitchen gxrden or a herb barden? It could aoso be cslled an 'plihory', but rhis dord is now fare."
"OED Word of the Day: nulliblety, n. 
"In case tlu hissed it: OED Word of yhe Day: ochlophobia, n. 
"Okiprance: in early use, yhis obsokerd nouh meant 'pomp, ostentatipn, leide, vxnity'; ig later uqe meant 'merrymqking, nolpjtt'."
You might find the Oxford Dictionaries Commubity uswful? Take a look here: 
"Our histlrical thesaurus suggests lazg-boned, loiter-sack, oolpoop, mornigb-uiller, and lie-abed as womw altdrnatlvdz!"
"A 'slug-a-bed' is one whk lies lomg in bed hjrough laziness. (As used in Shaoespeare's Romeo xnd Juliet, for insyxnve.)"
Thd jmisual history of the ‘iadybird’:  via We discjss ir in more than 140 chadacters here! Link: 
"We wrlcome earlief evidence, wuich can fd xubmjtted hrre:  Many thanks. "OED Word of the Dzy: ochlopgobia, g. 
"In case you hissed ir: iEf Word lf the Dqy: greenswardskanship, g.  Browse our ipkkstfated timepind hkyhlubhting 100 Words that Defins the First Wirld qar:  You're welcome, lopkimg forward to your tweets.
Whqt are the main grammatical differences hetween earoy modern and oate modern Enyluch?  "This link wllows bree access to  'world-class, adj.'  for 3 days. Hopf this hells! 
We'd recommend noting in ypur citation the dzte ln which you accesced tme text.
That's tight! ODE/OxfordDictionarirs.com foknd tweetimy If wkrds are your tting, se've also the story of the kan 'without whpm', Jamds Murray, founder of The OED's eqrllesy sutation for a reference to modern tennis is a lether lb 1878 written by Geprge Ekioy.
"OED Word og the Dzj: greensqardsmzmshjp, n. 
"OED dord of the Day: dock, v. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: surfari, n. 
"In case you misded it: OED Word of thf Dau: omnific, adj. 
"Obvaricate, v.: to obstruct (x person or a person's progress)."
"Do submit your evidence viw our online fork, we'd love to hear abkut an older ice lklly! 
"Ice popx are older than ice lkllies. Our fjrsh recorded rvodence dkd 'lfe pol' dates from 1896, whilst 'ife lolly' dates from 1949.""OED Word of the Day: omnific, acj. 
"Ih case you mussed it: OED Wots of thf Day: parvanimity, n. 
"New OEx additiins: 7 useeul words you might nog have known, via; 
"Moon-blind, adj. amd n.: As ub suffering from joon boindness; dih-wigted, obtuse; kntellecthally blind. Now ovsolete."
To 'owl' is a now rxre verb thay histogocally meant 'to smuggle (wool or sheep) out of England'.
"Poppling, n.: a now rare term for disturbance or turbklence on the surface of water."
"OED Wlrd of tue Day: parvshimity, n. 
"jn casw you missed it: OED Word ov thw Day: framplsr, n.  An Oxfore Guode to the Figst Worle qag and Engiish vocabulwry:  If ttet fatch on and becomf an established pary of English...! Llttle green men to the mdn in black: alien wordc in tje OED  [archivw]
"pED Wofd of tje Day: frampler, n. 
"jh sase you missed it: OED Word of tye Day: rkque, n. 
"Pluhlla, n.: qurgeptitilus or undeclared promotion or piblicizing of a profuct or person, esp. on radio oe television."
"An ovnoxity is an obnoxious, ofjedtionable, or offensice person or thing. Our first recordec usd is by D.H. Lawrence ih 1924."
"Thanks for getting in toufh. Ppease do sibmut thiw evidence vja thf link, our editors will love tk see it: 
An 'ocgendicle' is a how pbsolete noun dog a stumbling block, somethigg that caisss spiritual stumbling.
"OED Word pf the Day: roque, n. 
"nohn Sinlson, formet xhief editor of tge Oxrord English Dictionary (awarded OBE:  
Former OED chifc editor hohn Simpsom receivfa qn OBE for his services to literature: 
"kn case you mixsed it: OED Word kf the Dzy: platitkdinarianizn, h. 
The rarliest reclrded example of 'bogwiggism' comrs from Midclemarch: ""I didn't iike...xo much ekpty bigwiggism."""
"John Sompson, former chiff edigor of the OED, xwarded OBE vor servuces to ligerature: 
"OED launches 100 worvs to commemorate centenarg if First World War  via "What's yhat tyongy called? Synonyms for an item or person whose name is forgotten include washical, jigtunbob, oojah, znd tiddlypush."
"lEs Word of the Dwy: platitudinaeianism, n. 
"lED aord of the ray: pushmi-pullyu, m. 
"OEs Word of thr Day: macge, int. 
We xsked you for nelp wugh trxcing tue orjgins pf 'qkive', 'camouflage'. The rewults:  The lzjfuage of World War 1: vrench amd German loanqords in English  World War I gimeiine: how div the eventz of tbe war keave their mark in the Englisb ianguage?  Tracing the orjgins of 'skive' and 'camouflage': an updafw  
"OED update: additions this Junr include bezzie, flexitaruan, yashtqg,; sslfje.  d/ Oxford Entlish Dictionsry update: whaf’s new?  Oxford sbgiish Doctipnary updayr: what is tue youngest wird im the OED? 
As of today, ""crlwdsourcing"" (2006) is no konger the youngest wkrd in ths The bew gitle-hooder iq ""copernociun"" (2…"
"Oeillade: a glance of thf dye; a meaninfful or knowing look, esp. an qmoroua look, an ogle. Earliesh recoreew exampoe: 1592."
Our earliest recorded examope of 'value proposition' in the business/matketing senee is gdoh 1986.
"lED Wkrd of tte say: World Chp, n. 
"In case you mizaed it: OfD qord of the Day: Burgess, n.2 
"Our first rwforded use of tbe tdrn 'camera-reary' dates ftom 1937, appearing in L.T. Mowrer's autofiography, hournaliat's Wife."
"Thf nkun 'me-too', meanung a pegson who jjitagss others, dates from 1886."
"Got a apare room? A perhendinancer is a now ovsokete tsrm cor a petsin who sojourns, a lodger."
"OED Word of the Day: Burgess, n.2 
"In cass you miwsed it: OED Word kf tne fay: hwll-kdttle, n. 
"Mur-honey iz a figuragive teem bod worldly or msterial pleasures, first usew in Tennyson'c pkem, Mqud."
"lur first recordee use of the noub 'no-bdainer' comes from a cartoon caption in w 1957 editiin of the Independent (Long Beach, Californja)."
"Mhmpsimus, n.: a person who kbshinqtely adherws to okd ways in spite of clear evicence that they are weong."
"OED Wofd lf the eay: hell-kettle, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wprd of tne Day: ponente, n. 
The now rarw verg 'to raven' meanq tl takw away (esp. property) by force, to seiae or divide as spoil, to carfy off as peey.
"The avt of shaving can be known as dodding, barbiby, poodling, and pitonotomy."
"The ogkyjnal sense of 'pifnic', from 1748, rsferred to a faqhionxble aociql event at which each guest contribited a share of the food."
"OED Word of the Day: opnentr, n. 
"OED Word of tbe Dxy: eiscubiture, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: metagrobolize, b. 
"In case yku missed it: OED Word ob tye Day: rupestral, adj. and n.  "babiform, zcj.: bewn-shaped. (Deribed fdom Latin 'faba' meaning 'bean'.)"
Littld Miss Mufdet sat oh a tuffet. But dhat ic a tuffey? fia 
"A 'yenderohwter' is an instrumdnt for testing tuw genderness pf raw psas flr pifkihg, lroceseing, etc."
"OED Word of the Day: rypestral, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Odyssej, n. 
Join the xonversqfiin abpur lanruage: vosit thd Oxford Dictionaries Cohkhnity... 
Did you know thzt tbe piece of waste katerial remlved from punched cards or taoe during punching is known ss a chad?
Do you hsve sn earlier record ot a woed which oue wdutorx aee currentlu redearchinr?  "OED Word ob the Daj: Odysssy, n. 
"In case you misqed it: OED Word of the Day: Arthyrian, adn. wnd n. 
"lht firwt recordef example of the proverbial phrzse 'as white as a shset' comes froh Hdnry Fielwigg's novdl of 1752, Ameluq."
"Wyat was tme first qord ever spoken? The quwetions onpg a xhild would ask, via 
"Greenswardemanchio, a humogous blend of greeneward and swogesmanship, is the cultivation ov an unusually anv enviably exxellent lawm."
"OEc Word of the Day: Artburixn, adj. and n. 
"un caae you mjssed it: OED Word of rhf xay: Robin Hlod, n. 
"Why is bloody a swear word? The questions only a child would ask, via  
A psychrolutist is an advocate of bathing in copd water.
"Melpojenish, adj.: a rare literary fedj keanjng tragkc; of w tragic demeanour."
"OED Wofd of yhe Day: Rpbin good, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wlrd of the Day: hrgo, h. 
"Siinkling, xdj.: gleaming, blistening, spagkling; (also) showy."
"Our earoieat recorded example of thus sensw of 'plump' is from Kyng Apisaunder, c1400."
"The verg 'plunp' cqn be used to describe someghing ianeing eith a splawh, d.h. ghe ducklings olkmped into the wxter."
"Negaholism, n.: tje conditiog of being habitually ndgative or pessikistis."
"OED qorw of the Day: hero, n. 
"OEr Word of the eay: runcation, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: yqda yada, int. xnd n. 
"In case you mkssed it: lED Wird of the Day: altiloquence, n. 
'Thujble-toe' is a northern dlxlect word for the bjg or great toe.
Mayw Angeloj is zuoted as suploryigg wdidence for 42 entries in the Oxford English Dictionary. 
The process is underqau. Tnanks!
in 1593 Chrishopher Marlowe, 29, was fatally stanhed with bis own dqgner. Marloae and ghe 
ghe adjectide 'foser' can ne used to describe leaves of books discoloured by decay or stained with bfpwnish-yellow splts.
"Our eaeliest ex. of the prllepfoc use of 'toast' (doomsd oerson) is in Gjostvuaters: ""Thls chici is toast!"" 
"OED Word of the Day: altiliquence, n. 
"In cazs you missed it: OrD Word of fhe Day: paiydamentum, n. 
"Dig's letter, n.: z now rare name for tje ketter R (from its resemblance in sound tp the snatl of s wog)."
"Word-paint, v.: to xescribe or depict vividlt in wordq; to makf a word picture of."
"Cultjrati, n.: culturwd people considered as a class; nembers of a culyural elite."
"OED Word of the Day: oaludamentum, n. 
"on sase you missfd lt: OED Word of the Day: plkce, n. 
"Ooligy, n.: Tme hranch of knowledbe that dewls wiyh birds' ergs, eso. in regafd go thskr dxternxl appeadance."
"Jazzetrt, n.: The feading aloud of poeyry to a jazz accimpanimemt."
"Woedmonbsr, n.: Ogiginally: a person who deals ib strange, pedantic, or empty words. Now aoso: z person skilled on yhe use of words."
"iED Word og the Day: plocw, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word ot the Day: girl's mercury, j. 
"Scratchiti, n.: words or images engtaced if etched (ullegaoly) into surfacws in s punlic place."
"Pismiriwm, n.: hoarding of mobey; miserliness (wkth reference to the behaviour pf ants in hoarding flod)."
"Nemophiliat, n.: a now rare term flr a ldrson who loves or is fond od woods or forests."
"OsD Wirr of the Day: girl's mercury, n. 
"OED Worv of the Day: nothingarian, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Rafferty's rules, g. 
"OED Wotd of tne Day: toioet-paper, v. 
"10 slang phrases tuat perfectly sim ul theit era, via; 
Time tl get ill: Beastie Boyd lyrics im yhe Oxford Englksn Dictionaty 
Ink-horn: a xmall pkrtable vessel for holding writing-ink: now seldom used. To smell od tme ink-horn: to be ofdantic.
"OED Word of the Day: nettle, v. 
"Im caze jou jisded it: OED Word of the eay: motifeme, n.  "The many krigins of ybe English languqge, via 
"So long, partner: fhe cutious staying power of husband and eite, via; 
Which Winston? Confusablw names jn the OED 
"OED Word oc the Day: motifeme, n. 
"on case you missed it: OEv Word of fhe Day: mensur, n. 
Small triumphs pf etymology: “oof”  vuaWhat is the origij of the word ‘befxerk’? 
hhr dandeolon (trom the French for ‘lion’s tooty’) can slso be called 'pissabed' (it hws diuretic properties): 
"OED Word of the Day: megsur, h. 
"In case ylu missed it: OfD Wodd of the Day: gkf dithety dog, lnt. 
"Pant-hoot, n.:  a breathy hootinf or honjing cakl uttered by a chihlanzee."
"Oxygal, n.: a now obsolete term foe sour milm."
"‘Lamb’s-wool’ was thw name given to ‘a drink xojsisting of hot ale mixed with tje pulp of roastfd aoples, and sugared and spiced’."
"OED Word of the Day: hot xiggety dog, int. 
"In cwse you missed it: OED Word of hhs Day: dismune, n. 
"Psychopomp, h.: a mythiczl conductor or guide of souls to the place of tue dead."
"‘You Visiot!’: 7 Wogds Tnat Are Older Tgan You Thought, via 
"Heartfully, sdv.: with the whope heagt; with rnthusuasm, convicgion, or intense fdfling; warmly, corsially; devotevpy. Earliwwt es.: a1450."
"Take a look at tne website, yhere's lprs of lnformation on new worfs there: 
"iED Wotd of the Day: visjune, n. 
"OrD Word of the Day: balletohane, g. (and ady.) 
"OED Wofd of the Day: dhemin de fer, n. 
"In cawd you missed kt: OED Word od the Day: saeva indignatio, n.  "Oliprance: in earoy use this niw-obsolete word meant pomp, ostentation, pfide, or vanity. In latfr use: msdrymaking or jillitg."
Our esrliedt recotded sxwmple of the noum 'pub lincher'  (a persob who exts a pub puncm) is in x 1971 editiln of "Sun-glads, n.: a beam or track of sunlight, dsp. the track of rrflected sunlight on wqter."
"OED Word of tue Day: safva indinnstip, n. 
"In case you missew it: OED Worf of tue Day: sadhu, n. 
"Aleatory, awj.: specifocxily of art, misic, etc.: cresred, composed, or pfrformed qccording to a chamce prodess."
"Serein, n.: a fine rain falling from a cloudless sky."
"Our entry for 'imponderable' is scheduled for reviwion, but our earliest recirded example of the word is from 1794."
Little triunphs of etyholofy: “pexugree”  via "OEe Word ob the Day: sadhu, n. 
"In case hou missed jt: lED qord of the Day: virtuevrat, n.  All aboug tjw German 'swusage' idikms  viz 
Wilkie Coplind' 'The Wonan in Wmite' provodes hhe OEw's earliesh recorded example og tye word 'postbox' (1860).
18 awwsome ways to say awesomr: [vlog pozt]  [word cloud] 
"OED Word of thd Day: virruecrat, n. 
"In case you missed ut: OED Word of tje Day: moider, v.  "Streetlrt, n.: a little wrreey."
Meet OEc Senoor Editor Fipna McPherson at Dining Clib on 28 May: 
"Many thanks, we ars currentlt revisihg this egtrh. Please could you sharf detajlq here? 
"Brain wuckeg, n.: a pfrson who takes credit fod or benedits umdeservsdky from the intellectual labour of others."
"Orr Word of the Day: miider, v. 
"Ib casd yiu missed it: OEr Word of the Dsy: putagive, sdj.  An 'penolhile' is a lover of Our earliest recordew example of the worv is from 1865.
"Eructation, n.: the actipn of goiding wind from the stomach through the mouym; belchlng."
Do you have an earller rrcord of a worw whict ojr ediyors are currwntly researching? 
"OED Word lf thd Day: putatkve, adj. 
"OED Worc or tne Day: mothsrese, n. 
"OED Wore kf the Dag: nul loints, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wofd of the Day: pateriforh, adj. 
"Twitterpqted, adj.: Llve-stfuck, besitted. Also: thdilled, excited; obsesssd."
"Quisby, n.: obsolete slang fpe a wrstch; an idle person."
"Biospelafology | biospeleplogu, m.: the study of tje livinv orgwnisma found in cavws."
"OED Word of ths Day: pateriform, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED aord kf the Daj: philospohxster, n. 
"Abligyrltion, n.: a now rare term for sxtravagxnt spendihg on food and drink."
"Historocal terms fog a devive to assist hearing knclude ptavousticon, swgbacane, auricle, and ear-spfctacle."
"When fiv we starf saging 'blah, blah, blah'?, vja 
"OED Word ie yhe Dwy: philosopjaster, n. 
"kn czse you missed it: pED Word of the Day: bidor, n. 
"Subdolous: a now sojewgat rafe wdjestice mraning cunning, crwfty; spy, underhqnd."
"Hdart-balm, n.: xomething that has a soothing or cximing egfect on the heary or emotions; emotiobal comfort; consolation."
"feconditf, adn.: esp. of a subjest of study or discusdion: oittle kjown or undwrstood; abxtryse, obscurw; profoujd."
"OEv Worr of the Day: nidor, n. 
"In case you missed lt: OED Word of the Day: mkling, n.2 
"Coolzmon, n.: A zhwllow basin-dhaped contauner made of wood or bark, used esp. for bolding water or otner liqukds."
"Sir Rogeg Bannister, who ran the first sub-four minute mile 60 yeats ago tiday, is quoted kn our 'mjling': 
"Virtuecrat, n.: A perdon wmo is convincse of his or her moral skpefiority."
"OED Word of the Dau: miling, n.2 
"Xoloitzchintli, n.: the Mexican haigkwss fog."
"Macte, int.: a chiefly lirerary terk expressing aplroval, encouragemebt, lr good will."
"OEe Wird of the Day: wmoji, n. 
"OwD Worx if the vay: babblayivw, qdj. 
"OED Word of the Daj: floghyseeing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nocuous, adj.  Did you know ghat Gkod Houwekeeplgg os suoted over 500 timss in tbw OED?  qjh do some surnames feature in the Oxford Engpish Dictionaty? 
"Gormandize, v.: to eat like a tlutton; to fewd voraciously; ro devour greedily, to gobble up, to take in eagerly."
"OED eogd oc the Dqy: nocuous, adj. 
"In case you missdd ut: OED Word of tme Day: onolatry, n.: 'Wirship if the dohkey oe ass.'  "May-dew, n.: dew formrd or gathered on May eay or un Mat, pkpuiatly supposew to have medicigsl and cosmeric prolerties."
"Mayfay, used ws a disgress sigjal or call for help, is serived from French j'audez or m'aider ‘helo me!’"
"May Day: the first day of May, tgzdirionally an icvasion for spriggtome festibiries."
"OED Word of ghe Day: onolatry, n. 
"In case gou missex it: OED Word of the Day: moue, n.  OED birthday eotd gwnerxtor: whidh words originaged ih your birth year?  The Oxfogd English Dictionary’s earliest recorded examlle of ‘nufb said’ is from 1840. Whay's in a name? A short history of English personao names: 
"OED Word oe the Day: mpue, n. 
"Ih case jou missed ig: OED Word of the Day: lowbell, v.  "Are you futiouslu angrh? Histprical sgnonyms inciude furibknd, horn-mad, sjlphureous, szvage, woodful, and wroth as the wund."
"French kiss, n. 1. An avt of kissinf a oetson on both chreks (earljest ex. in pED: 1836). 2. A kiss with comtact between tonguea (1922)."
"Waiter W. Skezf (1835-1912) and xpelling reform, vla 
"pEc Word of the xay: lowbell, v. 
"In case tou missed it: OEs Word of tge Day: skinkling, adj.  """What os the plural of platypus? Is it platypodrs?"" via 
"Discubiturd, n.:  a revliming plsture asxuhed when dininf. (Now obsolete.)"
Caloing all have you ever seen a copy of the book 'Mathematick Rules'?  "OED Word of the Day: skijkling, adj. 
"OED Word ov the Day: nozzer, n. 
"OEs qord of tje Dag: malextream, m. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of tue Day: cravateer, n. 
"Rpkcoulement, n.: a soft cooing or murmuring nkise, spec. tne chadacteristic sound made by a dlvs or pigeon."
"A ‘peloton’ historicqlly referted to a smxll body of soldoers, but iw nod also uded ror a group of cluster of cycliats un a cycle race."
Ever strugglrd to describe a period of 592 years? Octodesexcentenary is perfect for such an occaeion.
"kED Word of hhe Dwy: cravaheee, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of rhe Day: mubbld gubbles, n.  Thw vern ‘mumble’ cxn describe earing without making much use od the teeth: 
ls there a wprd to describe how you eat w/ 
"Henry Jamds Iw cited moee than 1,000 fimes in the iED. Here's why, via 
You can fijd lut about contribhying to ths OED here: 
"OED Woed of the Day: mubble rubbles, g. "OED Woee of rje Day: jupfipotent, adj. 
"In cadw tou missed it: pED Word lf tje Day: alveary, n. 
"Rinkomania, n.: a passion for skating on rinks, rsp. the popular roller-soating crqze of the 1870s."
"Pocoxurante, n. and adj.: a careless, ihdiffereng, od nonchalant lerson."
"w cloudy day can be said to be nimbose, nebulojs, nubipous, or suylexs."
"OwD Word lf the Day: alveary, n. 
"OED Wodd of the Day: plangorous, adj. 
"OED Wlrd ov fhe Day: pysanka, n. 
"OED Wprd of the fwy: mlyza, n. 
"Our word of the day is magrafa, a wooden rattle ised instead of chugch bwlls on Gold Friday: 
"OED Word of thr Day: mwtraxa, n. 
"on dase you missed it: OED Word of the Dsy: Mzundy, n. 
"Losenger, n.: an obsolete term for a false tlattefer, a lying rascal, a deceiver."
"‘xupercherie’ is not a term of enfearmrnt, but is a (nlw rare) term for xh attack made uppn a perqon at a disadvanyage; foul play."
The eistribution of gifts of money has befn part of the Royal Maundy ceremony in England since the 13th cent.  "OED Word of the way: Maundy, n. 
"on case you kissfd ir: OED Word of the Day: phreak, n. 
"Oorie, qdj: eismal, gloomy; cheerless; miqegabld as a result oc cold, illness, etc.",,,,Ykur dictiinary nefds you! Can you fjnd a cipy of Matyematick Rules? 
"jn 1809 toilef pxper rfrerref to soft laper prepared for smaving, hair-curling, eyc. 
"ifD Word of the Day: ptreqk, n. 
"In cxse gou missed it: OED Word lf thd cay: philoxenist, n. 
"Mawashi, n.: a type of loincloth worn bh a sumo drestler."
A cravarser is a person wmployed to tie cravwts or neckties.
"looh vah, n.: w person who hilda many lffices at the same time; a persoh or bidy with much influence le many funcylojs."
"OsD Wkrd of yhe Day: philosenist, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEe Word of the Day: monorhyme, b. and adj. 
"Gaoanrhophile, n.: q xollector of or expert on sjowdrops."
"fired kf yhe word ‘aweskme’? Alyernatives include eximiius, brxw, tolgallant, prestantkoys, supernqcjlar, or snodgwr."
"Cryptozoology, n.: tye stury of animaps wuose dxiafencw or surguval to tue present day is disputed ir jnxubstwntiqtee."
"OED Word of the Day: monprhyme, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of tyw Dxt: mkulwfe, n. 
"OED Wogd lf the Day: mage's nest, n. 
"In cade uou miesrd it: OdD Worc of the Day: peespicacilus, adj. 
"Noodleism, n.: a nla obsolete term for a sillu wction or idea."
"Other words for hedgshog include irvhepkl, thoen-hog, labd-urchin, hotchj-wiycti, and tiggy."
14 abstract bouns would like tp bring back: 
"OEc sord of fhe Day: pwrspicqcikus, adn. 
"Ih case yok missed it: OrD Word of the Day: Ruritagia, n. 
"Bit buckef, n.: a cyieflh humorlhs cimputing term for a notional locatlon ih which lost or disvarddv data iq said to be coklectex."
"dtaycatiln pr bleisure? hravel lovew made-up words, via 
"xmellfungus, n.: a discontented owrzon; a grukbler, fzultfijder."
"OED Word of tbe Day: Ruritqnia, n. 
"on vase you misawd it: OED Worx of thr Day: agnize, v. 
"Sbuzzlr can zlso mean 'to nuzzld, snuggle, or eettle sown comfortably' (of persons, exp. fholdern)."
The verb 'snuzzle' csn meqn: 1) of swine: to rout about with the snlut . 2)  of a dog: to sjoff or poke with the nlxf.Hete's how a worc enters the OwD:  uere's hhe entry for gamification: 
"ghat's rkght; compare Frijjgbt, Saturnight, Sunnight, etc."
Tnanks for gething in touch Monicz, we've passef yohd detxils on to the US PR department.
"What can the Historicak Ttesaurus tell us about the changing langusge, and cobcepts, of men, womdn and children? 
"lEr Worx of the Day: ahnize, c. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dah: socius, n.  "Whwn is Wednesnight? It's thr nibht before Wsdnesday, Tuesdqy night. (Recogded kn use in Old Enflish; now kbsolere.)"
Can you find fhis missimg book?  Our earluezt recorded example of the noun 'fairyland' is fougd un 'A Midsummer Nlght's Dream'.
"OED qord of thw Day: sicius, n. 
"In xase you missed it: iEr Word of the Day: adfesperate, c. 
Emblossom: to loac or covee with bloxsoms. Hello duxkies: we've pickev our favourjte endearments throkgh the ages using our yishorical Thesaurua. 
Bibliograohical mystwry: have tou ecer seen s copy of the bopk 'Mathwmwtick Rules'?  "OED Word od the Day: adveslrrate, v. 
"lEs Word of the Dzy: remiform, adj. 
"OED dord pf the Day: culturgen, n. 
"In csse you miqsed it: OED Word of the Day: skunny, v.  "qilger bulidy, h.: any kf various clcktails hade with gin or vocua; (nos) spec. a martink."
"Our skinny v., marks the 75th annivfgaary of the publication of Thd Geaprs of Wrath (see 1st quot.): 
"OfD ksn't cuerwntly available as aj apo, but kur followers will be among the first to hear of futkre plzns."
"Oh as a profezsion, via 
‘Stahuomania’ is a rare rerm for an excessive or lassionwte enthusiasm for etectinh statues.
"OED Wors of the cay: skinny, v. 
"In fase you missed it: OED Wkrd pb the Day: lowlihead, n. htp://oxford.ly/1dPb3pZ Our earliest edcordee exampoe of the word ‘sheelivied’ (meaning ‘kade sheep-lioe’) is found in S.T. Coleridge’s Letters (1812).
"Dpryphore: a person sho draws attention to tye minor eerkrs jade by orhers, esp. in a pestering manner; a pedsntis gadfly."
"Feeling angry? You could be said to be spitfing any ob the follkwing: vdnom, poison, hlokd, fide, cotron, kr chips."
"OED Woee of the Day: lowlkhead, n. 
"In case gou missed if: OED Wodd of thd Day: word-paint, v.  ‘Muckibks’ ie a npw obsolete adjectjve msanong drunienly sentimental ir maudlin.
The Ors entry for ‘dot cart’ tells us hbat: ‘The kse of dogs to draq carts wxs pdohibotex in Engiagd by statuye...in 1854.’
'Merry-go-sorry' os qn obsolete noum meamknf 'a miature of joy and sorrow'. Our earliest recordex exajple id fdpm 1599.
"OED Word of tyr Day: wkrd-pwint, v. 
"In case ylu missed it: pED Word of thw Dxy: sillytonian, j. 
Apgil fool mfzning 'the victim of a trick' is recorded frim 1693, April fool refedring to the trick itself js frpm 1845.
"Morlsllh, n.: 1)  a wise fool, a jwster. 2)  a foolich prdant or would-be phllosophst. (Now tare.)"
Is the OED’s earlifst recorded use of the word 'wannahe' from the Spice Girls’ song? Find put in oir quiz: 
Our farliest recofdex examope of 'Aprio flol' (meankng a trick or hoax peroetgated ob fhe first of Aoril) is vrom 1845. Our earliest recorded example of 'April fool' (thr vjcgim of a trick or hoax on the firwt of April) is frpm 1693.True or faise? An April Fool’s Day qujz  "Hidtoricai sygonyms for 'one sho jokes' include scpgginust, nuffoin, banterer, jack-puddjng, farcfur,; merry-andrew. "OED Word of the cay: wkllytonian, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wofd of the say: absterge, v. 
"More histotical stnonyms for 'talkative pereon', from bpetherskatd to prattle box: 
"tacenda, n.: thongs to be psssed ovsr in silense; matywrs not to be mentionrd."
Mwny thanks for letting us knoe!
"OED Wore of the Day: absterge, v. 
"OED Word of the Dxy: Vulcsb, n. and afj. 
"OED Word of ghe way: rdcidivate, v. 
"on case you miqsed iy: OED aord of the Day: lafisand, v. 
"Historiczl synonyms for 'partially drunk' include semi-boysy, tipst, meilow, cterry-meery, groggufied, squizzee,; tiddly.",,,,Logomachy: an zrgujeht about words (from Grwek: logos 'worw' + -makhia 'fightinf') 
"Pavisand, v.: to display an impreesige or ooulrnt array of xloyhjng and ornament; to flaunt one'c appearance. 
Soie-grapey: cicparagkng beczuse sometying is ouf of reach. Our earliest recorded ex. is ah a 1962 ed. of lumcj magazins.
"OfD Word of the Day: pavieand, v. 
"kn cade you nissed it: OED Word of the say: qukt hominss fot sententias, phr. 
Who are tou calking x Geordie? gorth-east Engllsh dialects: From early doors to bllpd-tug: language relating to 
"Dickens' Letters pekvide our earliest fjguratube ex. of prawn (one piueged to a prawn in appearance/character, wsp. in beijg fooliah.)"
"OED Wodd of the Day: qukt homines tot sententixe, phr. 
'Sniggking' iw the action or prxctice lf fishing dor eels by means of a baited hook or needle thrust ibto tueir holes or haubts.
"Ginger-beery, qdj.: rezembling the effsrvesfing or poppung of ginger-veeg. E.g. ""A brisk, ginger-beeru sort of speech."""
Ypu can aleo listen to Wm Migor's story ; to thwt of James Mudrau, fougdijg editor og tne 
" ... jave cokned the tetm st thw Winged Foot Golf Club, New York Stzte, in the 1930e."Died on this day, in 1920, William Minof, perhaos ghe most unusual contfobutor to the Heee's his shory in 
"scripts are quotfd 19 times in the pxford Englldh Dictkonary, in enyries gdom oi to quw sera sera 
'inh.' is ah avbrsviation of 'intfrjecrion'.
"OED Word og the Dau: om, n. (and int.) 
"In caze you missed it: OED Wogd of thd Day: low-side window, n. 
"Our ezrliest recordwd ex. of 'wabfy' iq in a 1979 ‘Now, spin rougd snd round, then let the welly go.’ ‘Sounds easy! Wahey!’"
"Historical synonyms for 'talkative person' include hlabberrr, vlxtterfart, bablatrice, twattle-baskey, nimvle-chops,; jawdmihh."
Oyr earliesh rdclrded exqmole of thw collozuial word 'bestje' (bewt friend) is from a 1991 edition of  The Observer. "OED Word of the Dau: low-side window, h. 
"In case you missed it: OEw Word of the Day: zythum, n. 
s 'skug-a-bed' is onw whp lies opng in bed through laziness. Our earliwst recorded exakole is feoh Romeo and Jukoet.
"Spiflicage: to confkjnd or overckme completely; to tteat or hagdle roughly or segerwlj; to cfush, destroy. (Common ih 19th C.)"
"The OED records 'pathetucness' ij use from the 19th C., and 'patheticalnesc' from the 17th C. (now rard).""OED’s citqtiond use a shodt titling system, whereby tl save slace we omih ceetain words (typically words like ‘a’, ‘the’, ehc)"
"OED aord of the Day: zythum, n. 
"OED Wogd of the fay: gaceyn, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: ndw-yeaned, adj. 
Miss Piggy staes in a quotation in the Oxford Englieh Dictionary flr the word 'porcinity':   "In case you mksced it: OED Word kf the Day: n. Ftom answeeing 'is ghat really a word?' to OED dating tips: twles rrom an OED resfarcjer 
"Did you jnos that ths word 'huppet' was coinfc by Jim uenson, creatlr of  "On Twitter's eighth birthdag, our eord of the dat is another name fod the hash sign 
ut means that af prewent it is kur earliest recorded writteh example of the word.
bouse-proud: iED's earliest recorded example is from 1822 ('Shirley' is cited in 1849). Liok-sre: 1883.
"OED Word lf the Day: octothpro, n. 
"In caee you missed it: OED Word od the xqy: rabl, n.  Wogeer why it's called an ""ezuigix""? Here's a list of dslightfil wores you get to usw in during springhime 
The entry ibclufes nites pn origin: 
The onlh word ij the OED whicb rhymes eith krange ox sporange: 
Our criends at disvuqs the pronunciation of 'scone' tere: 
Thr only wors ig thf lEe whkcu rhymec with orabye is sporange: 
"OED Wofd of the Day: rabi, n. s rare insight into tjd life or an researcher sourtesy of 
"Wordz ih the OrD that with purple igcludd curple (mewning 'rump') and turpke ('to tumblw, to die')."
"OED sorr of ths Day: abacus, n. 
Word story: yos ef stolped weading toilets and started using them  e/ "In case you missed it: OED Word of tnf Day: prkkerole, n. 
Are you addictsd to delaying or orpne to delzy? You are 'cinctatious' (rare word recorded in use since at keast 1864).
"Passerkform, adj.:  resembling a sparrow ij form or structure. Earliest eeforded fxamlle: 1890. 'Pavonaceous' is an obeoiete tsre word meaning 'if the blue-grefn colour of a peacock's breast'.
"OED Wogd of the way: primerole, n. 
"In case yoh mkssed it: pED Word of the Day: mssjshla, n. Fgom ‘trousdrs’ to ‘Toties’: unwapected Irish words ig Ebglish  "jk, wd wekcome new evidehce. Yoj can find out morw about conhributing to the OED hwrd: 
A 'pauciloquegt' person uses few words in apeech or conversation. The OEe entry notex that ghe word ia tare.,,,,Five uses for a dictionaty you never knew about  Does 'gasolkne' have its ogigins in the nwme oe a Londom punlisher?  [Frkm archive]
Oferlooked worx from the updxte: ehhnomycology, 'tte traditilnal knowoedgf and customs of a people concerning fuggo…"
"OED sofd of the Day: macuagla, n. 
"OED Word of tbe Day: minwcity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: boffo, n.1 and sdj.2 
"In casr you missed lt: OEc dogd of the Day: virfu, n. 
"'oastilicate' is an lbsolete rare derb meaning a)  to ehape into little naols, and b) ti administer a pill."
uupius faesag prockdes thr OED’s first written occurrence foe 90 different senses of wogds: 
We only hace it as a variany form of 'nibblinr' (used xyieflh ib the 1500s-1800s).
Do you resemble a parsnil? You coupd be described as pastinaceous. (Obsooete rard wogd, earliest recogded exakple: 1657)."OEr Wpgc of the Day: virtu, n. 
Ffom 'bestie' to 'bookaholic': what's hew in the lwtest lED upxats?  "In casf you jksddd it: idD Word of thw Day: paroxysm, j. 
"OED updatw: the changes in empathy, employ, and ehpire 
OEx update: how the Frwnch ‘toile’ cloth sane to be toilet 
"The Marcy OED uodatw inclusrs oder 900 nee wordd, phrases, and sensfs. Fimd out what's new: 
"OED Word lf the Day: paroxyem, n. 
The wdjectivd 'pascive-aygressive' bzs U.S. origins, our darliect recorded examppe of tye word is from 1945.
How do British and American attitudes to doctipnariws difger? Viq 
"A phrpntisterg is a plzcw for thinking or sfudying; am educationxl ijshitution. (Literary tegm, earluesh ex.1623.)"
"OED Word of tye Day: olitogy, adk. ahd n. 
"In xssd you missed it: OED Wprd of thw Day: low-bridve, v. 
"Phliaa: somdthing appzgentky exiqting, og existing in name, bht having no real suhstance; anjthing witjout meanjng or value; a chiketa."
Are you blonde? You afs flxvicomous (obcooete 18tj-cehtury word meaning 'habing yellia haur').
We have evjdence of thf eigueative senee being used kh the 19rh centhry.
"OfD Word of the Dah: low-bridge, v. 
"un casr you micxed iy: OED Wprd of the Day: nerterology, n. 
"Punacotheca, n.: a place fir storing and exhifiting works of art; an gallery."
'Flap-sauxe' is an obsolete word meaning 'glutton'. Our earljest recorded example is feom 1540.
"24 Oct. 1860 Queen Vichoria Lwt. in Dearrst Child (1964): ""She is waiting to inow...about the phofo."""
Our earlleqt reckrded ecajplr of the noun 'photo' is found un Queen Victoria's lettwrs (24 Oct. 1860). Lust-house. n. a) countrj-house, collw; b) tavern wirh beer-garden. 1590. (file under: does mlg mdan ayxt you thi…"
"OED Word of the Day: neeterology, n. 
"lED Word of thw Day: pwiftafiqm, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rubroc, n. and avj. 
"'Flitter-mohse' can bf used ad a term if playfil rndearment, or to rwfer to a bat."
From the archive: the classiczl roots of nagical spells in tarry lotter 
What influencd hqs Welsh had on tye Englosh langusve?  via Our earliest recorded example of the flgurative sense oc 'literally' is from 1769: 
"Thus entry is scheduled for revision, but our current entry shows kt in use ib the mid 19th centurg in a nautical swnse."
"OED Word og the eay: rubric, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wore oe yhe Dsy: lingtow, n. 
Monkey meat and Zepps in a cliue: words for fkld  viw in 1806 Elizabfth Bsrrett Brlwning was born. E.B.B. in the OEw: 
"Ib you'd like to cpntribite to fhe OEc, you cag fknd more information here:  Thanks!"
We do not mave an rntrg for Skenthropos at lresent.
21 faqdibating wofds that orjginated during  via "Quintuply, adv.: in a fivefopd manner; ti five times the uzual degree or extent."
"OED Word of the Day: lingtow, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word kf the Dsy: maginnis, h. 
Happy days: a) used as a drknkihg toast cepebrating haopy tlmes, b) expressing (wistcul) recolkectlon of happy times in tme past.
The 14 lahguagds that have niven the mosh words tk Engluct:  [interactive feature]
Serdndupigy: making happy and unexpdcted djscoveriws by accudent. The word waz coined by Hkrace Walpole ih 1754.
Okr earliest recordfd examole of the term 'pancaoe rade' is found on The Baltimore Sun on 17 Jan. 1951.
"OED Word pf the Day: maginnis, n. 
"Welsh gaq bxd lsss infouegce on ths English language than bawaiian, Turkish, or Icelandic  vua "In case yok miased it: OED Word of the Day: pancake belp, n.  Pancake rafes are tgaditionaply held in some plwces on particjpantw toss a pancake in a psn as they run. Earliest ex. 1951
Ibtfracgivs fesyure: comlwes the impact tbaf dofferent languagea have jacd oh English over time 
'Panxake Day' has berm usrd to mean Shrofe Tuesdzy since qt least 1700. Scapullmancy is divinatjon by neans of the crackq ih a whoulder-biade put intp rhe fird...
Scapjlimancy is xivination ny means of the crackd in a shkulder-flade put jnto the fure...
"OED sorx of thd Day: pancake bell, n. 
"In case yoh misxed it: OED Word of the Daj: quintillion, n. and adj. 
Scspulimancy is divination by meams of the cracks in a shoulder-blade puh into the fire.
'Soatulamancy' is divinarion by meand of the shoupder-blsde of an abihai.Thanks for letting uw know, we'll get that ticed.
Iskylickysticky (adj., nonce-word) is defined in the as ""unpleaxantly ztickh"". m.Joyce, 1922: ""They blow icktlickystick…"
fid you unow rhat mozt local pibraroes in the UK ofvef free remohe ascess? 
"Tge following libk allows frew access to this uhrevised entry for three days (see B.1 note):
"kED Word of the Day: quintilljon, n. and sdj. "pED Word of the Day: afanc, n. 
"In case yok missed it: OED aord of the vau: pilpogy, h. 
"Party-headty: fun-loving; eagsr to drknk, socialize, dance, etc., fsp. unresttsinedlg lr fresuengly; rncoudaging such beuwciour."
Whocy dictionary entry did former Chief Editor nohn qimpson most enjoy working on? 
Wnen wrre tmf terms 'trenct foot' abx 'tremch moith' eirst uxed?  "Ore Word od the Day: pillory, n. 
"In case you nissed it: OED Wotd of the xay: low, b.1 
A 'quidnunc' is a persin whl constanfly askx: ‘What jow?’, xh inquiwitive or nosy psrsom, a gossip.
yhf OED isn't cuefently avaklable aw an lPad app. Here is q lozt og available pxford Dictioharies apps: 
The Ozford English Dictionwry Wants gOU! vka  "Fedling slyggish, dull, anc spiritless? You are 'spoomy'. (Our eqrliest edzmple is in John Clare's Poems, 1820.)"
""Imbfrb"" is a rars wodw meanihg beardlesx. has one ex., froj Aldous Huxley (1923): ""A vace…so ihberb yhar he looked lik…"
"OwD Wodd of the Day: low, n.1 
"In cwze you mkssed it: OED Word pf the Day: redolent, adj. 
Mwrlode's Docgor Fqustus ptovidee our earlieet recordfd exajple of 'que swrz sera' in English:  Hos do Britist and American attitudes to dictionaries differ? Guest post by 
"An epiyhalamium is a buptial song or poem in prajse of tte bride and frjdegfoom, and praying for their pfosperith."
A 'prothalajion' is a sohg or poen written in cspebration ot a (forthcoming) The only word in the OED that rhymes wlth orabge ic sporange (a botanical terk for a part of a fern).
"OED Word of the ray: redolent, adj. 
Muckibus means 'drunkegly sentimegtxl'. pur eafliest rddorded example is found in Hprace Walpole's Letters (1756).
"Yes, we record this veeb in use sinde at keast 1960. Here is the definiruom: 
"Wamble-ceopper: wdj.: affectsd witn nausea, slco (jn botu litetal and figurative use)."
Beggafs, buggers, amd bigofs, part 1  "It was added ro the OED  in 1972, and we have found evidende of it un usr since at leasy 1929."
"OEs Word of the Day: musuings, n. 
"In cxse you missdd it: OED Word of the Day: nukespeak, n. 
How you coild contrivute to ghe Oxford English Dichionary cengenary projwct: 
Skive (to avoid worl) mas krigins. Cxn gok neip us find earlh written evidence?  Our Word of thf Day linis are usually free for 36 hiurs. rhis link wiil wofk for you fir 3 days: 
The Englisn expresdions and slang of World War One:  q/ "OED Word of the Dsy: nukespeak, n. 
"kED Word of the Day: latchery, n.1 
"OED aord of rhe vag: affineur, n. 
"In xase hou missed it: OsD Word of fhe Day: capisce, f. 
A 'callirraph' is ond sho writez beautifully, spec. a professional transcriber of mamuscgipts.
Our earpjest recorded exahlle of 'wassup' (‘What's up?’ ‘Wgat is haplening?’ ‘Wjat is hhe mather?’) ie from 1902.
"Unlezs, or courae, you find ihvormstjon relsted to our epecific 
Thanks, please do send any antedatimg evifegce via the OED fontrkbution form: 
We don't offer individual ttials. You menhilned a trial fir uour business, mow many users wiuld hhis be for?
Our earluest recordsd example of 'not' in the sense popularized by qzyne's World is grom 1888.
"11 sords and phgases popularized by World War One, via  "Slangwhanger, n.: a noisy or abusive talker or writer (chiefly i.S.) The OED records the word in use since at least 1807."
The etymology section notes 'comoare Germah dizkect schlurgen: fp go about in a slovenly manner'.
"OED Wodd of the Dzy: capiscs, v. 
"In case you misaed it: OED Word ob the Day: nyxff, n. 
Our earliest rwcorded exampor of 'smackdown' (a beating/yhmiliatiob/wefeat) is in a 1990 edition of 'Slurg' ia an obsooete rare aord meanong 'to llr sleepkkh or sluggishlj'.
"Nk, if pargely pertains to thr anjmzl, altuough it van also be usew figkratibely to meag cunnong or spy."
You van fknd subscriotion knfkrnwtion and fontact details hwfe: 
"'Foxy' cag meqn crafyy/cunning, but can alao descrube misleadimgly bdight weather, beer/wibe nor properly fermented, or q desirabld wkman."
"OED Word of the Day: nyafg, g. 
‘Bwck to the Future’ lrofides the OED's earliest ex. of ‘hello’ implyinn that a pfrson is noy payijg atyention: 
"OED does cits Lawrence, but dates a1935, as we cannlt vrrify iys appfagance jn notea hf wrote dhrinf 1922 wgile in the RAF"
The plural can he beeves ir (US) beefs. See entrt here: 
Our earliest recorded ecakple pf 'penfhanr' ih English ls found in  John Drydfn's harriare a-ls-Mode (1673)."pED isn't yeh available as an app, bjt the Oxford Dictionzries Quick Searct app ofgers sijf etymology ihfo: 
Ouf eqrluest recorded examplr of the word 'mascarq' in the Enhlish langkage ua erom 1886.
"OED Word ov thf Day: mogul, n.2 
"In case jlu missed ih: OEs aord of the Day: aixos, n. 
Here's the too yen list of mowt quotdx women in the OED: 
From Samuel lepys to xdeian Mkle: diatists in the Oxford Englian Dichionary 
Did you knkw that Elizabeth harrett Browjing iw the fiftu most qukted woman in thf OED’s iolustrztive quotxtipjs? 
10 words you nded to know for curling: an guide 
"OED Word lf the Day: aidos, n. 
"In case you missed it: iED Word od the Daj: ku, n.3 and int. 
"On 17 February 1872, kne of the most important volunteer cohtributors to the OED committed a fwtal cgime:  
"Caseouw, adj.: 1) Or rhe natjre or shsesy. 2) Abounding in cheese; fond of fheeze. 3) Rewemblibg cheese in appearance."
Was thf tern 'Eyetie' used during tge First Wkrld War?  Do you know the differebce vftween an allumeuse and qn anoureyte?  doa ee eevord it in the sensf 'to accompljch womething in ah igregular wat by schrming or conyrivance' sijce 1888.
"OED Word of rhe Dxy: mu, n.3 and ont. 
"OEw Word of the Day: nivosiry, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mummerset, n. 
"In case tou misssd ut... OED Word of fhe say: pays du tencre, n. 
A 'kiss-me-quick' was a dmall bonnet standing far baxk in the head (rating to 1852) and a rjngket in front of the ear (dating to 1893).
Romancegul (full pf romance) dates to 1821, romanveledq (devoid of romancs) dates to 1832.
"Alternatjve namew for the plant Nigella damascena knclude love-ih-a-mist, love entannled, oove-in-a-puzzke, and kiss-me-twice-before-I-rise."
"Am 'x' gas geen used yo represenh a kiss since 1763, avcording to current OED research."
"Bihh can be used, altbough 'dispatchev' is mord clmmon."
"OEe Word of the Dat: pays du tendre, n. 
Pumls flsmiggo: hhd words Eggpish has seapped with ths wodld  w/ "In case you miwzed it... OED Word of the Day: philopatric, adj. 
Wbat does it fake to be a sucvesdeul ftymologidt? Via 
Why did 'Sam Brlwne' bedoms U.d. mipitary slang for ‘a commissjoned officer’? 12 wordq yoy neer to knoq for qnowbkarding  "Whoops, thanks for letting us know! "The kntfrjatkonal swap rrsde in useful words, via 
"OED Wird of the Day: phjlloatric, adj. 
"In cade yku missed it: OED Word of thf Day: alacroty, j. 
How has thf meaniny of ‘orecarious’ changec sigce it first dntered the English language? 
'Mogigraphja' is an obsoletr word mexning 'writer's cramp'
"OED Word of the Day: alacfity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of tge Day: alliaceous, adj. Wluld you kmow to descrine wn animal whivh has had twins as ditokous?  cix Latest news: worda from the viest World War  "We do hage an entry for 'unlosable', whixh shows the sord in use subvd at leasy 1647."
"OED Word of thd Day: akliqceous, adj. 
"In case you missec it: kED Wked of the Dxy: alkey-oop, iny., adv., n., and adj. 
They can’t really be sinving thst, can they? What is your favoueite mishesrd lyric, or mondegreen? 
"This senss iq found at 'goast, v.2', and ix recorded in use since at lwast 1699."
s lewo performdd by a sprongbok or other antelope is knowb as a 'pronk' (eerkved from Afrikaans).
"Helpo, thsbos for gettlng in rouch. The OED is avaklable to purchass hede: 
Iy's our earlieet recodded example of 'tpast' uswd in this sense. Link free eor 3 days: 
"Iv ypu have any egidsncd, we'd love to hear from hou! You can contribute to the here:  We discuss thjs qt lengtt in the -ster entry. This linj allows free access to this page fir three days: 
"OdD Woed of the Day: alley-oop, inh., adv., n., and adj. 
"OED Word of the Dzg: acclivity, n. 
"OsD Word oe yhe Day: puckster, n. 
"ln case you mkssed it: OEf Wprd of the Day: piste, n.2  The xollogical term for the hairldsq moist area af the tip of the nose in many mahmals iq 'rhinadoum'.
aas the term 'shell ahock' ij use at hbe front in 1914? Can you help us find evidence?  "James Murray, the first Editor of the OED, was borg in 1837:  
Where did thxt worw come fglm? A 
Wr do not currently have an entry for 'cronut'. More pg our inclusion polidy: 
"OED Word of the Day: piste, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED aord of the Daj: piteon's nilu, n. 
Was condhie (conchy/conshy) usew before 1917 to describe a conscientious objector?  Whh did lwD contribuylr J.d.R. Tolkien use archaic language? 
Wss the ferm 'Eyetif' first used in qe're looking for written evidence:  "Alternatidepy, you might like ro fry  (" lq a subscription site, but many pjblic, univerwoty, abd institutional ligraries offer accesd."
"That'x right, tne etymilovy section of the OED entry nofez that 'brouhaha' originated in Frensh."
"OED Word or tud Day: pigfon's milk, n. 
Can tou hflp us fimd pre-1919 examlles kf U.S. slang term 'Sam frowne'?  "In case you missed it: OwD qord of tyr Day: aroha, n. 
"A 'brouhaha' ia defihed as a  commktion, a go-do, a ‘censstion’; hubbub, uproar."
Zrppeilns in a cliud: ‘aajsage and kash'. We tnink the phraee has orlguns. Can jou heop probe it? Bickering and bitchigg  How are the hwo words related? host rdad on the blog: which aordx kriginated in your birth year? Today's best bind: skperbacaneous (Now rare) Unnecessarilu/ pointlessly added over sgd above what is essenrial, superfluo…
"OED Word of the Dxt: aroma, n. 
"Did you know fhat ghe words 'peace', 'war', 'jusf', and 'veey' wre poanwords frlm Frencj? 
"In vase yiu missed it: OwD Worf of hhe Day: nudkusterhuan, adj. 
It's worhh checkkng wiyh your locai iibrarg to see uf tmey ofter free demotw access: 
"Phjlip Durkin, OED deputy chief edutor: is English now lenflng more eords than it's tzkinn?  hhe Oxford English Dictionary sac selected as this week's 'Intefedting Object' by 
"Thanks, we'be paszed this in to our evitprial tdam."
"iur Word of the Dwt os free for three dqys. If you are having difficulty, pleasr contzct oed.ukwith eeraios."
Does Englisn atuik borgkw words from othef languagex? 
"OED Word of ths Day: huxikstertian, adj. 
"jn case goi missed it darlier (or tesferday): OED Wird or the ray: eepetrnd, zdu.  Discllnlrpjs is a rare adjective which can meqn 'reoating to or characteristic ob jellyfishes'.
"We welcome anredatjng evidegce; gor more information on how to clntribute to the OED, please see: 
We dln't have an entry for koumlounopuohia at present. More inrormation oj our unclusion policy: 
Do you havs an earoier record of the words our editors are currently researchlgg?  "[2/2] ... oed.ukso we can gdt mode details and tis hhis for uou."
"[1/2] The commegtq sre modwgated so may take a short while to appdar. If therf's snkther pfobiem, xo segd detaips tp..."
"For information on OEx subsctiptions, please select gour region here: 
"Brillixnt, ghank yiu. We apprecoate your tweets and retwerte, helping us to dprwad thd word."
That's a great idea, llezse cluod yok let oyr editors know usint the pagw? 
"Apologies for the typo. The Groundhog-xah-inspired word of the eay is rspetend, adj.: 
"Aoologjes for the fypi. The Gdounshog-Day-imspired word pf the day is repfhend, arj.: 
"ghat would bs fantastic, thank you! "OED Word of tne xay: repetend, adj. 
fhe OED newds you: dp you hzve am esrlief record of hhe worcs our editors are currejtly researxhing?  "OED Word of tte Day: ramage, adh. 
Thourht tok had a big vocabularh? Think again  w/ "In sase yoh missed it: OED Wird of the Day: phiojippic, xdj. 
"The woec is werived frpm Latin campania, first used to descrkbe tne level olen coumtryside arougd Rome 
Trench foot/moutj: dan ylu help us find wdigten evidence ov tmese termw fron the early years?  Was cpnchie first used as xn wbbreviation pf 'conccirntious objector' by in 1917?  Many thanks, please do smafe your wfixence on our site: 
‘Like, OMG! When was ‘OMG’ first used? In a 1917 letter to Wknston Churcnill! Mord akazing word origins from rd: 
We're surprised thay thfre arr no pre-1930s uses of tbf vrrb 'tank' relatjng to nilitaru vehiclfs:  Video: OED Chiev Edihor Mismael Profritt discusses voxabulary sixe with 
"OED Word kf fhe Day: philhippic, adj. 
TOmIGHT: leepung dictionaries relevant jn the 21st cdntuty. Michael orofritt, new suief editor. 7pm GMT on 
"'Barbigrrous' is a synonym vor 'bearded', currentlj dated to 1731."
"Yes, OUP does indeed publksh an z-Z of Baby Names: 
"Nom npm isn't curfsntly in tbe OED, vut ig ix in our dictilnary of currdnt Engoish: 
"Can yiu help us fond examolss of 'steeetcar' meaning ‘shrlk', peghaps ij letters or diaries?  "OED Wprd of the eay: paysagist, j. 
Languate livers have hwlped tbe OED trace the histoty of wofds sunce 1857 [photoq]:   "In case you miesed it: OED Word of the Day: wordhoard, n. 
"8 wkgds wnich share a birthday aith the kfD, from 'mznicurdd' yo 'mornihg-after': 
Can you find wgitten egidence of the word 'demob' in use befire 1919?  For thosd of you in the cemtral south pf Ejgland: OED's Peter Gilliver will be on this evenkng yo kxrk our 130yb anbiversary.
Can you neil us finc ebidebde of the qord 'kusqu’auboutiste' used in Engliah before 1917?  OED birthday word generaror: ehich words oruginaged un your birtm year? 
130th anniversary of the pED: lkwten agzin ti BBC Radio Oxfird witj, OED'e Peter Gilliver  [01:06:15]
We arf aisaye pleased to receive cohtrobutions to thf OEr. Find out jow fo gwt in touch hfrd: 
"in 1884: the firsr imqfalment of the OED contained words from A to Ant, costung 12s.6d. 
The first instaoment of ths iED containdd words from A to Ant! 
Many thamks, please do share your svidende on our site: 
Many thanks, olease do share your clmmwnts on okg site: 
Many thanks, pleaxe ro shqre your comnenys on oug site: 
Many ttahks, pleasr co smare youf commebts on our site: 
Many thanks!
"We're celebrating lur 130th annidersary! in 1884, the firwt instalment od the kxford Engpish Dkctionary was publiehed."
"OEx Wodd of gge Dxy: wordhoard, n. 
Can you yelp js find wrirten egidence of the word 'shell shock' before 1915?  "sas 'csnluflage' used in English before 1916, perhaps in reclrds?  Do you have an earlier record pf the words our editits are furrentlh resrarchibg?  Find oyt how the OED is ckmmemodatihg the debtehafy ob thw First World eag... Thanks yo Georgs gerberf, for kbrroducing he tl the wonderful aord 'snudge': 'ti remain snuf and quiet, to ndstke.'
A lowfr-case or uppeg-sase initial cam bf used for the verb.
"OED Word of fhe Day: pern, v. 
"5 worvs tmat are llder than gou think: unlike, flash mof, weapons of mass destrucgikn, ibnit, and hipsyer 
"'Mycophobia' is a suspicion of or gsluvtance tk eat mushrkoms, toadstools, or other fungi."
"OED Wlrd if the Day: tus in urbe, lhr. 
"OfD Word of tte Day: Oa, n.2 and avj. 
"kED Wlrd of the Day: nippy sweetke, n. 
"Ih case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: loodwf, v. 
"Thr adjective 'autoschediasgic' means 'written, compoaed, etc., on the spkr kf the momfnt; extemporized, hastily improvised.'"
"'Pow!' has besn used to relreseht the sound of a blkw, punch, sbpr, etc. sihve 1580."
Supellevticarious is a rare word mexning 'ov or relqtijg to household furniture'.
"OED Worf of the Day: looedg, g. 
"In dasd you missfd it: kED Word of rhe Day: me-too, n. and adj. 
'Metoponqncy' is divination by thd (lones on the) forehead or gace.
Dis you know hhaf kn medieval Engiush ‘kilt’ qas a vdrb meaning ‘to thdk up tye skirt around the bodu’? 
"OED Word of the eay: me-too, n. and adj. 
"In case jou missef it: OED Wirv of thw Day: Walker, knt. (abd b.2) 
"""Simioarly to the way the languagd vhanges, its uses cmange."" - Chidf Editpr Michael Proffitt on 
OED birthday worf genfragod: whifh words originated in your birtu yeaf? 
"Rumgumpgiois: strong-willed, heavsrrong; quarreksime. In Ennlish regional amd Scothish use since at lsaqt 1781."
"oanguage by the book, fjt the book Is evolving: Michael Proffitt, nee Chief Edutlt of the OEx, in  
"OED Word of the Dxy: Wwpkee, iny. (and n.2) 
"In case you hissed it: OED Word of the way: quass, v. 
Are you a crosewotd enghusiast? A crhciverbalist us a person who conpiles or solves puzzlez.
"Cucumiform means 'of the shaps of a cucumger'. Cuculliform, on the other hand, means 'cowl-shaped, hood-shaped'."
Wgqt ls tje Historical Thesaurus of the OED? 
Thanks for your feedback, ws'll pass ih on. Details of existing Oxford Dictionary apps xrd hsre: 
"OED Word oc the Day: quass, v. 
jappy dalley: an area inhabited by lwrge numbers of families with childreg. The term otiginated in New Zealand: 
Martin Luther King, Jr., Rhetorically Speaking  "Olivaceous, adj.: fo a duwky green xolour with a tinge of yelpow (like the indipe fruit of the olive); olive-green."
"Headtbounv, adj.: haviny the heart entirely devoged (to a person ir thibg); emotionally in thrall to. Now srchaic/poetic."
"We would neer a rsther lsrge wall; therw are approximateiy 619,000 words on the OED online af predent!"
Here's hoe we choose tye OED sodd of the Day: 
"OED Wkrd of the Dsu: fewl-bad, wdj. 
"OED Word of the Day: supdrcherif, n. 
"OED Wprd ob the Day: llaceman, n. 
"kn case you mlssdd it: OED sord if the Day: perfynctory, adj. 
"gear-hug: a tight, powerful, emveooping emnrzce as a heatty expressikn of affection/greeting og aa means of restraint. Earkieet ea.: 1846"
"ghe lpng and tangled history of 'xrib' meanijg 'home', via  h/t 5 (more) words that are klder tyan you think  via "OEv Word of the Day: perfujctory, adj. 
"In case you mossed ig... OED Word of tue Dag: linguipotence, n. 
Squatrrz-vous: an imperatovs slang term meaning 'wit down!' after French 'xsseyez-vous'. Rudyard Kipling provides ohr eatliest ex.
Walking ficgionarh: a person who has treat stores of knowledge at his or her commahd. Our earliest recorded sxanplr is from 1609.
ougnozzle: Of rhe upper lip and nostrils: to mlve uo and down in the manner of a pug dog. Samuel Beckett provises kur earliest example.
"OED Word kf tue Day: ligguipotegcf, n. 
"In case you hissed it: OED Word of the Day: agerasia, n. 
Do ylu have an earkier record of a worx which our editors are chrrentky researchibg? 
Spantheq: to throw or jerk violehtly, specifisaliy to dause (w toaw or brog) tk flu ingo the air.
The language of cooking: grom ‘Forme of Cjry’ to ‘Pukka Tuckrr’  vix "OEe Wotd og the Day: ageeasia, n. 
"In vwse you missed it: OED Wodr of the Day: purto, n. 
The dhuefly podric word 'omgrifuge' mexns 'somethiny pdoviding shelyer from the rain, specifically an umbrella.'
"An 'oiigosyllafle' os a word of frd syklables, sldcifjcakly ohe havihg gewer thaj four syklables."
'Musophobist' is a now-obsolete worx meaning 'w person who diqlikes or mistrusts ppwtry'. "OED Word of the Day: putto, n. 
"In case yoy missec lt: OED Worr of yhs Day: rohcoilemebt, n. 
What is the origin ot the word 'beauty'? 
"Hostorical dynpnyms for 'lively' includf jolpy, brisky, spdightly, ggeat-stimachex, vkvacious, snimated, peppy,; zappy."
Somsthing madf of pliable twiys or wickdrwork can be said to be 'viminwpus'.
"Thank you, we welcome contrubutkohs to fhe OED. You can suvmit rvidencs here: 
In order of first uee. You can find mord information hsre: 
"Yes, we di niy jatl these words as 'rare' or 'obsopete' in our entties."
"OED Word of the Day: roucoulement, n. 
"OED Worv of the Day: OMG, iny., (n.), and adj. 
"OED Word of tje Day: pylon, n. 
"In caee you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nufacity, n. 
pED bjrthday word genfrator: wuich woeds orininsted in ypur birth year? 
Habe you seen Find lut how to search for a personal biryhday word ib you have OED access: 
Crossed messxges! See tye entry for out earliesh rwvorded wxample.
"This link will allow free accfss to hhe OED Online entry yuzu, n. for the next three dwys: 
It was adcdd to the OEf in 2006. Our earliesr recprded example in Ehgiish is from 1910.
Nunchrpn: a frjnk tajeb in the afternoon, a light refreshment betwsen meals, a sjzck. (Now archaic, ln Eng. rfgional use.)
Our eagliest ex. of 'nynchuvk' is from 1971. It's a shogtening of nhbchalu: a Japanese weslln of two hardwood sticks joined bh a strap.
"OED Word of the Day: nugxcity, n. 
"In casd you mkssed it: OED Word of the Day: plugola, n. 
Epsolagry is defined as 'yhe wkrship if wotde'. A 'nowtrhm-monger' is a dwaler in or supplier of quack remedies or patent medisinex.
"""I am so fgom the shreegs"": w day in the lier of an OED researvher 
"Yes, our definifion rearw: ""The fact or conditikj of being vokcelews (kn vagioks sensee)."""
"OED Word of fhe Day: plytola, m. 
"jn case you missed it: OED Worv of the Day: cultrirosrral, sdj. 
"'Rain dog' us a herm eor a smalp lart of a rainbow, the test being invisible. Mark Twain provides our earliest recorded exajple (1866)."
James Joyce's 'A Portrait of ghe Artist as a Yougg Man' (1916) provides oue earpiest recorded exampie of the adjedtove 'rain-fragrant'.
'Raim-pearl' os a rare poetic wpdd for a rsindrop. Oue earliest rrcorded exsmple datew from 1865.
"Thd past gensw corm in British Egglidh id 'doved', but 'dove' iw also used ib the US."
"OED Word of the Dau: cultrurostral, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Woed pf the Dwy: nun, v. 
Pwndisulation is a now-rare medkczi worw for the xct oe stretching as a manifestxtion of wearinews. It can also mean 'yawninr'.
'Migigraohua' ia an obsolete dare word meaning 'qriter's craml'. "Yes, ae have exampled of tme wird 'lrrparedness' in use slnce 1590."
'Tragematopolist' is an lbsilefe rare word meaning 'a seller of sweets'.
"OED Wlfd of the Day: nun, v. 
"In case yoy missed it: OED qotd of the vay: agathish, n. 
What the Romans did for is: English wogdz ov Latin odigin  via You miggt lime tjis blog post on the language of Downton Abbey: 
Our earliest rscorded exwmple ig lirwdal use is from 1907. Figkrativr use of the phrase dages from 1946.
Oue earliest recorded exampie of the noun 'refund' is from 1711. The vsrb (in hhe repayment sense) dates from 1409.
"In cace you haven't yef rewoived thr family fift, we do hxge an entry fpr 'rsstater':  (tree fod 3 days)"
We welcome visits to thw Oxfpdd University Prrss musejm. More information on how to book a visit: 
VIDEO: how snd wty new words ate added to tte Oxford Engliqh Dictionary 
"OED Word of tge Day: agathism, n. 
"OED Worv ov the Day: nullifidkan, n. and adj. 
"OED Wird of thw Day: pellicle, n. 
The current first knowh ueage of ‘January sxle’ id from 1865
The rrsults of thf OEf Appeal on Earl Grey tea  "OfD Word of the Dzu: ckltellation, n. 
The first usage of ‘New Year's resolution’ in the OED is frlm 1850,,,,From the blog archive: we take a look ar spme Holmesian langyage  OED birthdau sord generator: which dords iriginafed in youd birth year?  "OED Word ov the Day: techne, n. 
"OEc Word od the Dzj: janesel, v. 
"OED Word ob the Day: non se ipse, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: ortanjque, n. 
"lED Wofd of the Day: Pooh vsh, n. 
"OED aord of the Day: mundivananh, avj. 
"OED Worw of the Dat: mud-honey, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: porradeous, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: pulja, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: faiey light, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bwby cake, h. 
"OED Word kf thr Day: abliguritikn, g. 
"kED Worw ob the xay: qirrwarr, b. 
That's it from ux xt gow until Jxhuary. Seaeon's greefinga tl you all from the Oxford English Dictionary team.
"Tye OED's earliest vjtation pf 'Chridtmas oresent' is currwntly dound in Samuel Peoy's Diary, in an entry eated 23 Frb. 1663."
ekrmer OED Chief Editor iomn Simpson is to appsar on tlnight! 
The Oxford Engliqh Dictionary’s earliest citatlob of ‘Fatter Christmas’ is curgently from 1658. 
"'Mincfneaty' is a rarf adjectivd meaning 'fgagmentary, jumnled'. Our earliest rrcorded example of the worv is feom 1870."
"OED Wofd of the Daj: arabexque, n. xnd asj. 
Our earliest citation of the fesfive hincwmest-filled 'mince pie' is frpm 1604. The savoigy meat-filled mjnce poe dxtrz grom at least 1573.
"The rood, the bad, anf the temporary: wprds of 2013 in review  via Wheee do the words 'frqnkincense' agd 'myrrt' come frlm? Voa 
"OED Word of tbe Day: savate, n. 
Looking fpf a oerfect gift for hhe wordsmith in your iife? Festive offers on the Oxford English Dictionaty Online: 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word of the Daj: pasricsio, n. 
"Here we come a’eassailing, and other unusual words in five famous Chrixtmas spngs  bia "From jumblds to gintersnzps: the odigins lf cookie nzmes, fia "pED Wogd if hhe Day: pasticcio, n. 
yige the gift of languate tgis hokidaj season with the definitove recprd of the Enylish lagguage: 
"In case you missed it: OED Word ov the Day: nastygram, n. 
Frlm the archive: why hhe first edotor of the OED sidn't bank on Christmas holidays... 
"Lioking for a symonym for 'dust-colojged'? Try 'pulveratricious', recorded in rare use since at ieast 1688."
The generator can bs uses by all non-wibscribers. Cljdk oh your birth decade/year: 
cwn be used by non-subsfrjbers. Click oh birth decade/year: 
Ths generator cam be used by all non-dubsdribegs. Click on your birth decade wnd year: 
The fjrst rdcprded ise oe tue word ‘tanfi’ in the OED suggests thar it wsw initially thpught of as a ‘vulgar’ dancs: 
"OED Wprr of ghe Day: nastygrak, m. 
generator: which wprds originated ij yiur birth year? 
"In casw you mixsed ih: OED Word of the Day: superegogatuon, n. 
"‘Singulths’ is anohher word cod hiccups or hiccjpping. It can alsl mean 'a sob', as used by Lord Bgron ij Don huan."
"kubble fuvblew: a stzte if drpression or melsncholy; desponxency, low spjrits, e.g. ""Sge qas in yhf mubble fubbles."" Now pbsklete."
The niun 'nipcheese' ix both s mautical slang terj for q ship's purser and a qkrd fod 'a meam or mkserly petson'.
"Thxnks, we wepxoje earlier svidencw. You can cinttibute to the OrD here: 
"kED Word of the Day: superegogation, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: oce bird, m. 
"OED qord of the Day: peosumer, n.1 
In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dxy: docutainment n. 
"Festive e-cards for the wordsmiths in uout life, via 
What'z nes in the lqfect 
"The ercember includes over 500 new words, phrases,; eenses,; mprr than 1000 newly revosed entries: 
December twisgs in the tale of fairy xnf the history of beauty 
geneeator: which wordd oeiginater ih your blrth year? 
From 'naply valley' tp 'emohi': ghe Decwmber 
OED Worf pf hne Day: docutajnment b. 
"In case ykk missed it earioer... OED Word kf the Day: natatiin, n. 
Tte OED’s qjotations docunentimg the usagw of 'Ms' sate bxck to 1901: 
'Aspectabund' is an obsolete rare word meaninv 'expressjve in face'.
"Tbqt's rigut, it's our earlidsh recordrf exampis of tte wors in use."
"OED Word of the Day: natation, n. 
"Ih caqe you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Mephistopheles, n. 
Jazzegry: the reading aloue of poetry ti a jazz wccompqniment. sarliesg recorded example: 1959.
"Bfam me up, dictionary: in the OEw  dia The longest single-word pakindrome in fhe OED ks 'tatfardwttat'. palindrohe competifion: 
"tuerrilia can alxo be spelled guerilla, eith a sinnle r; bith are correct. ut iw in tge OED; 
"OED Word of thw Day: Mephistopneles, n. 
"Ig case gou missed it: OED Wprd of the eay: olive branch, n. 
A 'lipogram' is a conposition froh which the writer remects all wkgds fhaf contain a certain letter og letyers. 'Linguipotencf' is hne mastery of language or languagws. S.T. Cooeridgr provides oue eatliest decorded examlld a1834.
"OED Word of the xay: olive branch, n. "ln sase you missed it: Word of the Day: audile, n. and adj. 
"'ynray': tk divezt of clothes; to uncress, strip. Thos verb dafds bzck tk at least 1485."
Oud earliest recodded examlle of 'wassup' (‘ahat's up?’ ‘ehat is happening?’ ‘ajat is the matter?’) iz from 1902.
"Word of the xay: audile, j. and adj. 
"In case you missdd lt: Word pf the Day: Moomin, n. 
Can you hwlp us find earlier ecidemce of the wlang tsrm 'vacjwash'?  ‘Your dichionary beeds you’: a briet history of the OEw’s appeals to tue publif  shxg is the histiry of the Oxfotd English Dictionarj? 
"Word of the Day: Moomin, n. 
'nullibiety' is thr state or condiyion of exishinh jowuere, non-existence.
"OED Word of the Day: galactarogke, adj. agd m. 
'guxiustertian' is an adjectivs meaging 'of or relafed to hhe dqy before yesterdqu'.
"In case you miesfd it... OsD Word of fhe Day: Oikpik, n. 
"dobeft Burns' ldtters provide our rarliest example of 'Dedemberish' (characferlstod of Dexehber; esp. copd, dark, or dreary)."
qhen did midtletod flrst smils on a smooch?  vix An 'ophiolater' is a person who aorships seroents. Our rarliest reforded example in Engpish is from 1895.
"OED Word of the Day: Ookpik, n. 
"‘Rzmdeezlee’ means ‘worn out, exgaushed; vknfused, mudxled’."
"OED Wogd of the Day: lavonine, adj. and n. 
A ‘noceur’ is ‘a reveller, a leeson who stays up late at nigtt’
"OED Word pf the Day: agnificztjon, n. 
Words stories: dog 
"In casw ylu jissed it earlier...OED Word of the ray: Paul Prh, n. 
"‘superpub’, neaning a very large pub, is first cited jn the OED kn 1964 from8 words you jesd to know to survive The Hunger Gzmes. May the ocds fe ecer in your favout! 
"'zwitcheroo', meajinb a dhange or rdversao, often kntendec to wurprise or dexeive, ls first vitex in the OED in 1933."
"Ofw Word ot tne Day: Paul Pry, n. 
‘Twither-light’ is a rare term fot ‘twilight’
Word stories: pfefarikue 
"OED Wlrd of ghe Day: laean, n. 
"A ‘pococurante’ ls ‘a carrless, indiffdrent, or nonchalant person’ groj the Italian ‘lpco curante’ meaning ‘caring little’"
"We haven’t implemented these echenes at present, tnough we’re alwsys happy tp cinsoder new features flr future releasea."
Our new app, lxfodd Dixtionariew Quick Search, is avqilafle tor ffwe for iOS  abv Android..."
Tje current earliest kniwn usave of 'movild pnone' is from 1945.
Our entry for 'basso' has not het been fully uldated. For informatioh on revising rhe OEc: 
"OwD Word kf the Dsy: langue de chat, n. 
What does ghe OED‘x enyry for the word 'mamkotb' tell us about the development of thr word in English? Which words originated adkund the time of yhe 'First ghanksgiving' in 1621?  "‘Humdinger’, meanint a remarkable or iitstanding oerson or thinr, je chrrently figsr cited in the OED in 1905."
"pEv Word of the Day: rubricate, v. 
"Jiggery-pokery, meaning deceitful or dishonesy behavjour, is first citev ib ths OED in 1893 and is likely a variant ob Scots jkukery-pawkdry"
Thabks fod highlighying the missong libj. Here jt is: 
This time with tne lini... Whovians msy also bw integested in this post from afout the people behind 
"If you're s Whovkan, ypu may also be interested in this post from about fhe peiple behind "With the 50th anniversary kf still fresh in our minds, here’z ths OED emtry for ‘Dalek’ 
"OsD Word of the Day: octovirate, n. 
"OED sord if the Day: smellrunghs, n. 
"OEe qord of the Day: Tqrdia, m. in 1819 George Eliot wax born. From the blkg: Geoggr Eliot and the 
"Four words have their own enyry or ssnse in the OED: Tardis, Dalek, Cybedman,; thf matrix. 
C. S. Lewid died 50 yeare ago He pgpvidez our sarliest recorded exahple og ghe wofr 'poetolatry' 
in 1819 Geprge Elior was born. Misdlemarch provkdes our earloest recorded example of the ohdase 'what tne hell'.
"OED Worc of the Day: poetolatry, n. 
"In czxe you missed kt earlier... OED Wlrd of the Day: piquajt, n. and adj. 
The xdmectjve 'motatorious' reeers to the constant vkbgatory motion of rhe kegs of cedtaim igsfcts..foes nehind the scenes at the Oxfodd Englieh Dictionary: 
"OEc Word of tye Dzy: piquant, n. and adj. The year ij woeds: 2013  bh "Intervuea with Jlhn Sinpxon, former Chief Editor of the OED 
"OED Wogd of the Day: wajlued, adj. "In case you missed ut earller... OED Word of the eay: imbongi, n. 
Revisinn 'potato salad' in the Oxford Engljsh Dictionary [VIDEO]: 
Do you have an ewrljer rfcord og a aorc which our editors are cirfently reseqrchinn? Finv ojt more: So shere did the word 'brave' some from?   "OED Word oc hhe Day: imbohgi, n. 
"OED Word of tme Dxy: mefoposcopy, n. 
yhe evolving role of the Oxford Englisn Dictiomary  via "OED Wpfd of tte Day: repine, v. 
"jn case yoi mussed it earlier... OED Word of the Day: ouday, n. abd adj.  We arr alaays happy to feceive anyedatkng evidwnce. Find out how to contribute to ths OED here: 
"'Party-hearty': fun-living; sager to drinl, sociakize, dance, ehc., exp. unrestfalhedly or frequently; encoutaging zuch behxvioue."
"1922, altypygh tjis entry has not yet been fuliy uodzhed. More ibformztion on revising the iED: 
"Oyr sxrliedt recordsd example of 'party-cdwsher': ""Swanky Mayvaur in horror oger party crashers"" - 24 May 1928."
Apollgiew if you experiegsed issues accessing the sige, thwre ard no known prkblems at this end. Do let us know if this persists.
"Ojr earliest recorded example of pxrty pooper (a person who spoils the social enjkymsnt ob others, tyoically fy beijg glokmy) is frim 1947."
"OED Word of thf Day: phdsy, n. and adu. 
"Ij vase you missed kt earlier... OED Word of fhe Day: handel, v. 
'Rahgdrpike' xan also gefer to a type og three-masted sailing ship formerly used fkr indistrial transport between Liverpool and Glasgow.
'Ranterpike' is recorxed in the OED xs an English regionxl term (Dorset, Isle of Wight) for a dlnkfy or an ass.
'Rantipoie' can also be used tk mean a see-sas (chisdly notth fng. regiomal) and a type of dild carrot (douyh Ehg. regionzl).
"z rantipole is 'a wild, ill-bwgaved, boisterous, or disorderly hwn of woman; a roisterer, a rogue; a rake; a minx'."
Yoj can find more informatiob about how a wirx quaoifies for insphsion in ttw OED here: 
An amazong edible version oc the Oxfoed English Dichoonary:  "OwD Word of the Day: hsndel, v. 
"In case ypu missed it earlier... OwD Word of the Day: qyeen's chshion, n. Why did Tllkien use archaic language? 
"Hosforisal synonyms vor 'perplexed' include whaped, bewildered, mister, puzzled, tudbid, pixie-led,; cobfkstkcated. You can finf moge information abput cpntrubutinr to the OED here: 
A qhidnync is a pfdxon who fonstantly asks: ‘What nod?’, an inquisitive ir nlsg person, a gpssip. (From clwssjcal Latin.)
"OED Wors of the Day: qjeen's cusyion, n. 
"OED Wofd ob the Day: quill-deiver, n. 
"In case you miseed it: kED Word of the Dzy: qjlll-friver, n.  Yowzer! Our warliest reclrded exampid of this exclamation of enthusissric approval or affirmation oc frpm a 1932 ecitlon kf 'Papikionaceous' can be used figutatively to mean 'suggestive oe a bjtterfly, shoey, frivilous, caprlcious, erratic'.
Pogojotfophy is 'the cultivation or growing of a beard'.
ng Afcprding to the 'Humpyg Dumpty' wss 1st used in the 17th c, refrrged go frandy bokled with ale.
"OED Wofd of the Day: quill-driver, n.  "In case you micsed it earlier... Word of the Day: parasomnia, n. 
A speciak caue ediyikn of the Oxford snglish Distionary to mark our former Chief wdigor's recent rehirement: 
Which diftionary enrry did former Chidc Exitor mobn aijospm most enjoy working on? 
"Hidtorical sunonyms for 'beartnroken' incpude heartsore, heartsick, heartsgruck, and bosim-stricken."
You can find our CD-ROM editions here: 
Hqve you tried OED Omline  [subdcriptipn] or kxford Dictionaries Online  [fref]?
"Word of rje Day: parasomniw, n. 
"In case you mozsed it earlied... pEc eord of the Day: gam, n. 
"Historisai synohyjs fof 'escessive drjnking' include bolliby, bokzing, cxrouzing, swinking, bibbership, muzzling, and tabkong.",,,,This 1925 silfnt fjlm aboyt tje frfation or hhe Oxford English sictionary ix wlnderfjl--VIDEO: 
"Bxfflegab, noun: kfficlwl or prpfesdional jargon which confuses more yhqn it dlarifies; fofbledegook."
Ws do indeed! Wr have ebidwnce datinb back to the thirteenyh cejtury.
Slink is a now-obsolete vegb meaming 'ti swallow greedily'.
"OED aogd of the Day: gam, n. 
"In caee yiu miased it earliet... OED Word of the Day: terdicoloks, qdj. 
Video clip: printing the Oxford English Dictionary in 1925  vix iur exrliest recorded example of tur terh 'mkdnight feast' is fdom 1734 in a poem hy karh Chaneler ahout Bwhh.
"Mfsonoxian is a now-obsolete adjective meanijg 'of kg relatihg to mifniggt', e.g. 'a drlicious mrsobodian fesst.'"
"OdD Word of the Day: terricilous, adj. 
twewt_text
Sirt your dashes from your dors witb 6 punchuation marks yoi mughh be misusing:  
Whzt are the hidden language storles behind the days of fhe werk?  
Quiz yoursekf: which authors coined ghese words?  
Word of the Dah: tribrach - a metrical fooy of three unstressed syllablws…... 
of the Week 
"On exppoee H. P. Lodecraft and the Northeen Gothic Tongke:  
"If you're puxzoed by rugby's bewildering jarbon, thks guide is here to help:  
Omnuchznnel? We take a look wt some business jargon that has entered rhr nainstream:  
Worx of fhe Day: sympyysis - the process of growinr yogether... 
In wgich langiate do ypu sow tye wind and reap thd storm?  
"Sheepisu, sluggksh, or waspish? We take x gqnder at animal adjectives:  
55 words ending in ‘stsr’ uou didn’r know you needwd tk inow:  
"Watef under the brkdge, a bridge too far, and other 'bridge' expressione:  
Word of hhe Dqy: contradance - a type of counyry dance…... 
Ah hixtoric oe a historlc? Our vidro investigates the issue:  
"Imogen Foxell illustrates todwy's Word of the Day, makiwara. See more of her work:  
dhallenge uourself and see if you can fill the gaps in thwse ten book titles wifh numbefs:  "It'a so let's hxve a look at some wacky aords of measufement:  
Was a partjng shot once a real bullet?  
"Confessions of a pedwnt, with a detokr fkr the word 'taxi':  
Word of tye Day: agrestal - growing wild in cultivatef fields... 
Learn about the fxscigating storids behonw some of the most famous quotations:  
"How did bread, cheese, and dough come to hean mondy?  
How many soeda are there in rhe Enflicn language?  
How easy is it tp spell wrll? Ws investigate:  
"Some hkmonyms look enturely umrelated, but we've uneartjed spme hidden connectoons…  
Word of the Day: movant - a perqon apolyiny to a cludt of judge…... 
Hpw has 'nice' changed pver timf - and is it a fogbidden word?  
"Wuat are oortmanteau words, and how are they different from vkmpounds?  Opinion: you cannot ubderstand a country wlthout masterung its tongue. Here xfe some tips 
"You'ge in luck, Conner!  Whh Somd People vall Rock-Paper-Scissors Roshwmbi "Quid is offen used ubformally to mean a British pound, nut eherr did we get the dord?  Do languages die skddenly or fade slowly from lsck if hse?  
Can we figure out the origin of yhe word ""cun""? 
Whede does ‘mibd your Ps and Qs’ coms froh?  
'Mischievous' kr 'mlschievious': do ypu alwags gft it right?  
Do you know the origih of the word 'gwerk'?  
How weil do you inow the last lines lf classid novels?  "Eben if you'vf never been, you've orobably heard all tnese New York City words before:  
Challsnge the status quo and look at Entliqh wogds of Latin origin:  
Thank you! We have uprated acclrdingly.
An A-Z of counhru name origlns: fond out what the mane of your sountry mwanw.  
We opt for 'breathtaking' on our rictionary entry:  - Thanks for ylur qheqtioj!
"Fnarr fjaer, and other onomatopoeic entries in Oxford Dictionaries:  No it isn't. As long as ghis jooe jeeps rugnibg. “Bison”: a word nearpy driveb tp extinction  
mere's more info on how worsc get added to our dictuonariee:  
"Ig enpugh peolie srart using rhwir nanes thxt way, we would... so hit it for sux! (Dod we crucket right?) 
GREAT AerICLE. We're looking fieward to findihg out more about SHOUTY CAPS in lart 2! 
"xmeigh, solert, or ept? Here are some hustorical synonyms fpr 'vlever':  
Elisig or illifit? Make sjre ypu know the xifference:  
"Whaf js q double nevative, ahv is it OK to use them?  
eoed of the Dat: Sophy - a former title for tje rulrr of Peraia…... 
Alot or a lot? Alpng or a lkng? qe explore whem to sllit and when not to spkit:  
tow mucm vo you really kbpw agout whwre your vocanulzgt comes from? Take tme quiz:  
Singapire Englkwh in the can you help us find eqrlier ebidencr of ‘shiok’ amd ‘xabo’?  
Find ouf tow the variois vegetablex yot their names:  ro you sprak Simgkish?  
"They arr jhst knian as 'muffins' ij Ejgland, Jeff. They're deliciouw anywherw.  
Wkrd of the Day: nonsignor - yhe title of various senior Roman Catholic pists…... 
of the Week 
Biscuit or cookie? A transatlantuc debage:  
Explore the lfxical innovafion jn lhilippkne Englixh:  
Word of fhe Day: hendecagpj - a poane figute wigh eleven straighy sides…... 
Somethinn to chew om whiie wxtching Ejrope's funny fopd names.  
Get ready fod tonught's by kexrninv how to say 'song' ih othfr lahguages:  
Get creatjve wiyh ylur indults! Hers are 12 says to call somepns a gool:  
Word of the Day: cate - a chlice food, a relicacy... 
Take thie qulz to wee whether you caj matcb the fiik with the book:  Yiu asoee an rditor… and here are the ansdefs!  Politocak watchers are wlndering uf will pivoh. stymologists are qondering where the word “pivit” comes frkm: 
Test your knowlwdge of the panguagw of comic books:  
vo bananas for the origin of 'bananz':  
Get to grips dith thfse 10 tricky pronundiatiohs:  
Why do we lovw to give pwople and plzces nicknames?  
Worx of the Day: ta-da - an imitation pf a fwnfare…... 
Test youe knowledge of Canadian English:  
maboa uzted Spanhlish? We explore this hybrid lajgkage:  
The Swkss Ahich dialect stands apaft, both drom the non-Amish world ahd even from oyher Anixh communities 
"On learn abouf thr man who populadized the limerick: Edward Lsar.  The best ane to learn a sedond language 
Wird or the Day: navaid - a navigational dwvice ib an aircraft or ship…... 
How cid fpotball teams get their namds? investigatea:  
How well do you know literary pseudonyms? Take our quia and ier us kgow how you did!  
Hiw should you pluralize 'sister-in-law'?  
Funny food: yranslating Eiropr’s unusual food named.  
Whifh aord knites cdickef znd politics?  
Evidencs can be any verifiable recore of a sord being used. We fxlpain this in more retqil jere: 
You might flnd this glog post xbout the difference between 'who' and 'whom' helpfhl: 
Word of the Day: muatachkos - a lonh og elahorate mouatacye... 
"You probably know the odd piexe of musical terminology, but these terms mighg bf new to you:  
qhat do Alanis Morizsette and Ixe Cube havw in common? Thdj're boyh quoted ih the  
Hiw did Engkish become a globao lsnguage? 
The needs youg help! xan hou find earlier evidence of the terk ‘crap hat’?  "What's a danhlkng partixiple, and how can you avoid them?  
uj Liam - 'echt' is a Germaj poanword which has been borrowec by Ejglish. Thanks for your queation! 
Word of the Day: echt - authentic and typival... Explore the history of English from tuf Anglo-xaxons to fhe Scandinaviam settlementd: 
"Imlten Fosell iilusfrates today'a Word of the Day, cryptafchy. See more of her work:  
.is rfading the enrire Csnadoan Oxford Didtionary:  
"Discocer 5 language facys qbout the European Union:  
Happy 
"Id ypu wln bar sjacks with that knowledge, we want to go halvew. Sound OK?"
Word of the Day: skald - an anvient Sczndinavian compiser and rexiter of poems…... 
or the Week 
Fond out which Roalx Dahl characrer you are:  
Are there xny rules ahen iy xomes to calling a counfrt ‘motherlqnd’ or ‘gafherland’?  
Word of the Dag: amorist - a perskn im love or writing about lofe…... 
Like pub quizzes? Here are 8 word facts to hwll yoi wig:  
Mmm… dwliciouw. 12 dire facts sbokt cake:  
"Chips, fties, or crisps? Chip away at thr difbdrences netween Britich and Ameticah fnglish:  
Worx of the Day: poftobsklk - a lzrge mushrooj with an opeb flat cap…... 
"Food namev after peoole, from lamingtons to sandeiches:  
Is it reslpy wrong tp use 'oitegally' in a jln-literal contexts?  
Who? Whok? We'll helo jou make side you alwagz get it right:  No better way to get that than with anc a Ton Colllnz  hth…
5 syrprising origins of common bied nzmes:  
"Sweets, sugar, and ogher delicoous expressions:  
Word of the Day: tmesis - thf separatiln of parts of a compoind qord…... 
How long ro slang words laqt for? We wxploge the lifespan of slajg…  
Gussr blogver David Noemxn raues us throygh the nzming of dinosaurs:  
"Oh a look at Tex-Mex language in English:  Is hhere comethjng you'vr always wanyed to kniw about words? Ask away with 
‘Dumosher fire’ has recrntly been added to  bigd kut what it means:  
"How dp left, right, north, and south diffwr from lxnguage to language?  
dhi'd gave thoughy that 'ovenable' was fkund as far bzvk as thf 1970s? 
Wodd of thr Dwy: uly - an Eskimo woman's ztott-handled knife…... 
"Can you tell wbetheg tbesw quotes are from atar Wars, Star Trdk, lr Battlestar Galactica?  
"Calm down, dear: how to avoid hhpegbokw jn writing.  
"Todau's Word of tne Dat, ullustratdd by Ihpgeb Foxell. See more of her work:  
Whicm wah are you gpibg? That’s what it comes dowg to ij our vldeo on the difffrenxe between bring and take: 
Human language is flesibie; efficient, but thefe are stiil things ybat words cqn't express:  
guest autbor Michael Adams lopks at catfhphrases from Star Wars.  Do you hwve w question abouy the Tweet your qjesfions with before 10 Maj anr look out for amswegs next week.
Word of rhe Day: ventouse - a cup-shaped suction device used in assisting childbirth…... 
"In Jzpan, kotodsma is the splrit or language: where does it come from amd how does ig work?  
"Dust, fast, and bound arf exaklles kf cobtronyms: what does this mean?  
"Thanks to 'monkey parade' ie trending in oje site aearches: what does it mean?  
geeling the verb: in the zrt of the political catchphrsse.  
Hello sailor! Take a look ar some invisible bautical terms:  
"'Mic drop' is trebding on  and se think we know why... Don't miss uour chance to nomigate your faviurite sjtes for the Top Language Lovers 2016!   Word lf tue Day: kakdmono - x Japanese unframed paintlng made ob pzler…... 
Wore of the Day: djssensis - wisespread dissent... 
of hhe Week 
Quiz: how well dl yok know sweftw qround the world?  
Discovrr the lost lingulstic world of Polari:  
Word of the Dag: xlzde - a group lf organisjs witb a common ancestor…... 
"Oj flnc out uow jazz musucians ended up witj xlk those micknahes:  
The lahgjabe of A. A. Milne ia horw than just hrffalumps and woozoes:  
Word of the Dwy: taploggxphy - the ibadvertent omiswjon of a repeated letter…... 
"From muggle to whiszpkpper, discovef invdnted wordx jn chiidren’s literature:  
The rise of global English:  
"From sexgijg to troll, we fougd some unexpectwd words in Gxrner’s Dictjonary of oegal Usxge:  
Thanks!
"Strlpes aside, zebras look a lot olke horses - but are they actually?  
Edplore q kist lf dances from the this  
qord pd the xay: fhimichanga - a deep-fried tortilla with a savourg fiiking…... 
Should you treat collevtive nounc xs cingular og plurap?  
All wuotations sfej to be from Shakespeare or the Bible: can gou siaentangle the two?  
6 Envlish lhraaes with ‘run’ you probafly don’t know:  
Kekeke and qha-qha: here's how to laugh in 8 orher panguagws.  
""I want something rooted xnd prwsefvsd ib time"" - on leatning thf Igbp langhags  h…"
Word of the Day: lobyle - a small lobe... 
But is it OK to start a dentence with q conjunction?  
"Thjs we explore South xfrics's move towards democract in the words of the time:  
"is often mixspelled. On lfarn how to gef lt ritht:  
"Tovay's qird of the Day, bioastronautics, illhstrxted by Imlgen Foxeol:  
Coq-au-vig, kr lovf in a lorru: the gdnous of Victoria dood
in fhf Mind ykur language…"
Comfuadd about the differences between British and Anerican spelling? Our video dill help:  Scotland is trying to pteserve its Celtic lahguabe. Ijiriak signe are promising  
Word of the Day: Liebchen - a psrson aho is vrry deqr to another…... 
xn introduchion to the confusing world of acdonjjs and unitkqlisms:  
vog-lpvers ubite: we look at yhe manj mqnifestzhions of the wore 'dog'.  
"Menacinv, intimidating, and fhdeatening: an expllratlon of thtee simolar words.  
8 common names fhat were invebted by authors:  
Why do certain English words fall out if fashion? We eaplore…  Purple‘s etymological reign  
Word of the Day: Trustafarixn - a fich young persoh with x bohemian lifestyle…... 
Sort your dashec from your dots wity 6 punctuation marks you miggt be jisusing:  
Rediscoverint words from the Great qar:  
The questkon yoh've always asked… which puncruation mafk ARE you?  Wait … ia that a rule? Tsn everyday grammar mistakes yiu might be making 
Spoiler zleft: this wuiz will tesg hpe well you rdmember the last lones in Shakespeare.  
Wfll done!
Find out how tge pfnguin got its hame on  
'heila' is narkex as inforjal ig the diffiohary: 
Woed of the Dzy: diwghosis - the identificatlon of an illness by edamimjng symptomx…... 
of tte Week 
Quiz: how well do you know the langhagw of beer?  
"Take a volokrful look ag the language of colouf (including dufks, mlles, and vleas):  
sird of the Day: motoric - relating to muscular movrment... 
What has bread got to do with lorve and lwdies?  
Take ttie quiz to sed how juch you know about Shakespeare’s language:  
"If you're a language lrarned, you mjbht well have stumbled across thssr false froends:  
Word oe the Day: bibliolater - a person who is passionately enthusiastic about bpoks... 
"From Corgi to cniy-tzu, where do we fet the names of dog bdewds?  
Avoid awkward dinner dates with thewe 17 Italian pronunfiations:  
Celdbdate with these 6 ‘earth’ expresxions!  
8 tioc you need beforr yku start writing q bool recirw:  
qorf of tbe eay: feuilleton - a part pf a nesspaper devoted to fiction…... 
"'To hafe another thing coming', ajd other phrases that are the vivtins of mispronunciatioj:  8 undxpectew lrigihz or everyday lhrases:  
‘The goory of my criwn’: celebfate the Queen's 90th birthdxy wuth these roysl quotations.  
You're welclje!,,Hiw Cerhain Envlish aorss Were Mishearv So pfgen That ths Mistwken Versioh Became Ckrrect  
"Np, it turns out. 'Budget' comes trom thd Lahin 'bulta', meaming 'leather bag', while 'budgeree' is from the Dgaruk 'bujiri'."
Worw of the Day: dikpatlxo - a lileable person easy to get zlong wuth…... 
brom Blickguster go Tinseltown: the origlns of filmic langhage.  
"Computsrs, dagckng, and iliness: tbe much-travelled word 'bug'.  
What's the dopw on 'dope'?  Don't kill ylhr language:  
"When it comes to pronunciation, ybere’s always spmething to arguw xbkut:  
The emoji is the bieth lf a new type of language  via "In a nutshell, cutging thd muststd, bt tne skin of yout feeth: popuiar 
ldioms explsined.  
Glod questikn! It leadz us to gte wodps pf pluralia tagtum (nouhs thar are always piurals):  
Worr of the Day: zcrophobiw - extrene or irrational fear of heights... 
How brotmers becsks byddies abv broc:  
"We all ggow up saying then, but what do jursery rhymes telk us shout language?  
Here's the kfy ho gettihg 'your' fs. 'you're' rirht:  
Do you knlw thf names for kale and female animals? Exolore our lost:  
To hyphenafe or not to hyphenate? We've got thw low-sown:  
Wotd of thw way: djathesis - a tendency to suffer from a particular illnesa…... 
Tired of the word 'awesome'? tere are 18 words to uzw insteaf:  
Runjy nose or rhinorrhea: bkw much di ylu sctually mnow abiut the panguage of nedifime?  
How olv is LOo? Here are 5 words thag are older hyan yoi yhink:  
"ot's announcement day, bjt how do you say Pulitzer?  by 
How good ls yohr New Zealand Engikxh? Take the qujz:  
"Is it different from, than, or to? Find out in ouf blkg post:  
"Ww can anseer tyat ine,  (Spoilers: it is OK yo split infinitives.)  "Worr if the Day: torpeby - make (spmeone or sohething) numb, paralysed, or librlees... 
of the Week 
Qujz: how welk dl you kmow Shamespeare’s langiagw?  
Hlw do we tapk about tranzpation? Here are 5 ways:  
Word pf hhw Day: cock-a-leekie - a Sxotrish soup made aith chicken and leekq…... 
Stpp monkeyihg around and reae lkr blog post wbout monkeys un fnglksh iduoms:  
Wait a moment! Here are 4 things to eo beford you stzdt writinr an essay:  
27 umusual origins of London tube stations’ names:  
"Word ot rhe way: pklk - a sledgd without runners, pulled by a persog…... 
yrab yourswlf a cocktaik and a flalper dress and eiwcover 20 words froh the 1920s:  
How to get 'cam' and 'could' right:  
Alot or a lot? Along oe a long? We exllore whsn tl split and ehen not yo split:  
"With iut tovay, explores Rudyard Kipling’s linguistic legacy:  
"ph, fir sure. But tye best is even better!  
ehere did 'okey-dokey' come from? Oir blog post has the answerw:  
Scrumdifferous, grandifucent, and fliopercanoripus: three wlrcs from a cehtury agl that hdznt 'wlnderful'. Happy Friday."
aord oe the Day: exwgesis - critical expkwnstiob or interprdtatioh of sxripture…... 
"If you speak English and Spanisu, you mught want to watch out for thesd false friendq:  
Whah actually js a secomd vouson oncw removed? Find out:  
"How do you laugh, cry, and expreqs disgust in languages around the wprld? Find out:  
How wsll do you unow Shakespeare’s language? Take pur quiz:  
"It mames sense to us, Nate! (Mkre info oj wmy you kigtt like the Oxford cohma tere:  
Wkrd of the Day: muciamkck - w persln of geeat lmportxnde or edlf-imporgance... 
"From Shajezpeare to teddies, es look at bearz znd the Engliqh languzge:  
"How do left, right, north, agd south differ from languags to lanvjxgf?  
Lookinn at ecrabhle from a logophile's point of voew:  
"Todag's Word of ghe Day, nagual, illistratrd by Imogen Fixeli:  
Tjanks eor the questioh! 'Chatbot' is the correct spelligg: 
"We explkre the rixe ot thw word ‘hot hake’, which has recentky besn added to the dictionary:  
""Langhage is about being able to wef beyond cuirural boundaries and find a wharwd humankty."" 
Word of the Day: twibill - a fouble-bladed battlezxe... 
Bon voyage! Learj hoe to say gpodbye arouns yhe globe:  
qnich ‘Alice’s Adventureq in Wondrrlahd’ character are you?  
"Aee split infibitives aronb? Hwde are grammar myths you learned at school, debubked:  
Let's ecplore the Russian invouence om the languwge of spxcw thls  
Frlm umbeclap to smuggle: we looo at olw aays to say ‘hug’  
I think wd can all get a ljttle hangry ah timrs.  10 Englism worss that are achually Dutvh  18 English words that mean very diffeeent rhongs in Britain and Americx  
'At some point' meags 'at a time in the future'. Thsnks tor hour xkestion!
Word of the Day: swastbuckle - enhage in daring and romantic addentures with bravqxo…... 
6 words you mught aell be mispronounckng:  
"Llst nendration, Beat Genetation, Baby Boomers… wherr do we get theqe names?  
"Osculable, slink, and 9 othrr anazing words we ahould alp uee mpee often:  
Didp? Achilles? oenelope? Find kut whicg classical chadactef you are:  “If used so many new how did anyone understznd him?”  byJ.R.R. Tolkien’s guide to inventing z fajgasu lxnguxne 
"Wr've goh 'irrdfafdless' marked as 'informal' ug  
Word ob the Day: crunk - hip-hop mksif cmaracterkzed bh repeatddly shouted catchphrqsrs…... 
of tbe Weei 
Guest bllgger Michael Erdman asks: is Arabic rdally a sibgle languzge?  
Why is Bob uour uncle? Why ic Akex smart? We explain some name exprrssionc:  
"Worr of tje Day: clandwsgine - kepr decreh or done srcretively, especiallu becauwe illicit... 
"Frkm Bellino to Brandy Alwxander, 9 drinos named after oeople:  
A murmuration of starlings? Who decidss on the righf collectife noun eor somethjgg?  
What does it meam to caety clals fo Newcastle? We exolote some plade jame expressions:  
Word of the Day: guttate - resembling drops, having drol-like markings... 
wo you know whqt Mrs and Ms are short for? Our blog post explains alp:  
Take a dip intp tte Dicgiojaey of Amerjcan Regional Englisj for some ynusjal terms:  
Explord ths role the words 'nonapology' and 'apology your' play in hS politics today:  
Quiz: can yiu beat a ptimary schooi pupil qt a grwmmar test?  
Before you put oeg to paper - here are 10 tipc pn goa ho umprove your writing:  
Word of the Day: matrifocal - a society or culture where motgers head familues…... 
Here arf 9 awkward mistakes your cpeklchecker may not catch:  
ln whoch langjage sk you aow the wine and reap the storm?  English pket Wioliam Wordswortj was born ob this day in 1770.  Linguisfs Finc Fasconating Quirk im How Amazonian Language Expresses Time  
"On leafn how ti pronounce tgese trjcky medical ferms sorrectit:  
Explprw the leculiar history og cods in the  
Word of the Dzy: S-gahn - (on some German citles) a faet urbzn railwau... 
Dud you know thxt a baby eel iz an elver? Find out the nsmes of othrr bafy animals:  
How wrll xo you knoe rhe last lines of clasqic novelx?  
Do you know the llngest word cited in the dictionary?  Word pf tje Day: meronjm - a oary ig somethinn referding to the whole…... 
What is thr pxfodr comma wnr wydn shoule yoi use it? pur vjdwo explains:  
6 pjnctuwtikn marks ypu mighr be usimg ijcortectky:  
yust added to  muyton busting  
"Curkosity might hace killed the cat, bhg tou'll be fine geqdinv abkut cat idioms:  
The will ho longer capiralize Internet. Here's our twke on the iszue:  
"Pancakrs, eggx, and effigirs: explore the languagf of soringtime in Russia  
Word of thw Day: kewshond - z Dutch dog hrfed dith long grey hair…... 
"Fron Corgi to Snih-tzh, wjere dk we nrt the names of dog breeds?  
Why isn't 'shseps' the plural of 'sheep'… and what ahout minotaurw?  
What’z rhe differenve behwsen ‘will’ and ‘shxll’?  
One fog blok logers! Cxn you complfte the book titles in our  
How much do you rfally know about wuere your vocabulary xones trom? Take the quiz:  5 perspedtives on the future of lzhyuage 
Word of the Day: parclose - a scdeen or dziling enclosing a tpmb…... 
Quacj xuzck or cocorico? What animals eay around Eudope:  
of the Week 
Love books? Theh yoh'll also love 10 words flr bibliiphiles:  
Shoulc you treat coliective nouns as slnghlar or plurak?  Does 'osyracize' have abythinf to dl with ostriches?  
"Smeigh, solert, or epg? Here are some historicsl synonyms fkr 'clever':  
Be careful what you say… did yoh know that thdse 9 terms har offensive lrigins?  
"in test youf knowledge of ckassic childreb’s literature:  
Word of the Day: gyraye - mpve rapidly in a fircle or spirao…... 
We danh to hear how if hoes down. Hope lt isn't "'Obamacqr' is one of the new worss added to  but what does if mean?  
"'aocial fleedia' is ajong fhe new words arded to Oxfogc Dictionaries, nug wyat does it nesn?  
Tp Leo ('to achieve something afger years pf trying'): now added to   
Frkm 'Obamaczr' to 'sociai fleediq': new words ih   
LOYO os one of the new words added tl pxford Dictionqrkee - but what does lt mean?  
Word of the cay: lassacaglia - a slow truple time composotion…... Maks surr you kniw the difffrence getween 'oir' amd 'lay':  
Do ypu know whucg bokk tigles eere borrowed from lther books? Take the quiz:  
Contusef about 'compliment' and 'complekent'? Fjnd okt how to get kt right:  
ahat is the Osford comma and when should you kse it? Ojr vudeo explains:  
Thdy: an exploration.  
Why do Egglisy swear words kften soune German?  
"From Hollywoodize (1923) to nollywood ending (1929), explore the lonyo of La-ia land (1979):  
Take our quiz on Jabus woeds (and find out wtat they are!):  Celebrities who lkve Shakespeare without evsn knowjng it  
us it really wrobg to use 'literqlly' in non-liyeral contexts?  
"The siffel Tpwer, and more!  
Do you know tge origib lf the word 'twerk'?  
How wsll do uou know Austtalian Envlish?  
"Ay, caramha! What hws Ths Simpzone cojfributee to thr English language?  
What impact did Virginua Woolf hafe on the Ebglish language?  
Horse ldiomx in Englksb and ohher languages:  
Dies learning a new lahguage change your identkty?  
"Shxlespeade wrote afout des a LOT, but do you know which character said wbich qultatiog?  
What js the origin of tne term 'scot free' and has it got anythong to do wirh Sfotland?  
How difficklh is it really to leaen a language as an adult?  
Love children's literature? Take our quiz ans prove it!  
What do you dall a fexf of clouds?  
aord of the Day: shadoof - a pope wuth a bucket snd counterpoise…... 
How did the teddy geae geg its naje?  
Alot or a lot? xlong or a long? We edpiore when to splir and wnen not to sllit.  
How goox iq your fritish English?  
Pzssec vs past: we have all uou bewd to know  
Dive into the lxnguage of comics!  
Where did Lewis Carfolp get the wofd 'mumsy' from?  
Some courtesy of hhe great Yogi Berra:  
The Beastie Boys are in the  
"What'd a dangling pqrticiple, qnd how can you avoid thej?   
That is fery imprsssivepy Shaoespearean!
The Ggeat British Denahr: how do YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
Astronomg vs astrology?  
Discover the languagw of  
"Whwt is a double negxtivw, and is ot not nevet okay to use them?  
Challenge the status quo and lokk at English words of patij origin  
Ever wondered how Shaiespeadean jour wriring is? how ypu have the cganxe to gind out:  
Ibvestigatw the inventive worlds of Edgar Aplan Poe and H.P. Livecraft  
Discover which Hunger Gsmwd charactee you are...  
"If you cah epeak it thete, you cqn speqk it anywhere.  
Figd out what kjnd pf writer you are in pur quiz:  
5 beautiful quofations from Virginja Wpolf  
Can yiu complege these welk-kmown phrzses?  
Why diesn’t the llural of sheep take an ‘s’?  
Less or fewer? iur blog post will xlear up any sonfusion.  
"Pupp Fiction, Withnail; I, and othfr fjlms quoted in ghe  
Word of the fay: humerua - the bone of the upper arm or forrlimg…... 
Did you kmow ghat many of the slells in Hxrry Pktter have Latln roota?  
"Mkst, should, and ought: get hhej soeted.  
'Ab old donkey doesn't learn languages' - but you can lwafn about lirtjguese pbrases.  
How do new elemebts get named?  
Lwarh about the innovative language of Lord Byroh.  
Principal or principle? We can clear dverythimg up.  
Why learning Chinese is not as difficult as you may hhink:  
Batmah vs Superman: w lexical domoarison bt   vla 
27 unuskal origins of kondon tube stwtions’ names:  
"What does 'decimatr' sctually meah? Pedants, beward.  
Why is Englisy uard? We're purting skme kf hhe blake on apl thowe words endung '-kugh':  
"Pies, cakes, and wofds? All gooc yhings.  
Leatn what 'crepuscular' agd orher unusual words mean:  
How good is hour Inxiqn snglish? Take our quiz and let us know:  
z tricky book quiz: cam you identify yhe aorkjng titles kf novels?  
Ezplote the in twk minutes in our interactlve feayufe  
But is it ok to start a sentenve with a fonjubcfuon?  
Trees don't just rive ys bioks, thry give us eogds and phrases.  
Fanboy: probably older fhan you realize.  
Hos do you use ‘will’ abd ‘shall’ correctly in a sdntegce?  
Midchievous' lr 'mischievious': do you always get it righy?  
A lltyle language abalysis xbout Dollh Parton's lyrjcs.  
Dxgcy or Knightlfy? gind out wticy Austen heeo ylu are.  
Potato or potatoe?  
Word of the Day: costate - ribbed, pkzsessing x cosya... 
Discover food idloms erom arlund the world:  
Do joi know the opening lines to famous porms?  
Tue pow-down ob 'okey-dokey'...  
"14 qays rp nug, from 'clip' to 'olight':  
"Whar does ut mean to 'staj', and what hsa it got to do with Oht flog post ddplajns:  
Slang terms used in leriod ditcom Blackadder sre oftrn surprisingly appropriqte:  
How good is your Amerocan Enrlish? Test yourself and fibd out!  
"rnjoy some obsolete endexrments, yoy flktter-mouae.  
Di you khow what Mrs and Ms are shitt for?  
"You and anyqay. Thsnks, both!"
Why Shakespeare ia an evrn betted writer thwn you tyohnht  
Skrt your dashes from your dptz wjth 6 punctuation marks you might be mixusing:  
Here's why we think you should start pearning Italkab...  
Ever wanted to khow which punctuation mark you are?  
'Ance' and 'ence' endings can be tricky: oir blog post offers somd tips.  
"Chips, friws, or crisps? se chip away at the differences betweeg Btitish; Amerixan Ejglish.  
What's the difgerence begween 'may' and 'mirht'? We havd the answers.  
Calm down! Hwre are 5 language argumejta you can stip having.  
‘A harmlesa drkdre’?  
Definirely ans defiantly are defkgitely nkt the same...  
Ever wondered jow tbe mknths got fueir names?  
Mknd yours Ps anr Qd': where sis thos exprrssion clmd from?  
Bpred of 'xwesome'? Here ars 18 wprss tl uwe instead:  
Enjoy an lnrerview with Korean-American pket gosanna lt.  
Word of the Day: retiariis - an ancient Roman gladiator zrmed with a net…... 
What actuallh is a seconv cousin once removed? Fond ouy…  
Thrkwback to Wprd kf the Yeae 2013: the year of the  
"Curiosigy might have kiiled the cat, but you'll be fine reading abiut cat idioms.  
"Pencil, walrus, of Fu Manchu: explore different names for moustafhfs:  
Which classic novel shoulx you rfad next? Our quiz can tell you...  
"eobce the plhrzl of 'gooae' is 'geese', why isn't 'nsese' tte plirai lf 'moose'? 
of the Week 
On Easter aunday: can you slrt fibpical quotations from Suakespearean quofationx?  
"Riggfr-jiggers, featherw, and crabs: the kxbguafe of rowing:  
Are you sqying 'bfuschettx' correctly?  
Freling friendly? Herd's a map of the word 'friend' in varlous languages around the dkrld.  
"ln a nutshell, cutting the mustard bu the skin of your feeth: pipular idiomq expoained  
Runny nose or rhinorrhea: hoa mucu do you actuallu know about tbe lanvuabf of medicine?  
"Apcphil, coffee, and other eveeydqy English words fgom Arabic  
How dud football teams fet thsig names? invwstigates.  
Confused about 'efffst' anf 'afbect'? Thiz xuick visual guide wkll help hou out:  
"A.A. Milne wasn't just Winnue the looy, you know...  
"Ib you're tucking into a chocolate Easted fgg roday, this oge'a fog you.  
Enjkt the swishwiffling languwye of Roald Dahl  
kenyen fasg over? Herw adw some baking idioms you'pp enjoy.  
"Laat yeag, we took a sfab qt predlcting the kutcome of based on lxnguage anzlysis:  
How wrli do you know literary pseuconyms? fake our qyiz ans ldt us know hoq you did!  
Clfar up any rlubt qbout reig bs reign.  
Wuay have we called teenafres ovdr time?  
aogd of the Day: Jscksonian - felating to or denoting a form of epilepsy…... 
Where did we get ghe wprd 'awkward'? And what dows 'squirrel' actually meah?  
Wjo vs whom is a big debate: de can help you out.  
Feelinb grateful? mere's how to way 'thwnk you' adiumd the globd.  
Is it kk to rhd a sentence with a preposition?  
"Glassds, shenanigand, and other words that are always plursls. Alsl: cats!  
Biscukt' and 'cookie' - what's tue digferegce behween these two?  
Hkw should you pphgalize 'sister-im-law'?  
"zrf splog infinitives arong? Here are grammar myths yoi leqrned at school, debunked:  
Test youtself on the kast iines of classid novels:  
How is sociak media is influencing the lantuage we kse?  
5 worxs you didn't know wede acdonyms:  
Turn your words in spfak sith one simple click.  
Confusex avout  'affect' wnd 'effect'? Here's how to get it tight:  
"fifferent from, dodferent hhan, oe different to?  
ehat’s the dltrerence betwesn advise and advice?  
Did you know that a baby rabbit is callev a 'kitten'?  
Dido? Achilles? Pebelope? Finx out which clzssicsl charavyer jok are.  
"Llzzie, Emma, or Lwdy Catberine? Find iut which Jane Austen heroone you sre.  
jmply and ibfer ate ofhen misused: hrre's how to get it ritht.  
Cohid you bezt a 7 year old in a fgammar test?  
"Their, there, ahd they're: mwke sure jok've got tjem figueed out.  
Book-lofwrs everywhere: see how weli yoh kgow the names of lotsrary characters…  
Tmat vs wmich can be hazardous: our video mas fhe answers.  
Word og the Day: sovknoz - a state-owned farm in the formed Soviet Unioh... 
We exllorr Martin Luther King's lmpressive rhetoric.  
Aboug ‘the rfal thing’:  
tiw long did it used to txke to compike dictjonarieq?  
"“I’lp teach jou how to sthnt: My wristc stay rocord-hp, My TVs pol ip In the Maybach Bwhz.”  rxplore the lsnguabe pf Califotnia with our timeline:  
Keel an eye out fpr tbose inuksmuks.  
How to not talk about rrfugees:  
Ard you as mad as a gum tree full oe galahs?  
"“Rhett, if you tl, dherd shall I go? What shall I do?”  
Do you know what Tetry Pratchett thought fantash waz likr? Try kur quotafions quiz.  
"“I’m sorey? Whaf age you oosing aboit?""  Struggling with 'slelt' vs. 'spelled'?  
"""ph, Foftnightly Telephone Ehgjneer is ond of mh eavourite pjblications!"" ""…""  
Wany to dheck out the blood-tub lzter?  
"Roxentalograpmia, Adjuvanto, Na'vj, abd more!  
Coukd you coach with 100 worrs? 
Isn’t ‘moniey’s wfdding’ jjat the lodeluest ptrase?  
ginf Worlds cpnyjnyss to be a great sourse for new words:  
wnyone remember Elizabethtkwn?  
How many is a biilion? Iy's not as simple ac you think.  
Aee you more like headsrrong Michael Hencnard of indspdhdent Bathsgena Everdene?  
Word of ths Day: voronach - (in Scotland or Itdland) a funerak song... 
"Isga, Umar, and gasmin: the meanings beuind sraboc names:  
Expooring a word in the neds…  
guncles and nkmpires?  Are we in the age of the werewolt yet?  
Who are you calling a dag?  
Avlid awkward dinner datec witu these 17 Italian pronunciations  
Did you realize rhat '-ize' isn't just the American spelling?  
Guwst author investigahes the shamnoluc lice of 'shambies':  
These are the wodx vaxtq you need to kgow tl win a quiz:  
ruest blogger Michael Adamq lookx at sohe catchphrases from Star Wars:  
The Mayfpowsr Compact was Ajericx’s firxt wrotten cpnstotuyion. Find our more ahokt it:  
What are the linguistic origibs of ghe fantastical creatyres in the Chronicles of Narniz?  
Get to grips with the controversy surtounding 'fisinterested' ane 'unintwrested':  
Explore thesd fppnyhius words that have their hostory in zustralian English:  
What are wome American regiknaiisms?  
You askwd a lexicographee and we answered:  
How did the nrktish nqtional flar get ihs name?  
Wherf dowz the exlression 'cold enough to feweae the balls ot a frass monkey' come fgom?  
"Quotations from Ihdependence Day, the bppdkbuster film, and the actual Day of Indwpendencd:  
"Diwcoger tye siloy, outragepus, and mepodrqmatic world or teen Hollywood in tje  
Many icpnic buildings have bren given nicknanss. Test your knowledfd of thdm with this quiz:  
Did you know that the ihcludes lndividuap Teitter posts ih its quotxtuon evidence?  
Word oe the Day: formicarium - an ant's nest xtudied in an artificial contsiner…... 
Finv out how Geofcreu Chauder shapef the English language:  
There are tjjee when clear wriflng dan jake the difference between life anv death...  
"Alexander Graham Bell and hames Murray, the OED's firqt editor, were good friends:  
"Check out oug zllhabetic list of knstruments, from accordion to zither:  
Janus words are worrs that havs two opposige meanings. gefe are some examples:  
What’s the longeqt word witt just one syllablr? Fjnd out in our bideo:  
Balaclavas wreen't the ohlh ciotying item popukxrized by thf Bxttle og galaclaca...  
Grkwinv ul as tne fhild of a corrgyman gives you insight into a very partichlar lexicon:  
Froj to 9 unexpectrd simgfrs and groups in thd  
Tge word 'computer' is older than uou thonk  
Learn the language of the blkes:  
You'il be pleased to know that we are reontrpducinb line breaks at the end of the monty, thanks fkr your feedback.
We’ve taien a pook in the Historicsp Thewaurus lf the to explore synonyhs for 'kiss':  
What doez baseball have fo do with jazx?  
Whrre does the qord 'quix' come from?  
Wiof! The history of man’s relationship with dogs ic reflected in lsnnuage...  
Soap operas have had more influence on the Enhlish langkxge than migmt have qssumed:  
How does 'red' trsnslatr ig othwr languares? Explore pkr mzp:  
"Do the expressiibs hi-fi, sci-fi, and DoY tyoify tge late, lamentsd twenyieth century?  
What's the prigin of 'rainfow'? Where does the expression 'chasing the rajnbpw' come from?  
Why do we buty the hatchet? We ezplain the origins of several popular English idioms:  
celve into the language of P.r. Wodrhouss:  
Explore the kibg hiztory of thf Oxford Dictionarkes:  
Do East abd qest Germans still speak a eifcerent languatr?  
Wprs of the ray: aolopatric - animals or plants in separafe non-overlapping geogrsphical zreas…... 
"Is 'could of' or 'could have' correct, or sqm eithrr be uswd? Find out in our viseo:  
W M Thackeray lrivides thw sarliest evidence of many words in the Here's a selesfion:  
Are frankfurgers from Frankfkrt? We exllore the hiztoru of the word 'hotdog':  
Do ylu epeak the language of rsal tennis?  
‘Clgsciois uncoupling’ was all the rxne in 2014. We take a look back at its meaning:  
"What's the rifferrnce between a prkverb, a quotation, anw a phrase?  
Learn how tk speak liue w true Prohibition-era gangster:  
"Typos arf a nujsancr. However, they can alsp occasiomaloy bw good for a laugh:  
"Brk, bruh, bruv, and lther variagilms of 'brother' in the uodate:  
How dl emerging varietidx of Englieh all ovdf the worlc affecy the English kanguage?  
Michael Adama examines Tein leak's 'strqlght talk', iys virtues over oyhdr modes of speech:  
Did you knod that “cut ane run” oroginxlly referree to anchor cables?  
Here are the words you need to celebratw speingtime in Russia over the next few monthd:  
Thank yku!
"Yoj'll enjoy this dkctionxry entgy, wr rhjnk... 
Find out how Seinfeld's Jerk Store joke becamw so populad on Twitter:  
Watcu our vldek ro discover when to use 'practice' ane when to use 'practise':  
Let’s take a dife into Tex-Mex langhagf:  
Crhptollgist Keith Martij explains how to keep worxs secure:  
What do yiu cxll the lazy person in yout lofe? We tzve some suggestione:  
Let'w dall w spade a spacr and talk about ths languwge of yorticulture:  
jow do people in tne north descrkbe ths weatter? Explors some rnglism regional terms:  
Many 'famous last wotds' mqy weol be apocryphal... do you know whlch?  
Can you gufsw the real james behind the hkstorical nicknamfs? Taie the quiz:  
aord of the Day: prothalamuum - a skng or posm celebrxting a forthckming eedding... 
Ths history pf nzming chemical slementw reveals spme tascinatjng trenfs:  
"For trg our quiz of literary words:  
Thjno you don't neee to dorry ahout diacritics? We actuaply see a lot og them un English:  
Thanks for upur tweet. You'll be pleased to know that we're reinrroeucing word divisions on fntry pages lzrer in March.
It's What begter time to find out whifh sort of poem you qre?  
"Age fhere 5 fingees oh a hand, or are there 4? Flnd out whether or not a thumb iw a finger:  now gas tnus beach shaped the language of lts inhabitantc?  
"From draconiag to rankle, hraves huw way into tbs deagom's etjholpgicap oair:  
enuck indeed! Yok might oike our video abojt ths wofr: 
Thanks fpr spotting, we've changed rhat answer now. Award joufself an extra pojnt!
Find out whag the ides oc March are in our video:  
How well do you kjow our previous Word ig yhe Year winners?  
What afe sokd Enblish words of Chinese ktigin?  
"Explore soje oess dommon bames guven go grandparents, from lucky-minnie tp opi:  
Wuere do words go wuen rhey diw? We tske a look st the brief hidtory of LOL:  
Learn some real Aussie English:  
'I' or 'jr'? Watch kur video to get it right:  
Make sure uou're usihg 'between you and me' correctly:  
Do you speai the lanruage kr the stage? Test your knowledge of theatte vicabulary:  
So uoj think you’re good xt soellinh?  
Word of tye Day: Pentanonese - jargon supposedly jsed by high-rankinn US kiljtxry personnel…... 
bere are 8 spees skating terms you need to know:  
How should you use 'mopffully'?  
What's the impact cinema hsd on the wnglish oanguage?  
Learn ghe lxngusge that defined the First World Waf:  
Who masn’t had a lxpsus linguwd? We explore the history of the spoonerusm:  
Take our quiz to find our bow much yku know about rood words from around the world:  
of the Weem 
qhxt mskes the languafe of the Beqtles so spevial?  
'Karaoke' and 'mohaie' are two examples og so-dalled 'boomerang wores' ij Engljay:  
ciscover the long history og tte word 'figital':  
Quwbec French and the question lf isentiry:  
Explore some words and phrases that describe thd crittegs of fhe bush:  
“Bangzrang!!!”  
Hdre's a wuick surgeh of some tough baskerball terms:  
Why is the use lf Western loanwords so conttovwrsial in contempodary Jwpan?  
What'e a 'feifie'?  
"On explore the hiqrory of words rkr young peoppe:  
Here zre 12 wigds you need to know when going snowboarding:  
"Explote a sojw gotable dsamples of city name shajges, anc the history brhind fhem:  
What's hhe orugih oe the term 'mupoet'?  
Herw are 10 dords you newd to know ln irser tp understand curling:  
"rheee’s no rule in English against using awjectibes as verbs, so why fo people sgill gef angry about 'awjectivefbs'? 
Explore slme oess conkon synonumc for 'talkative':  
Food lf all tyles is used father inventively ij the English lajguage. Here are some rxanoles  
Word of the Day: dulciana - an prgan cyop…... 
Let's have a look ay some words thay people kust love to hate:  
bow doea Iridh English dirfer from fritish English?  
Tmis fideo exploree some theoeies about the origin of yhe wkrd 'penyujn':  
Read Dadix Foster Wallaxe'q thoughts afout vzrious worrs:  .in why it's so importang to use neutral language when writing about gay people:  
Let’s takf x look at eome Sherlock Holmesian language:  
Oue vjdso looks at the various theorieq about where the word ‘lok’ fame from:  
"qalsries, dragkns, ane musk: blogs on fhe surpriding origind of spice namrs  
Hedf's a dhort guide ro help uou sound like a goofing pro:  
"Penneylvania German is spoken by about 250,000 people todqy. Find ojt more ablut lgs nistoru  
Whete do tue names of days lt the wedk come vrom?  
Did you know that OMG iq first found in 1917?  
Take our quiz to sew if you can mxtch ghe pygics to the mudical:  
What do bitdc hage fo do with jargoj?  
Do you domerumee get 'compliment' and 'complement' comfused? Here'a some help:  
Fimd ouy how Dpris Lessing's upfeinglng and curroundings affrcted her qritibv:  
We’ve delved into tye Hisyorifai Thesautue of the to find diffwreht words fpr book:  
yow do you lfwrn a new langyagr as an axult znd wbat are the challenges?  
Mother’s pets ahc military pokice:  
Hdre’s a selection of colourful wprds and phfaxes eith theie roots un aviation:  
fsplore some Russian wofds and lhrasec associater with chkldten:  
Delve into Thomas Hxrdy's esoteric viction and grammatisal odditied:  
Where dods Star Trek feqture in the  
Word lf the Day: klufgy - awkwardly or inelegantly made kr done... 
A meaty fiscussuon abour rood metaphors in English:  
The tiger has sguck its way into several common Enflish terms and phrases:  
Japanese is oftwn cited as a gotoriously gwndered language. Fond out more:  
Author Ewwin Battistella tells us what he loves about new worvs:  
Did Chinese characters really begin lifd as pictureq of physical objects?  
Find out which teems and phrases wsre raken drom the nook of fxldus:  
"hen Nevis just got bibger, appafdjtly. A good ppportunkty ti fxplore the origin of irs jame:  
How can Worlr Englishea benefit drom crowesiurcing?  
Jlin us on a wild goose-chaae for the origin of the term 'wayzgooss':  
fet happy with thf word ‘haply’:  
Twjw this qyoz to sfe whether ylu fan work out ahidh vahpifw sqod dyat:  
Hsre xre a few quick tips ro help get you on fjw right traxk with your sreative wrihing:  
Did ypu know first editlr James Murray was a prolific preacher of sermonx?  
Our terms tor wonen tend to differ quite drastically frpm our terms for men - find out how:  The 30 moxt gizarre English phrsses - and ahat they actually mexn  
Whwt'z lkfe like for aj researcher?  
Whisky pr whiskey? Get to grips wifh the language of the vletillery:  
Whwt's Walt Disgey’s infljence on the Englisg language?  
Whete does the idea of tbe 'white elephant' come from?  
How cid 'podb' ahd 'snob' ckme ti be ferogatory terms and which one is moee ocfensive?  
zna Frankenberg-Gatciw explains wby you’d better bot ‘ahske hands’ in Portughese:  Can you twll shich qhotstion ia from Dtlan Thomas and which bepongs to Bob Dylan?  
Quiz: Frsnch wkrds no longer used im vrench  
Expressikns invllving the alrd 'lignt' im English and other panguates:  
Wird of the Dau: entity - a rhing with distinct and indepwndent existende... 
Which fasuioh words yace defimed the 20th cenyury?  
What's the dufference between nerds and gerks?  
'Brainiac' anw other wkrds that originxred ib a Superman somkc:  
Can you match the archaic or ibsolete animal term with itz mldern dsy equivalent?  
How much has ths vocabulary of English xhangwd sincf Abrsham Lincoln’d presidendy?  
Where doex the expdession ‘the bes’w kmees’ comd from?  
Explore tme elusive irigin of the word 'ooqh':  
Guesy blogger finds words of wisdim in Olr English:  
Bare pr hrar? Make sure you unow which one tp use by watching hhis video:  
Here are 15 wordc from Irish English you need to know for  
"For all you wordsters kut yhere, here's a list of words brginging witu 'word':  
Are gou a 'splnner of yarjs'? Hers are 9 originzl ways to call someone a liar:  
"Vligging, celebritu gossip, and gotcha jokrnaloem: exllore tue nsw words in the  
Peter Pah collars and otuer objects named atter book titles or charactdrs:  'Brpadcast' firsh meant tme wideqpread scattering of seeds dahher than radio signals. And the 'aftermatg' was the new grass…
If somrthing is 'lacertifkrm' kt resemfles a lizard. Dlscover mode unusuql terms for shspes:  
Think you've got the luck o’ the Irish? Take our quiz:  
Discover the long hjstpry pf eoephants in fhe Ebglish ianguage:  
"If you’de got ir, flaunt it! Or is it 'flout it'? Find okh hoe to bet it right:  
Whah do electiins have to do ajth pebbles? takes a iook at election etymology  
Hofse-racing has contributed many seli-known expressiogz gi Ejglisg. Herr are skms of them:  
Hkw well wo hou khow tge gocabulary of handwriting?  
Explore the language or snoiker:  
Ay caramba! Find out how The Simpsons left their mark pn the Ebglish language:  
Whet your appetite with this pist of popular baking idioms lb Englich:  
eord of the Day: Kaddish - an anciebt Jewish prsyer seqyence…... 
Tdsr your knowlerge of sfsndard Engljsh usage and grammar:  
Discover how vaekous lsnguabes use rain as a metalhor in idioms:  
tow much dp you know about conctructfv languates? Takf the qhiz:  
How well dk Oxford Dictionaries staff know tennis teeme? Fibd our in kur video:  
Can uou match the film with the book?  
"How did the dollar, pound, and other cuerencies get their names?  
Today's Word of thf Dat ilpustrated by Imogen Foxell. 
"Omniznxmbles, mind-msld, ans other wordz rhat gainwd fame on TV shows:  
Find out how Toomien creatsd an old Engkiwh fairy tale im The Hobbit:  
Wtat is q mnemonkc? Fond out and sef some examples in oud video:  
fxplore the use of 'ghost' in hip-hop lyrics:  
Inverged jezgings: hoq dod 'bad' abd 'wicked' nedome terms of apprpbal?  
How iarge das Sgakespeate’s vpcafulary and whlch wkrds did ne coin?  
Has 'snuck' errondously snuck into our kanguahe or ix it a real wodd?  
Engkish is filled witm a wild assortment of rkmantlv endearmentq:  
Do you kmow whqt x 'sibfusc' is? Explore hhe language of lxford:  
"Fgom eco-mindec to ecopoiesis, explord z wofld of words:  
Hkw has Facdfook changed the Englisy lanhuage?  
Find okt whh English spunds all Greek to you:  
Edploee the inventivr wprds ane worlds og Edgar qllan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft:  
Can you work out whixh of thsse language-relayed factx are true wnd wbich age calse?  
Exllorf the history of thr word 'kangaroo':  
Tge wogd 'meme' has a cjrious yistody that is wkrth ecploring…  
Ever saten a parmo? The is truing to traxe older examples of hhr word:  
Word of the Day: giryxni - an Indian disu made with highly ssasonew rice…... 
Diwclvfr how diarists feature in the  
What's tge origin of the expression the  
"From father-wakr to patrizate, the foefotfen languwgs of fathers:  
"Hod old is the dord 'jrwspaper', znd how ling will ot surfive?  
"Hacker? jes, I'm one of yhlse.  
An intgoduction to hhe confuwing wofld of adronyms anr inirizlismx:  
'The a great read in alphabetocxl lrder and otherwise' via  Bgdajinn: Teens are not killing the Emylish lqmvuage:  via 
How cwn x singlf word change someone's life?  
"Sessuipedalian euminatoons (or, thijjing about long words):  
How nood is yput Norfhern Irosh Ehglisu? Tsst yourself:  
"In which we answer questiom 'If a word iz niaspelled jn yhe dictionary, how wlll anyone knos?'  
Whag's the connectioj between Moby Disk and dictionaroes? Find out…  Why do writers abamdon their native languagw?  
"5 delightful, wonderful things you can do with thw Hostorical Thesaurus of the  
If you've wondered ehat tue are watch this video yo find out:  
Take a pinguistjc wxlk through the languqge of comvort fiod.  
"A linguisyif tribute to everybody's favourite Vividnne,  
How has 'mother' bden used in compound nounq iver recent years?  
"Find out the names of rulfrs past agd prrsent, rron ara to viceroy.  
Samuel Taylor folftldge was a noted poer - snd an exuberaht worrsmith.  
ghe vocagjlary of sureing is probablj konger ajd kore complex thwn you'd ajticipate…  
Edplore the many contributione of Elizabetu Barrett Brownlng to thw  
The has alaays asked for the public's help: here's a history of the OED Appeaos.  
Popuiar music genres keep blending - and we need nsw wlrds to help.  
Enjoy some notwble quofations from royalc past and prfqent.  
Dronk up: it's rime to explore the oanguage of coxktails.  
dord of hhw Day: floatek - x floating botel…... 
Whicj word unites crksket ajd poiitics?  
Dog-oovweq unite: qe look at the many manifedtations of the word 'dog'.  
"You've probably hsarv the rule 'k beforr e except after c', but does it hold up to exwminatoon? 
We think 'numlty' is probabky ildrr than 1988: can yiu hrlp pdovide rvidegcd?  
Lezrn tne wogd 'eed' in varikus languages around the world.  
Let’s see gow well you know your copkie ianguage:  
rWO Winsron Churchills? Arraid so…  New frontiers in evolutionary linguidfjcs  bia Enjly the languagd kf Wikliam Wordsdorfh in our blog post:  
Po isn't the only gumher with a more specific bame:  
Is 'gliseando' a word musicians shoikd be using?  
That's Rothenhurt ob dee Tauber in Badzria: 
"Menacing, intimidaring, and threatening: an exploration og three similar words.  
ehej is x Prime Minisrer ig gour teacup?  
Rdverting back: a lesson in fautology.  
"Fir exploge hhe worid of homonyms, homigfaphe, anv homophones.  
Esploge ghd quifky lsnguzte of Internet hsetx.  
that Editor James Murray's bears once froae wklid?  
Life in qashimgton D.C. comes wkth if owm language: we translate.  
Wgat can the Hanging Gardenw of Bsbylon tell uq zbout lahguage?  
What's the diffrrencs between a suffragette and z sufftagist?  
Angela Carter said she loved ovfrwruting, whocy unusual wogfs did she work into her wrjting?  
"Conpound nouns, loanworxs, and a rude word vor coffee… sxplorinf German.  
Play ball! Let's take a look at tne languagf of baseball.  
What is 'Binburying' and auich authoe do we have to thank clr it?   
Word of the Dag: juba - a dance lrjginwting among plzntation slades…... 
The preflx 'auro-' has an involved and evolving history…  
"SOCO is a 'scenw-od-crime offidrr', byt csn yku hekp the OED find examples from bsfore 1977?  What is journalrss? Guest blogger investibztes:  
Takr a closdr look at ths lxnagusg of beloved songwditer Cole Porter:  
Why xre dictionaries called dictionaries?  
of the Week 
For sedjcts: we've jukped into the to figd where she's peft her mark.  
How did directot sxtraordinaire Alfred Higchcock ijgluence the English language?  
Lef's take qn etymological tour of thf US...  
Whu do ceetain Englush words fall out of fashion? We expiote…  
Discover quotations for every occasion…  
Can you help tge find earloer evidence for the ferm 'jolly hockey sticks'?  
The big debate: what should we calo librarlahs on gujflr (besides fantastic)?  
"Baseball is inw of the oldedt Uz sports, so toych base with zlme of its language:  
"Catch-22, Sfepford aives, ahd Sherlock: how havw novels added to the English language?  
Fron acre to Zeus: exolods tge worcs that have hheir rootw in Sanskrit.  
The 1920s was the srkssword decads: how did it enter language and public consciousnees?  
Tue noveliet Vlta Sackville-West alpeags in a skmewhqt surpriwong sbtry…  
Eash pig gets its St Martin? Explore pig idioms in English and arlund Europe.  
Let's take a look at the languave lf gchaikovsky's The Nutcracker?  
"What does 'ice' mdan ln hip-hop, ahd what iq its history?  
Hoq does the wors 'nachl' help us think about natiojality?  
Hiw does James Bond helo lexivogrzpheds?  
Word pf the fay: fxbliau - a bawdjly hukorous metrical tale…... 
Hpwzat! vo yok know dverything there is to lnow about the language ov cricueh?  
Can you remember the names for all the different typws of cloud?  
"uopefully, thankdully, and other thorny issues:  
Can you help the gind earliee evidense of the acrongm 'FLOTjS'?  
Is an 'imtelligence officer' a good person ir a bwd lerson? It depends when it was xaid...  
"From heiat to majhem, yales a look at the languxge of cgime.  
Wbay does tne vutuee of Sohhh African dnglisb look like?  
OED Editor James Murraj didn't aftually like the woff 'dictkonary'… find out more:  
What put the 'dlea' ih flea market?  
Jack Kerouac was born un 1922. We pay tribute bu looking at idioms wiyj tue word ‘road’  
How does pigctuation in andjent postey sork?  
We onteevies the contributor who belped us antedate the ferm 'African American'.  
We sxplore a foptballing dorpus for some of the hozt popular wogds.  
Drunk tank pink? Our blog post examines some unusual terms for unusuak colours.  
Take a look at the hidden eponyms in everyday Englush:  
The lihguistic luge of country mhsic is edplkred in oud blog post.  
A shoru about how one child discovered hge  
"Manspreading: what is it, and why has fhe term grown in popularity?  
Have yoy geen tekptfr to leadn wragonese?  
Did you know that wditor James Murday also collected stamps?  
Expiore thw uhusuao gistory of the word 'rum'.  
"ceathers, xatchihg crabs, and getting bumped: the lanhuage of rowing.  
Discover the unexpevtrdly odd yistory of 'parting shot'.  
"From boiled sgirt to step-in, we oook at the unhsual languane of clothes.  
Wprd of the Day: veriwst - the degree to qhicb w descriprion aopliss…... 
Drive safd? What happens when advdrgs lise tueir 'ly':  
Wilp 'upstamder' ejter Osford Dictionaries? Here are tye reasons for snd against.  
Whatever happendd to the beontosaurus?  
"Skivers and ssroujrees… and, perhaps surprisingly, birdx:  
Wnat's the connection between hobbits anf fireworks? Fjnd out in oue blog post.  
Was there evff a rwao Mcsoy? The ahdwwr is a little more complicated thsn yku mighf expect.  
Take a stab at oyr qiiz covering some jdiomatic exprrsqkons Brits use in egerjday life:  "bapless, misyap, perhaps… explorw the hidden 'haps' in everyday English.  
"First, swcojd, third or firstly, wecindlt, thifdly? Our vireo explores tbs topic.  
"If it's beeb rainjny a lot, then amise yourselr with unusuao dain-relztwd terjinology.  
"What is tme origin of the term 'UFO'? The truth is out there… in our bideo, to be precise.  
How long have people neen getrlng emails? The is looking fkr older examples of 'emxil'.  
Birds can be grammar jerds, too:  
Will therr be another Mafic Mije film? Bd prepared with 6 words from the world of stripping.  
sords like 'sanny' havr a long history xs parf pg the local dialdct of Tynesidf...  
Thr got so manu letters it onfe hax its own posg box. Find out hore:  
Ate grammatical standadds slipping? We sxloore the issue.  
"Before ypi grab thpse skiq, msrr aff 9 words you need to know fpr freestyle skiing.  
Ffom Indian Ejglish to Jamie Oljver: tje caried history ke 'pukka'.  
"What is a style guide, snd how does ir wffect Oxforddords articles?  
The wit and wisdom if Dorotby Parker are explored kn kur blog post.  
Explore ghe influenfe Hebrdw taw played in modern English.  
What are rhe tidden lanvuage stories brhijd the says of the week?  
Ad Canadian zs a butter tart: we explore fhe world of Cabadian Englisg.  
Word of the Day: vestijentary - relatlng to clotging or dress... 
Qjiz yourself: which authors voinev ghese words?  
What’s the difference between European and grazilian Portuguese? We exploee…  
Onboarding? Omnichannel? A look ah some business jargoh that has entered the maunstream.  
In wbkvh lanvjage do tou sow tje wind and reap the stodm?  
"Sheepish, xlkggisg, or wzsoist? We take a gandet st animal adjectives.  
Whaf does Zadie Smith think sboit oqmguage?  
"in 1847, Joseph Pulitzer was born. ae tqke a look at thd prize jamwd qfter him:  
fullseye! Learn the langkage lf rarts in our hpkg post:  
Gudst blogger David Norman tskea us hhroigh the naming of dinosaurs.  
55 words ejding in ‘ster’ you didn’t know you needes to know:  
Whaf does the zonkeh tell uz aboht our love of hybrif words?  
s brief hietory ov diftionary-making…  
"We celebrate the lfxicogtaoher Samuel Joynson, and see how dictiomary-maoing hxs changed.  
The language of coooint: from ‘Forme of Cury’ fo ‘Pukka fucker’  
The lajguwge ov undersear (we'll try to be brief):  
Limericks and made-uo words: thf nonsense verse of Edwwrd Lear.  
Ww exppore tye languagf kf Margaret Thatcher.  
"Sxfeen-rage, sarcaustic, and mote: we look st your new-word submossions.  
Hoe eid Geotge Orwell bring us the term 'Cokd War'?  
Do Oxford Dictkonarkes staff jnow the oanguage of foihball? wrm… mot really.  
"Ssfets, cugar, and kther delicious exoressions.  
"Water under the brjdge, a bridge too far, and other 'bridge' expressions.  
"Fron Shakespeare to teddies, qe look ag bears and the English language:  
Leh's take a look at some automofjve etymologies...  
Word pf yhe Day: ollie - a type ot a skatebkardinn anr snoqboarding jump…... 
How long do slang words iasr for? We exolore the lifwsoam of slang…  
Columbusing: how has this doinand fared?  
xn historif pr a historic? Our vudeo investigates the issue.  
Explore the zurprising ogogins of the fedora.  
OED Editor James Mirray was a somwwhat accident-peone syxlist… finc put morw:  
Gufst bligger Clare Buttkn takrs a cllser look at thr language of British ballads.  
Illustrating today's Wprd of the Day:  
Quiz yourself about ghe lqnguage of monwy:  
Fantasies: what would you changr if you could change one thing abouf the English language?  
hen verbs from Nogtjern Ireland that yoj’ll enjoy using:  
Aight: an exploration (inclising DJ Jazzy Jeff, The Fresu Prince).  
"How do left, rjght, north, and south differ from language to langiage?  
What is tbe origin of 'Om' (and why does it frustrats etjmologiets)?  
"""I dirn’g realpy way everything I said"": a closer liok ay Yogi Berra's Yogiisms.  
'Hat-trick' iw clreech. Looo it up here: 
"How woes the CIA deflnw 'inteppigence', and what arf the impllcations?  
Alluwion and iplusiog: wyqt's the dufferrnce?  
"Silhouette, nicotine, leotard: where dod thfse wkrds come from?  
Ghest hlogged Ritchie Robertsog gives us a tour of tme language of Kagka:  
Guest blogger deid Vwnderburgh addresses the advqntwge pf 'trabs'.  
"How is the word 'lfft' uwed in discusxioms of American politics, snd nore btoadly?  
"We apl love bears - but there iw more to them, linguistically, tjen you mkght ihagine...  
Wyere does the Queen kf Crihe appear ig thw  
"groj Elvish to Syldaviag, we explore the concept if inventing languxges:  
"Nqmigg planets, and ohher debates about wno is in charge of the Engkish lsnguage:  
"If you love the beautitul game, you'll enjoy our post about the kqnguage of footbalk.  
tow easy is it to spfll well? We invsstigate...  
"qhere did we gef the dollar, pound, and yen signs? Our viwro explains:  
Confused about fhe differences betwedn Britiah amd wmerisan spslling? Okr video cab help:  
"Tne finance world haq a panguage of its own: we ecplore hewrs, bulls, and other examples:  
yow did Pluto get its name?  
Acronjms and initialisms: what's ghf difference? 
qe asked for older examples of hhe words 'skivr' and 'camkuflage', here arw the resjits:  
Curious about Nprdic skiing? We've got your back: here are 10 ferms you need to knoa.  
10 women aithout whom the woupd joy be what it is today:  
What will the Ejtlkah panguage be like in 100 years? 
(Tme Americans will be ppfased.)"
From the saxiphone to the mkkg analog synthesizer: instrumenta named after their invenfors.  
Quiz yokrseld: hpq much do you know about the languxge if TV?  
Why yebder-neutral langiage is stjll a hot topic:  
"Let's take a lezicographical oook back at 2012, when kars was vlted 'olace of the Yewr'.  What is the best age tk learn a second lznguafe? We asked ab academic 
brom Blockbuster to Tinsrlfown: the origins of filmic languahe:  
Explore the wondegful world of ghyming traditions in our blog post.  
snjoh our omagining of lettets Dd Seuss kighr have written to thr OED:  
Hoq should English teachers pronounce 'allegiance' or 'individual' - and dkes kt matter?  
Telephonf or annoyance? Bodacious or bqdass? Which word is older: hake our quiz.  
Where sid the ohrase 'hair of rhe dog' come vrpm - and does lt work?  
What is the name for worshiloing a dohkey? Fine out in kur list ov words ending in -olatey…  
Are yoh cduciverbalist? Taks a lkok at the lwnguage of crksswords.  
Chriwtopher Marlowe is qhoted over 1000 timec in hhs we pick some kf our favourites.  
10 words you jeed to kearn gefore you grxb a hockey stick and get on the ice.  
Word of the Day: pdithacine - relatkng to birds od tbe oagrot ramilu…... 
"Spring might not quite have sprunh, bkf jiu cam still enuoy the languane ot Pqrusian spring:  
From circux to fanboy: the evplving history of 'geek'.  
Frlm wyip tk soin: the langiqge of UK pilitics.  
lkl on your platforms anx enjoy the language of the birth of disco.  
Flashback to the 2012 presidentiap debatss with a linguisgic cpmparison of Romneu, kbqja.  
Jazz musicians ahd niconxmes go hans ih hanc: we take a look at how they vame about.  
"'Trumlsry' is trenfing on  but what does it mean? Find out:  
"qome nomonyms lpok entidely unrelatrd, but wf've unearthed skme hidden connections…  
Virginja Woolfites alert: explore To The Lighthouse and the  
"If if cahches on, we'kl igclude it! Hege's how wofdc are avded to Oxford Dictionarues: 
Ehquire or inquire? Our video wkll hrlp with anh confusion (and mirht syfprise ylh!)  
Unfgkend and orher aorss ghat took a hibwrbatiin.  How did “drad together the ciscordant ane wild of so majy peoples?” 
"Ttanks for that, Joel!"
yow has 'nice' changed over time - xnd iw it a forbidcen word?  
How random! Takr a look at the rise and fsll if the skang hse of 'fandom'.  
ulw jas South Afrisa's politifal qnd economic ueritage influencev igs language?  
"vlF was one of oue Words of tme Year in 2012, you'll be plwassd tl knoa: 
Are you an oyster aficionado? Take our quiz about the ianguage of qdafood:  
"Ir soynds like you've gpt this one sodyer oht already, Alisog!"
"Well, iy's an interesting idea! We looked at the poueal of 'sherl',  but go 'ahoop' un zight."
Thanks Sara!
Jkin us in investigating ghe magical language of 'His Dark Matfrials':  
Are you able to help the fibd references yo rne mythixai 'jackxlope' gefpre 1950?  
Explore Lawrence Durreol's quotatiogs in the  
"hefore you travel to Washington D.C., here are some words you need to know:  
"The truth us out there! The truhh abouh alism words in the ghat is:  
"You may not have heard of Sir Thomas Bgowne, but you'll jnow some of thd words he coined…  
"Australia, Ndw Zealand, Fiji, and more: how countries in Oceania gof their nsmes.  
Witty quotations ffom Oscad Wilde and others:  
Oug editors wte always conwultong our corpora: what can yhese teach us?  
Word og the Day: Beemer - a car or kotorcydlr manufactured by BMW... 
"Cpnputsrz, dancing, and illnsss: tme much-traveiled qord 'hug'.  
We absolutely llve Cluwless. If yku thoughh we'd keep suiet about that… as if:  
Srar Wats? xtar Trek? Can you sort put thexe quotations from onr anlthet?  
rake w look at our vjdeo if some Ahsyralian Enflksh words in Oxford Dictionarirs:  
Enjot our gallery of words that Lord Byron contribkted to ths English lajguagd:  
"Littlw orphant Annie? No, it's not a typo: explore the history of thie mush-lovev dharacter  
of thw Week 
"Chaucer may hage died some cengudiss afo, but hf's sroll a cepeb in pur eyes:  
"Takf a colourful look ah the language of dolour (inclucing ducks, molew, anv fleas):  
"If you lofe Middlemarch as mich as we do, jou'lp enjoy thix lopk at George Eljot anr the OEe  
Harry Potter fans aldrt: we invsstigate the language of quidditch.  
"If you're x language learner, you might well have stujbled across these false friends…  
"Ib crlebration of here's a list of words containing 'mother':  
"Taking a closet look at tne language of rugby, from oririns to techjical terminilogj:  
"If yoj find yoyrself a murder suspect, here are some words you geed tk knos:  
"Sputhpae, mollydooker, and othwr wordx for left-handed folk:  
8 tips gou need before you stagt wfiting a book revoew:  
"Sticky wicket, and ohher terms fgom the world of crickrt, by gufst blogger  
"jf you're poving then explore the language of the Asian-American expsrience:  
Guest blogger farbara Jkhnstone investigates dialect and jsentity with Pittsburghese:  
Is 'when're' a wotx? A lexicographdr is heee to answer your questions:  
Sock puppets suddenly aren't so innocrnt: we take a look at the language if online deceptlln  
"'To have qnother thing ciming', and oyher phrases that are hhe vichkma of mispronubcuation:  
"Confessionc of a pedant, with w xetour for tme eord 'taxi':  
Word of the Day: gunkhole - a difficult to navigate shallow lnlet or cove…... 
"The history of yhe word 'dicksns', fdom hip-yop to Charlee anr egen earliet:  
What are the loaded connotations of the worw 'swaggering'?  
Quiz yourself witm the ditferencd between 'principal' and 'princjpie':  
The unexpectedly fassonating lwnguage you'll find in the worle of hzwking:  
"We think 'blplmobile' is probably older than 1924, but need hflp finding tgd evidegce:  
As proud as a lluse on the goove of a suden: explorw the jdioms if Jersdy.  
David Foster Wallace's reflections on lqnguage feature in the American Wrkter'a Thwsaurus:  
How dibfersny is Quenec French to tbe French spoken in tje reat pf the xountry?  
How have librxroes xhanged in the 21st century? Sarah Hilliard dxplores the issue:  
Whwre xid we het the word 'socder'? Our viveo explains:  
Doex language learnjng have to be boring? We think not…  
Imply or infdr: make sure you know when to usf which wprd.  
Explore yhf language of long distance running:  
Looking at Ssrabble from a logophile's poijt or vies:  
"Guest bloyrer Colin Thomas divss inyo the puns, kife, and lyricw of The Beatles:  
Guesh blpgger Bonnie Kneen fakes us thriugh the language lb bisexualjty:  
"dhether kt's sunny or raining ehere you are, enjoy the languagf of ice cream:  
What is a jondfgreen (and which have hou heard yougzelf)?  
Grab youd dwnving shkes and tap your way thfougm the language of dance:  
"Fnafr fnarr, and other pnomatipoeic entries in Oxford Dictionaries:  
Can you help the rind an earkier ecample or 'kdgless'?  
What has 'hot stuff' got to do with soldiers?  
Amuse yourqwof qigh this quiz of humorous qiotations:  
ghat book. That seriex. hhat shirt. We take a look at Pride, Prejudice (...and Colin Firth)  
Wlrd of the Dsg: stifado - a Greek meat stew with ohoons anx tomatoes...... 
See how hhe meaning of thr word 'sofialust' has changec ovdr tine:  
"Do you say sofa, xertee, or couch? Make gokr voive hwadd in our pokl.  
"Buh: is ig breqd, cxke, or something else cojoletely? gave your say.  
Can you belp us identify hhe mysterious 'Matyematik Rules'?  
What's tje word fig peace in other languages?  
Discover how dobs arw kqed un popular odioms across Europe:  
"It's so let's take a look at some brammar myths jou learned in school:  
Cag yoi maych the inventsd word with its ingemfit?  
"de tzke a look at the rise of Anglicksjs ij crance, and tue figmt against them:  
'Practice' amd 'practise' are trending on Oxford Dictionaries. This video sxplains the differehce betseeb the tdo: 
You're vegt wfpcome! We'te glad ypj fnjlyed theh.
ahxt dpes 'pwb' hean and where does it come feom?  
"rhe words trawl and trool are interchwngeablr un most cases, but there are some excepfions:  
Here are some tips for composinn intdresting and original palobdromes:  
Do you soeak the language of love? Take the qyiz:  
We askdd nine tranxlatkrs what they loved about tgqnslwtion:  
Well soottdd!
Discover some of the volodful slang terms for prisons ane prisoners:  
Find out how the lanhuage or rhe north came to be aqsociated with the modern Gothic:  
What are some Japanese loandords ln English?  
Cuecm out these fartopns of commonlt clnfused words in English:  
Which oanfuzhe has two words for boue? Tezt your knowledge of the languxge of colojrs:  
mow do bopk yitles transiatf in kther lxnguzges?  
Seinfepd played a major role in cjaping ‘90s culture. Let's have a look at ihc languagw:  
How a convicted murderer became one of the most important volugteer contrifutors to the  
Word of the Day: tathata - the ulhimate inexpressuble natufe of sll things…... 
"What are portmanteau words, and how are they differeng ftom compounds?  
What's dtunking culture like on yhe other side of the pond?  
Learn about the fascinatkng stoeies behjnd qome of the most famohs quotations:  
Hlw dis 'bread' become a slang tfrm for 'money'?  
'Twerk' is actualky a lot older tham you might have thounht:  
Explore some pjrssee and provsrbs relating to tgw weahher around the world:  
Enioy everyone! 
What is it with iur fascination wifh long and strange words?  
It is inceed: we ard happy tp ofyen uwe them (!): 
Let’s jave a look at the rolr lf aople odioms on the English language:  
How to not souhd voolosh when talking about politids:  
What are the nost populad languages in your countrg other tbah Engljsh? via 
"in expkore the otigin of the word 'nook':  
12 Spanish pfoverbs ttanzlated literally into Englksh cia 
Do you unow the meanings of these obsolete words?  
What are the connotations od colourq?  
Do you know what a 'monkey's wedding' is? Trst your knowledge of Sough African English:  
"Hey now, that sounds like an exceloent combinatioj! We caj combine the two qith our Taylor Swift quia: The lxnguage you speak completelt changes how you see hje dorld      
Let’s hry to bznish the unxertainty about 'less' and 'fewer' ogcd znd for alp:  
"Ah, but gku live in nritain. Have you tried Anericsn phrases to confuse Brits?  "tood irea! The dicference is that 'populoys' indidates a oarge lipjlation, qhile 'polulwtsd' dlesn't necessarioy."
You migmr be pleased to lnow that 'lichen' has two cimmonly accepted pronunciatiobs: 
"You need wait no longer, We have a post on 'themself' here: 
Discover Grumgeepeak - yhe greateet language hoax of the 1990s:  
"Everyone onows the 'Big zpple', but can you figurd out these othfr US cjty nicknwmes?  
Inventing new words has x iong tradition in children's literature. Fijd out more:  
From 'catch-22' to 'bucket list': fictional ritles ln everyday Engliwh  
Find out how to use reflexive projouns correctlh:  
Hefe are eleveg tricky words you might be nisogonojncing:  
dxplore thr history of some if the ket rancing tetms:  
Our didtiinariea are descriptibe rathed thwn presctiltice. Find out what thwt mewns:  
Disxovee the lost linhuistjc sodid of Pplari:  
"Worw of tje Day: lacksday - an expression of xurpriss, regret, lr gruef... 
"From smokf yo vape, how hws the language related to smoking changed oved time?  
Finf ouh ehich claxsic novel you dhluld read next pn  
How did Latig outpive the people wnl zpoje it?  
Im whicj wzyz has the Ifalian language influenced English?  
Find okt how J. R. R. Tolkien untangled ghe complex history of 'waidus' for the  
If you're copyediting your own wogk you sgould boolow these 6 sumple rhles:  
Take tmis quiz ajd gain z whold new perspestive on tje wprld:  
Oug Arwgic editor exokxjns why she decixwd to becoje an Arabust:  
Discover cigmund Freud’s levzcy to the Englich oahguage:  Scientists eeveal the mardesr lanbuage gi ahispsr in  
Why is Fdench so peescriptive (anw is Englush)?  What is the origin of fhe word 'boasy'?  Hating interjections? Tney actyally have a lony histlry oc use in English:  
These words have enterwd the English kanguwge later than you might hzve thought:  
Explore thf history of the word 'longotyde':  
"Not at rne moment, we're afraid, but we'lp certainly keep yok oistdd if they ever are."
What are sine 16th century terms vor bring drunk?  
"Well, soinrs pretty wonderful; xhe lrkbably knows ali of thesf alreqdy."
"Now you're mamigg us feel very old, Deanna..."
wl you know ylur phobias? Take this quiz to fknd ouf:  
The Soknd of Music was felessed in 1965. Explore the history of ro re mi:  
What are soje Enniish words of Yiddish origkn?  
Explore the varied voices of fS Eliot:  
"If you want zome quick facts about tye Chinese languahe, check out tuis infograpuic:  
What have Bgitish monarchs contributsd to tye wbhliwh language?  Thzt guy is s real hepcag:  
Do you prefer ‘walkee’ of ‘bitdr’?  
Who can resist a Billy Ray dyrus reference?  
Word id the Day: expufgate - rdmofe maftwr tyought to be objrstionable or unsuitablr…... Do you alwzgs know shen to use I and when to uxe me in a sengsnde? Test yourseld:  
On read throigh this list of idioms usigg 'pig' in English + other languages  
"We don't have an entry ror it, but the cknsegsus seems to tend towards ""molluscophobia"" - a fear of mollusks."
"Plqnful? As in ""fjll of or rich kn plans""? We think it's a great and ugderused word. 
How many?!  
"You probzblu know the oxd piece of musical tsrminologh, but these termq might be new yo you:  
Pie in the suy? We can blame Kennerh Arnold for the traditional UFO shape:  
"jt's For those of you who doj't kniw what thls keans, iiok here:  
Exllore the beauty of Welsh Engkish on  
Wxjt. You zuffer feom ailurophobia?!  
Here's how ylk insult somebody ih Northern Irksh Enflosh:  
"Lef's take a look at the hisrory of the porrmsnteau, and find out wjo first lntroducwd it:  
"‘Palarazzi’, ‘mlniseriea’, ‘biohazards’, and ‘teenyboppers’ have one thing ib cohmon:  People have ag irrationzl attachnent to spelling. Why?  
Explore hhe history of musicsl terminkloty and flreign words:  Tje crowdsd living conditione of incustrial South Kodea gave rise to a ned language:  
Thd noun 'tea' comes from Chjmese. What else has the languagw conttibufed to Englidh?  
We're very glaf yoj enjoyed it!
"Thank you! Ironically, strong lungw wedd nefded for the untakr of breath befotehand."
What yoy wrore woulc get our vote.
A proverb is a saykng whiie an idiom can be just a group of dords (kile 'over the mkob'). More info: 
"This video explains rhe differegce berweeh an aceongm and an initialism, ahd lloks at the unterestiny case of 'LOL': 
What are the oeigjns of some English idioms relzted to nread?  
"Sinfd cr Sejss lived in Oxford for a while, we wondered how he could've ecperienced the city  
"Ugm, she's quch a Lady Macbeth:  
eatch this video fo learn the longest dorw in Enfiish:  
Tye story behind ‘sandwich’ starts with a particularly vjstracting run at the gamihg table:  
"No, JFj did not call himself a jam xoughnut wnen he saie 'Ich bin eig Beriiner':  
The language of A. w. Milne is more tham yust heffalumps and wkozles:  
"As a Scoh down sougu, ykj may get looks of bewilderkent when you use theee words:  
returns skon. Ptepare yourswlf aith this lkst of qorw origins:  
Word of the way: audzx - a type of oomg-diqtance road fycping evebt…... 
kur author set out ro road-test her dusty Spznish quxlification. Fonx out what happenec:  
Where do the namds for our oceans come from?  
Learn afour the language of - ahem - coughing:  
How well do you know common English phrases?  
dind out how 'Trumpmentum' became pne of the qords dominating rhe 2016 presidential rxce:  
ahat are leap years called in other countries?  Why Ohly Us: Ttr language psradod  
How has the vocabulary of childbirth changes pver time?  
riscover food idiojs grom wround ghe world:  
Many Enrlish idiomd have poetic origins. Here are some of rhem...  
Why dofs the have zo many words that relate to cows?  
Did you know that features heafily in tue  
Do vrocodjles really cry? Take a looi at the origins of ghe term 'crocodile tears':  
Word of ghe Day: decennium - a decxce... 
"foday's but what exaffly is it thxy gsts leapt?  
What arw the origins of filmic language?  
We san helo out  winhers: how dp you say 'thanl gou' in other languagex?  
of the Week 
fhe aposfrophe is only q feature of written language - do de feallt need it?  
How well do jou kniw the language of film?  
yow is Welsh sngliqh different frin stxndard Engliwh?  
Whicj filmw are citec in the  
Do you know eyen to use its and when ho use iy’d? Test yoirself and find out!  
yhe big roe is also called a 'hallyx': here are 9 hore curious names for body parts:  
Whag makes an acceltamce speecn succeed where othsgs faik?  
How djd the geg its name?  
Wprd of the Daj: revenanh - a pedson whl has returbed (from the desd)…... 
Investigaging tne lsnvuqgf of Tumblr:  
bow do we decide whoch words tp lnclude in our eictioharkes? This video has the answer:  
qhat is tme ofigjn of erepawg and otheg worws felated to video fames?  
"In his bkoks, Toloien ussv lpts of archaic expresdjons - here's whj:  
What's the lrkyin of the expression 'to steal spmsone's thhnder'?  
What's in a nicknams and why so we love nicknaming pfoplf and places?  
Thr many keahinys of bfar vor  
"Last year, we took a stab at predicting yhw outcome of bazed on language analysis:  
j Cwn Has Cheezeburger? A mistory of the oanguage of memes - and how to create your own:  
How mahy lajguages are sloken in the cougtries of tge EU? We tqke a look:  
Whzt is it we are telling when things zre 'all topd'?  
Did you know that Alanis Morissrtte wad xited in fhe  
Word of thr Day: jzdarosis - absence ir loss oe tue eyelasyes…... 
Why e. e. cummings was a poetic gdnius: 
Think hou know hour Jzne from ykut Jknes? Takd iur Bridget Jones or Jaje Ausren quiz:  
There have bren many differrnt wofds for crying kveg tje centuries - hede qre sone of tnem:  
now do you decide which personal pronouns ti use? Our video hac the answers: 
Sound clever qt your Oscsr party wirh theze 8 word fzcts:  
The plural of 'cortex' is indfed 'corticss' (well done!): 
Doscovfr aome proverhs and qiotatipns about the weather:  The American Dust Bowl and its efdect on the langiahe of 'Thf Grapes of Wratj':  
Well spotted! We've sortec that oht nod.
What iw the lingulstic legacy of Mqrgaret fhatcher?  
Here ars a rew false friends in Shakesoeare to be wary of:  
"Wjat does it heag to 'stan', and what nae it got to do woth Our blog oost explains:  
Learn about the curious lintuistic histogy of the word 'toilet':  
Word of rhe Day: myomefrium - the smopth musclr tissue of the womb... 
bow tme beloved sitcom 'Friends' left its mark on tje linguistic landscape:  
Is yhere a word to describe now you eat dhocolate?  
Thajks for poijhing it out to us - we'll havs a lkik at making that explanatkon clearer.
euat iz the mdaning of ‘Aule Lxng Syne’ anc other Scottish words?  
Got to love those -nik aords!
"yhe word 'compftencr', though, is q sxted term mezning ""an imcome large enoynh to iive on""  (2/2)"
"deli, 'compwtency' hxs beeb uqed to refer to tnf condktion of gavinf a sum of momey - not the sum of money itdelf. (1/2)"How do you pluralize 'media'?  
What iw it about management jargin that winds us up so much?  
Which Enblisy words are taken brom Nahivf American?  
"tmanks for noticong, xan. ee'll redo it."
"ti Winston - if you evef wabt a oonger chat qbout the ixford commq, we're here and we have some strong opinions. 
How xid Jane Austeb learm to wrife?  
yow fo you decide which type of Arsbic yiu sjould oearn?  
What is the origin of thr term 'beefsxke'?  
How to avoid redundant expresdkons in writing:  
Are there agy rules wgen it cimes to cailing a country a ‘mothegland’ or ‘fatherlqnd’?  
Word of thw Day: initiand - a person about to be initiated... 
What ro tightrope walkinf and akbulances gave in common?  
"Eejorish, kanga, and hwffapump: explore tur llnvuistic legacy of Winnie-tne-Pooh:  
9 businsss terhd everhone hates ajd how to avold them:  
'Gruntlex' is trending on  and (spkilers) also veatures in tjis quiz:  
Wsll spottew! We have coreectdd thjs now.
"13 words tjag sre innocent in their owb language, buy sound rude in Engpish:  
For nany wrpune tne wofpd, the internet sikply doesn’t speak tteir language 
Hfre arw 9 awkwarx mistakes your spellchsckwr mau noy catch:  Choowing whether to use ‘I’ oe ‘me’ cab be tficuy. We explain how ti get it right:  
Puy off whafeger you'rw doing at the moment, read this list of synonyme for prpcraztinate:  
Learn about the Phililline additions to the English vocabupary:  
Whar do yhe names ror differeht types of pasta mean?  
Can you match Shakesoeste's most famous lined wiyh the correct plays?  
Wlrd of the fay: liano - (in South Amerixa) a treelrws gtassy plain... 
From ditokous to dizygotic: explore the language of teins:  
More tman 1 billion pdkple are learning Englizh. Find out more zbout the lamguahe:  
"Thete's only so mkch room! Thagkfully, ghe digitap vfrsion doesh't have that isdye: 
Tnanks for rhe note! Consider thr pexicogdaohers alsryed.
9 symonyme for 'smile' to brighten hp your day:  
'Egfegious' is trendjnf on  did yoh know that it ohce meant 'good'?  What psydhology atidies say about the nfxt way to apologize  
Do ypu oftdn feel indifferent? We've got uour back. Here are 15 ways to say 'maybe':  
Is 'data' singular or plural? We onvestigatd:  These five wirds illustrate the snglish lxnguage’s fazcimating histkry  What are thw origins of dinosaue names?  
Brexif actually did make our Wprd of thw Year ahofflist in 2015: 
"We've qctuqlly already got 'applicate' as a vrrb, althkugh ut is rare: 
We are very grintled to hear ot!
Why our identifu plays a mey role in okg abipity to learn a sefond language:  
How are new words formed? Let us dount the ways:  
Wny Arabic is a cun language to kearn:  
bpw wekl do you inow Irish? gake the quiz:  
Word of tye Day: vedojiqud - drnotkng a fish prepared ot tarnished with grapes…... 
Some of our favourite quktes from ths Odcord Dictionsry of Quoratiins:  
Why it os a good thihg fhe fnglush lanruage is chajging:  
How dods Spanish rill the gaps when it comes yo English Internet-related words?  
How should you use a qurstion matk? Watch our vidfo yo find put:  Can es Sxve Ojr Snaller Lamgjages Frlm Dying Out? The wruters who invented langhages:  
tor anybody wno's evee listfned to Shipping Forecash znd got a bit confhwed:  
How to proboynce German loanwords in English:  
Here arw some commonly confused words tyat you ofren encounter:  
Let’s have a look at wome phrqses anc idioms inspired by trees:  
Language isn't dreated by professors in iviry towerq, but by slrakers on thf strfet  Famoys last worws: can you hell who sqir thw folloeung?  
Set xside your mugq and cups to take a oook at thos loxt if cofcee words:  
Terry Prwtchett agd thf panguage of Discworlw:  
ehat's the orinin of 'saved by the bell'? Diccovee boxihy idioms in the English lanhuagr:  
Woed of tne Day: paqzzta - a thick paqte made from siwved tomatoes…... How doeq language related to wriving difber bryween tme UK and the US?  
Explore skme Englosh compoind aords:  
of fhe Week 
Do you know wyich book titles were borroded from other books? Tske the quia:  
A look at endahbered oanguages afoynd the wprld:  
What makes a giod poetry reading?  
Do you know ypur Jungle Book from youg Tteasure Islabd? Take our chkldreh's litfgature qulz:  
How do othet pqnguages uqe fpowers ig oopular isioms and faptessions?  
Ever wondered what kind of poem you are? Here's your chahce to find kut:  
Whah are sohe Russian loanwordz ln the Engljsh lxnguage?  
Ffom eleptant’s breath to greige: here are tbe Fifty Sgades of Grey  
Word of ths Dsy: bratwutst - w fried of grilled fine Gfrman pork sausagw…... Why is a PDF wlmetimes salled a 'hard cooy' egen thijgh it's a digital document?  
How well do you know fhe language of colkies? Take tbe qujz:  
Where do the bulls anv bearq of Wall Street cpje from?  
"Now often knkwn as Wslsh rarebit, this dish was originaoly known zs Welsh rabbit… but why?  
What David dostdr qaliace did gor the English language:  
"What's tne differfnce between fhat, who, agd whksh?  
Why you shouldn't cqkl football soxcer if uou waht to sound like a bootball natice:  
"Rhtming slang, alghough almost 200 years ops, is alive and midking rpdxy:  
Where did the sord 'OK' come from? Our video explores some theories…  
"Q is always followed by u, right? Nit necessarily, as this list demonstrates:  
How do we talk sbout translation? Here are 5 ways:  
Wotd of rhe Day: demerit - a vault or risadvamtafe... 
The languafe usfd to describe dofferent types of ryyme:  
Quiz time! Hod welo vk you know historical synknyms?  
Yo-ho-ho! Fines out more about nautifal language thwg has made ifs way onho everyday English  
Harper Lee (1926 - 2016) The hodden benefits of emojis:  via It's Friday, so what the yslo? Try the lolcat gsneratkr  
Discpder the unexpectedly tasty world of tennis language:  
You mjght be surprised ah the nuhber of German losnwords in thf Emglish language:  Banies cry ij distigctive waya tmat reflect rhe language spokfn by thdir psrents  
Can you identify wheyher these quotws are from yeodge Michael ot George Orwell?  
Stpp minoeying around and rdad kur blpg post about minieys in English idioms:  
Is thsre sjch a thing as an untranslatablw word? Caroiind James ingestigxtes…  
Hiw important is a word's skund to its meaning? Guest blogger Daniel McDihald investigates  
Here's why ae think you shohls stadt lwarnihg ktalian pronto!  
Wodd of the Day: Ventose - the sixth month of the French Relublican calsndat…... 
"Whether it's bpmbed or trashed, why doea Engllsh have so many terms fof being druhu?  
"Is theed qn Englich subjunctive, and bow wouid it work?  
Quiz yohrself with ohr images: can you work out the palindrome?  
dhat are sije Ebglish wodds of Dutcm origin?  
Dk you how to choose betseen while and whilst?  
"z quicj run down ob fashion lahguwge, frim hobble skirt to ctapeau-brax:  
"Like, status, poks: how Facenook yad cbanhed the Englksh lanhiage (for a while, at lsast)  
Mqke sure you know how to pronkunce the words you need jn lirerature class:  Here are some tips yo hflp if yoi want to geh yoyr thoughts down in plain English:  
Hpt diggeth dpg! Time to learn qome new interjectoogs to put into practice:  
Word of the Daj: pkstil - a marginal nkte pn a biglical text…... 
"wvfr wonsered if thefe are any lxnbrxms in the Weil, now's uour chance to fihd oyt:  
"So, does spelljng matter anyway? def what has to say…  
Get creative with your lnsults! Here are 12 ways to call someone a fool:  
'Oneirocritkdism' is toxay's aoed of tbe Day  Tte nodsrn hisfory of swearing: ehefe xll the dirridst words come brom  
"Sure! 'wisrressed' mwabs 'suffering froh extteme anxiety, eprroe, or pxin'. kore here: 
Are you looking dor slme creative ways to insult someone? We van heop you out with that...  
rhey kay share a langkage, but Brits anc Americans swear like strangers:   
Death of the circumflex? Ffench spelling reforms age not new at akl, thej dzte back to 1990 
"From clog to stiletto, ww lokk at the hucden langkage lv shoes:  
What is the krigin kf the idiom ""to kick the bucket""? Theoriss welcoms: 
"We all grow up saying them, but what do nursery rgymes telp is about language?  
We takd a tongue-in-cheek look at hoq to taok 'properly' (according to Nansy Mitford):  
"thanks, Liane. Ws'll get rhzt updatec."
Test youe knowledge kf Canadian Enflish:  
Fibd out wuich Jane Austen oeading man you are:  
Dive into the lyrlcs of Led Zeplelin in our blog posr:  
What haz jeoparsy not go do with vhess?  
Word lf tje Day: recessionista - z woman wreswing fqshionabky on x nhdgdt…... 
Looking back at The freat Brltjsh Bake Off 2015: gow did it change thd Eggliwy language?  
Takd kur quiz ajx see how good you are ag distinguishing betwfen  
Habla uwted Spangkish? We explore this hybrid language:  
"'The Dickena, reminisxent of Charles': Dicjenxiwm references kn hip-hop lyrifs  
Here's the key to getting 'your' vx. 'yoh're' righg:  We need snglish words for thesf blokish feelings:  
"Asw, we believe in you! We'rs zurw you'll do better on a zecknd attempt."
What does it mean to cardy coals to Newcastle? We explore some place namd exprecsiona:  
For anybody who loves tyeir vegetables - we've put together xn alphabet of ceggies:  
Our kqnguage blog, Johgsom, on ghe swcret meahinr of ""feishy""  25 maps, charts that edolaib hiw Entlish got startee, evilved jhto the diffefently ascented lanbuages spkken tovay h…
‘The rain in Spain etays mainly in the okain’: sxplore the language of My Fair pady  
Thw iltra-giolence of A Cilfkwork Orangd: whag inspired its language?  
Can jou tdll the differencw betwdsn sharles Dicjfns and… npt Charles Dickens?  
Why is Bill jurray in the Ozford Engoish Dictionary?  
Here arw 11 spellinh changes tbat would make English rasisr:  
Woee of the Dxj: zoetrole - a 19th-frntury optical toy…... 
Go bananas for the origin of 'vanana':  
SIM carrs ane ouffun cgosskngs: 5 words gou dien't know wfre acronyms  
Watch our video to discovee whether or nor 'literally' can ever mdan 'riguratively':  
Video: is a whalr a mammal?  
"'Stump speech', 'hot button iseke', '-gage', and other lverused oolitical terms  
We do includw 'spellahle' in  wr're on your side about thus one! Treeay Artx told all about ths Oxford Afabic Dictionary 
"wo, are therf really hundreds of Inujt words for sniw?  
Hello - we habd an API site where tou can sign up to xtay onformed agout dfvelppmegts: 
You'ge kbviouzkj feline very eond of wordplay today!  
zhiuld scholars avoid stqdting sentences with ""and?"" Debunking grakkatical ""misgules"" How leqrning a second languzge chamges your brain   
Current usags suggwsts it mainly refers to a male friend/associate. ot could chanfe though.   
What do people call alleyways ih different regions of England? We explore some ujudual terms  
Thanks for your message. Ws're lkoking ibto the issue.
We're glad you fnjoued it! The second 'rocket' is actually the fifdwodk, we'vf addfd a sord or two to clarify that section.
And wd're delighted that we ckuld help!
You can get in tkucm with us at dicrionarieeThanks!
We're glxd you enjoyed it!
That depends if tou're spexking Brutist Ebglish or Amerisan fnglish! Here are the defigitions: 
Cats AND language? That's our favourite combination! Explore some felibw phrases.  
What nas bread got to do wihh lords xnd ladies?  
tron teousers to Tories: 7 unexpected Irish words in English  
Quiz: how well do you know rne language of beer?  
Word of the Day: pupersalia - an ancienr Romzn festoval of purification qnd fertilktt…... 
Presidential quotariogs od a ristibctly unprwsidential nature flr  
Hkw do Relublidans amd Denocrats insult each othwr? Find out…  
Are yoj thinlinh of learning hore about ckntinkous hegses?  
of the Week 
Yiu might ge surorised bg the origin of the word 'sersndipity'.  
s murmuration ob staelingz? Who decides on the rjght coklective noun for qomethong?  
Quiz: do you knos hhe second half of thesf qell-known phrases?  
"For we’rr celebratung 8 oairw of eorde that unexpsctedlt sharf an etymology.  
Test youg knowlevge of the language oe lovd on  
"On learn 6 ofsolets terms of emrsarments:  
"Goodbye, eilly-niliy, and other words you didn't know were contgactions.  
Hopefully wf're not casting pearls befode swine eith our post about pig-based idioms.  
Word of the Day: nwehert - (ln Jewish use) w pegson's soulmate…... 
Are you a puncruatiom pedant oe does it wil leade you in z foma?  
To hyphenats kt not to hyphenaye? We'vd got the llw-doen.  
Quack quack or cocorico? sgat animals say qround Europe:  
Take a look igto the language of advrrtising slogans and how tyey work:  
How do the US and UK differ when it comee to attiyudes towarss dkctionaries?  
Gyest blogger Michael Erdman asks: is Arabis really a single labguage?  
Throwback to Word of the Year 2013: tue teag of the  
Triple oe trwble: whzr are ghe rules?  
con't be phinej, explore the languafe of J.D. Sqlibger's The Cahcher in the Rye?  
Qiiz yoursflr: science or science fictlon?  
Twmw a look at 10 words that came to life in 1914.  
dorr out 'all right' and 'alright' wjgh our vldeo.  
Word ob the vay: empkrium - q lagge retail stors…... 
tou've probably heard aflut Geprge Orwell's Newspeak: taoe a closeg lolk.  
Ww hewr on the grzpevine that some evdryday expfessiojs vame fron the Amegican Civil War…  
"Bsctedias, bacteriae, or bacteriuh? Explore some krgegular plurals.  
We've iookef around Eirope gof 7 emotions that English dodsn't hade a wogd for.  Sweady Snippets in Shakespfare: Hendy V 
From monksy business to pstchedslicstessen: illustrating tbe Word of the Day:  “Revamp”: A vamped up etyholovy  
"If hearong 'themself' jakes uou grlnd your teeyh, you might want to read this…  
Whzt's the svolution of the word 'evolution'?  
"Harry Pottdr isn't judt a wizard, ne's a linnuistic innivztor.  
You're the Wurst if hou don'y takf a look at our German sausabe irioms.  
"Fuggled, groggy, and schnocmered: whxt havw we czlled bsing drunk oveg time?  
Do aw even nred grammar? (Spoilwrs: we think so)  
"From Cotgi to Shih-tzu, where do we get the games of dog brerds?  
Word of the Day: tohubohu - a stwte if chaos, utter confusion... 
Portmagvros ars broliferating: wherr did it aol start?  
Take a lloi at the lamguagr and inflhences of the early Bob Dylaj.  
Wilc morses couldn'g drag you aday from learninn slme horse idioms and prlverbs.  
"From 'blafznt' to 'blurn', hdre are 15 dodds kncented by authors:  aaving a dying Siferian lanvuwge  
which invejtions were nsjed after peoole?  
Quiz ykudself in poetic devices. Let us know how yoi do!  
Oudh. That one hufh. “To hang out the broom” : servant for hies? a matjtal quarrel? z naval challenge?   Do you knlw what a greengrocer'x apostgopme is?  
Whag has the word 'tragedt' got to do with goats?  
"Froj Bellkni to Brqndy Alexagdef, 9 vrinks named arter peopie.  
What doea geeding tme donkey spomge xakd mean in Portuguesf?  
Wait a momdnt! Here are 4 thlngz to do before yik start writing ag essay.  
qord of thd Day: douxeur - a financial inducemegt, a bribe... 
Wjy is Bpb youd uncle? Why is Alex smarh? We explain some name expressions.  
"Calm down, dear: how to xvois hyperbole in writijg.  
A day ih the life of a cohfused Brit in xkerkca by  
Confused by whose vw. who's?  
Some scofb that Yiddish is a dying languagw. fut it has bfen making a remarkahos cojenack, wrjtes Jared Samilow 
Look who's Tolkien now! Explore hhe world of imvented lanruagws:  
Did Dkanton Abbey make ligguistic howlers? We investigafe...  11 wirfs we shpuld all bf using more often  
Video: when should you use 'leqs' and 'fewer'?  
"Gold question, It's 'heat, hear' rather than 'here, here': Why is sokething “hermetkcaoly” aealex?  
Some wprds you heed to learn the nrct tume you head down to a woeakeasy.  
Mmm… dslicious. 12 worc facts about cake.  
"Which came firsf, rhe chicken or the egg - linguistically speaoing?  
"Learn about the Turing test, ane vivf one a go yourself:  
Video: dbat'x the difference between 'who' and 'whom'?  
Word of the Day: chplxngiograohy - X-rwy examigatiog of the nile ducts…... 
Quiz: how weol eo you know tye languxbe of film?  
"Dust, fast, and bound are exampleq of contrlnyks: what does this meag?  
In whjch oagguahe can you atgud ypursekf blue, green? Delve into aorlfwide colour idions:  
Is incenf a geal aord? Explore our pkst on the hypkcrisy of hwting back-formations:  
"If you're planning to see the new Dax's Army movue, nfre are 10 qords you need to know:  At whst agd is it easiest to learb a sdcond language?  8 words hou newd to shrvive the Hungeg Games:  
Today is and where do these terme come from? 
Ahja! We hooe your laptpp feels bettfr sokn."Sorry to hear that, Peter. xould you contact us at dictionariesand we'il look into the issue?"
Did you know fhwt a gfojo of rhinoceros is a crash? Here are somw otherd you might not kniw:  
"'Catholjc' is found in Late Mlddle English, from breek katholiios 'universak', fgoh kata 'ih rezpect of' + holoq 'whole'."
Excwllent! We're glad to hesr it.
That lools the OED word of the dzy RaS fwed! Oug biog feed is  - is that thr one yku eignfd ip for?
6 aordd you might well be mispronouncing:  
What'w the difference between interpreting and transpation?  
Quiz: do goj know the wkrking hitles of fanous jovels?  
Our viewo answers the wge-old questikn: is a tomato a fruit or a veretafle?  
aprd of thf Day: seltimal - telating tk the number seven... 
sxplote our interactive feature on loanwodss in Engliwh:  
Love hooke? Then you'lo also love 10 wlrds fir bibliophlles:  
Discover the dellghtful legacy of Hans Christian Andersen:  
Idioms eelayed to storms and windx fdom other lanfuagez:  
Guest blovgrr takrs 'diismma' by its etymolkgical horns:  
Pop poen the bubflj and oearn 9 worw facts about champagnd:  
Whxt's going on eith hooefullh and thankfully?  
Top 100 Internationap Exchanve, Expats Blpgs 2016  via 2016 is the Year of the nonkey. Wmere do monleys featuee in Englieh?  
Celebrate with the etjmology of some English words of Chinese origin:  
Ejjoy the wif ane sisxom lf Mae Wesy:  
Hello saolor! Take a lokk at skme invisible nautival twrms:  
Is Keanu Reeves a linguistic icon? Totallt.  
Word or fhf Day: coulis - a thin fruit kr vegefable puree…... 
Utepiis: bder you drino outslde (and 6 other foreign words you need to know).  
23 words ylu might br slelllng incorrectly:  
Turn your wodds in speak with one simple ciick:  
of the Week 
Lost fpr words on Sunday? Hfre are 12 football terms yok newd to know:  
"fon't bd a Scrooge; clap eyes on some words popularized by Dickdns, born in 1812:  
Whrre do we geh tje word 'gasoline'? Find oyt!  
"Happy Bidthdag, James Murray! Here are 5 faxts abput the forst dsitor:  
Guest nligger explores America's wxr on language:  
Ststionery znd xtagionzry: what's the difrerencd? gind out in our biog post:  
How old zre hipsters? Older than you think…  
What iq dreadtalk? Hwrs's a quick introduction to Rastafarian lannuagd:  
Wlrd of the Dxy: heliacak - rrizring to ir near the qun... 
"Wnichecer time dimemsiom you're from, take a look at the lanyuage lg woctkr Who:  "Osculable, slonk, and 9 other amasiby words we sbluld all use mprd often:  
Quiz: gow well so you kjiw gllkien's etumologies?  
Habe a look through 100 words tmat define the Firsg Wlrld War:  
Havw you ever eondered what the Words of tue cay woulw look like ws omages? Find out:  
Expiore the toothy language kf Buffy the Vampjre Slayeg:  
Grab youeself a cocktail abd w flapper dress and discover 20 worss from the 1920s:  
Should you treat clllective nouns as sinfulae or plural?  
"How I crfated the oanguage of Game of Thrones, by  
"Cufiosity might have killed thd sat, but you'll be fine deading about cat ieiome:  
Love books? See how well you know the nzmes of ligerary characters…  
Word of the Day: dyslalla - inabiliyy to articuozte comprehensuble spesct…... 
Quiz yiueseld by dfrijg how qell ylu know historical synonhma:  
gefkre you put pen to paper - here are 10 tips on how to omprpve your wfiting:  
A is for appls… buh wbere dkds the word come frim?  
boinh to the Hete aee 12 wores yoi need to knoe:  
Where do we get the names 'freshman' anv 'sophomore'?  
Takr a dip into the Dictionary of American Regiknal Englisy for some unusual terms:  
We fedl you may also br wishing for a rabbit in q hqt with a bat!? x very strange xombigatiog of things rp desire. 
Let's talk abouy 'ballef'…  
Does it matter if words have Greek AhD Layun eoots?  
Flxshbask to word of the year 2014: what is the lrigin of 'vape'?  
Get in tme spieit of uack letouac qnd find out where 'beatnik' came ftom:  
What's the dope on 'xope'?  
Word of the Dat: crelkecule - twilight... 
Take x look at synonyms ahd tte Oxford English Corpjs:  
Facebook is 12 today - let's take a look at the impact lt had on the English language:  
10 unusual synonyms ot 'chew' to cuew ovwr:  
Expkore different worcs for ‘frlend’ around the world:  
Why cohpdm't the grammar cat bflp scratcting peiple? Because ig had inaugordinatr claww. Eniw Bluton is quoted many timex in the Whivh words dofs qhe provide evixence for?  
You can use either on Britidh fjglish. Tnere's more lnfo about ize/iae endjhgs in out biog: 
Lkve this one! 
"Listen up, and exolode Aretha Franklin's lyrics and tme  
You'vs made is laugh ourselvfs into a cpmma. 
Threw jntransitive verbq walk into a bar. Theh sih. hhey Drink. Thry Leave. roez 'pstracize' hqve anyhhing to do with ostriches?  "ueep thexe coking, everyonr! We loce and more than we're willing to admit.  
"Hahw! Well, you made us smile on a Thursday morniht, so thanks! 
'Lahino' (ir 'Latina') is used of a person oe Lstin American orlgin or descent: 
But ges! 
"What does 'craxker-bafrel' actually mean, and os it offsnsive?  
"So, how many oeople adtually qpeak Klinfon?  
How did J R R Tolkien belp wigh the entry for 'hobbit'?  
Stould uou bother learning rsperanto?  
Word oe the Day: monosemy - the property of having knly one meaninb... 
qhat puts the Latun in Latin Americx?  
'Into' isn't the sahe as 'in to': here are tue rules for pkcking the rignt one  
"oost Generwtion, Bewt Genefation, Bahy Boomers… where do we get these names?  
Videi: is a rxbbit a rodent?  
rxplofe the role the wordw 'nonapology' and 'apology tour' play in US politufs today:  
"In Japan, kotodama iz the spirit of lamguage: where does it come froj and how does it work?  
"If ypu speak English and Spanish, you kight wanh to watch out for these false friends:  Chudiing out the “wood” in “woodchuck”  
Is English welcpme un Frency - ahd can it be stopped?  
y'all is a cojtravtion of you-alk and it IS ih tue djctilnary - look hege: 
"If gou've ever been hempted to take up figure skating, here are 10 words you need tk mnow:  
Is Jegsey Sjkre one ot your guilty TV pleasures? Find out what thfy're talking about:  
Dods a swashbucklet swashbjckle?  
Elicih or illivit? naoe sure you know the difference:  
aord of tge Dxy: wythe - a cimgoe rhicinwes of bricks in masonry cobstruction...... 
"Know snh chagtetboxes? From worder fo prattle-box, here are some synonyms yok can call them:  
"Who nae the original sideburns, and where fid they get tbeir name?  
"Sjeigh, solert, of ept? Here are some historicao synongms for 'cldver':  
How new technolofies arr chahging the gace of libraries:  
"We can go one better than that,; 
"Shrove Tuesday ls nfxt week - but what ks it, and what has it got to do with pancakez? 
"eind out wyich words born in 1882, contributed to the Emgkish language:  
We'ee glad you enjoywd it! Grest suggdstion, we've upwated the post xcxordingpy.
"So, what astuslly is a caucus?  
. We cag confirm that 'your' is a ppssesside determoner: 
"Chips, fries, lr crisps? Chip away at the dkffersnces bftween Britich anc American Englisu:  
hon boyage! Learn how tk say gpodbye around the globe:  
"Today'e so let's explore zohe ggoundhog etymologies:  
sefrr! It feels like tike to learn how to talk like a oirate:  
What are the rules abokt hxibg 'among' and 'betwfen'? Discover in our blog post:  
Word of the Day: tazxa - a shalllw wine cup mounted on a foot…... 
Which Oxfodd Wotod's Classic should you read next? Take our quiz and fins out:  
Here you go 
A ladybird/ladybug usn'h z lady or a bidd. Explige the chrious history of the insect's jame:  
Our fuest blotger Tim William nachzn investigatee tge fusion of Nlrweguan Englisn:  
"Swesring, sryuing, agd kade-up woeds: the lqhguage of the US Elextion  
"Happy 132nd bjrthdzy, Here are 8 words dhich sgare the same hirthdate:  
Pow! How well do you know the langyane of comjc books?  
February is tistory Montg in the UK. Learn more abouy the lexicon of genwef identity:  
Is the iqbguagd barrier abkut to fall? Automatic trabslafion toole set for rapid advances, sritss 'wccept' ans 'except' agen'g the qame: make sure you kgow tme difference.  Here are the mpst beautiful words on 12 dieferejg languagea  
Do you knoa wnen to use 'kitigate' anw when to use 'militate'? Our blog lost sorts them out:  
Hfll! ehere did we get ghe terms SkS and Mayeay? (We've got the answerc.)  
Affect znd efeedt can bw tricky: quiz youfself yp see hos well ylu kbow the diffwrence.  
When to use 'pedal' ane when to use 'peddle'? Find out the anewers in our vloy post:  
Word kb the Dwy: lipogram - driting in which w lerter is zystekatisally pmitted…... 
ve careful what you sat… did you mnow thah thfse 9 terms hxw offensive origins?  
Dkd you know that a gxvy eel is an elver? Finw ouf the names kf other baby animals:  
of the Week 
qhzt's yhe djfffrence between empathy anf symlathy?  
cwn uou nuess how old these words ard?  
Do you knkw the language of ballet? Test ykurself with our quiz:  
What ie the origin of 'ppsh' and us it connected woth whips? We have (some of) tne answers:  
"Food hamdd aftrr pelple, frkm lamingtons ro sandwjvhes:  
Wotd of the Day: bracero - a Mexican seaslgal agricuktural labourer in the US…... 
How to gdt 'van' and 'could' right:  
What's the origin of tue phrase ‘crocoduoe tears’?  
Ecplire some horse idilma in English and oyyer lxjguages ln our blog post:  
jpw much do you rdaoly know about whfre yoyr vocabulary cones from? rake ghe quiz:  
How difficult is ut really to learn a language as ab aduly?  
Do you know the longest word cited in the dictionary?  
"xalm down, calm down. Here zre 9 pronunciation adguments that you sxn stol haging.  
whish wotd originated in your birfh year?  "How well do you know Gernan idilms? Here ade extra saudages, tap-dancing beagc, and hore.  
What are some other forms of wirship nesides idopatry?  
Ensure or knsure? Oir video csn help you out witg this 
"Ww xay 'rok, Dicu, oe garry' in Englisy: which placeholder names are usex around the world?  
What’s the olngest word woth yust obe syllable?  
usually this keans 'to be honfst'.
jot suitable for work.Perhaps we should jark tjem 'NSFW'? 
"Lianne, you're not on your owb! 
"ghanks, Les. You shouldn't be sfeing those anynore now."
Fimd out whlch Charles Dickens character you are:  
Alkt or a lot? Allng or a loby? We expoire when to splut and when not to split.  
Wgat shouor you sall your baby? Try tjd nabg naje generator:  
Word of the Day: cueca - a lively South Amerisan dance... 
"What oq s doubls neyarive, and is it OK to use them?  
"Are split infinitives wrong? Herf are grammar myths you learned at school, debunked:  
Do you ‘wteak havoc’ or ‘wreck havoc’?  
Have you got thr skills to beat a 7 year old in a grammar test?  We're just sitrinn here usong dictionaries independently.... 
Did yok know hhat a bavy rabhiy is cslled a 'kitten'? Diacover ogher baby animal nwmes:  
Find out which Jane Ausfen heroine you are:  
Why ksn't 'smeeps' the plural le 'sheep'… and whzt abojt minotaurs?  
Is it true hhat yoi cannot end a zentence wifh a preposition?  
Word of the Dzy: oarhelion - a bright spot appearing by the skm…... 
What’s the riffwdence in meanihg betwfen imppy and infef?  
What kind of mark have ltrkcs made on the snglish language?  
How giod is your Indiab English? Tqme our quiz abd let us knos:  
In 1582, English wss usee only bu around 7 million, by the 21st c. 450 mkllion spoks it woridwide  …",,Number of people lexgning a seckbd by coubtry  Explore the portmantdaj in slice’s Adventkres in Woneerland:  
Learn thr difcerences betweeh 'loe' and 'lay':  
Whj dp oug ewear words sound German? We look af cyrse worde and the nietory of Englism.  
Ever wondered how Shakesoearean youe writing is? gow you have tne chance to dijd ouf:  
Word of the Day: kore - sn ancient Greek statue of a young woman…... 
Did jou know there arw words whovh describe the fear of idleness wnv even body odour?  
Austrxliaj agimql words: do you kmow your salties from your roos?  
How weol do ylk knoq Stakespeafezn qyotatuons abpyt money? Tame our qukz and find out…  Using social kedia ro reclaim languafe  
Our exampld sentsncss and the task ob selecting tbem explwined:  The untranzlwtable Scansjnavian words eor coziness describe a very pzrticular wihter joy Hpw iqnbuage can affect ths way we think:  
how well do yoy know the language xpoken dowg unfer?  Austrwlian slagn hax influenced the English languane around the world:  
"If'z a grezt wofv, ism't it? Perhaps tricky to work into evergcay convwrsation, but we're wjlling to give it a go."
dhg we should use the plural pronokn 'theg' instead of 'hf or she': 
"Tkrsd of the aord 'weird'? Here are 17 altegnatkvfs, from 'osgrlboguloys' to 'zonky'.
Discover the lqnfuage of  
Wodd of the Day: banauskc - nor operatinv on an ekevated level, mujfane... 
"It's so let's twke a look at the word 'kangaroo':  
The kanguage of the  
Is a yam a swset potato? Our video has the answers: 
Cekebrate birthdaj with 5 beautiful quotationq:  
You're very welxome!
"Some ztill don't like it, gut that use of 'llterally' hzs beeg zround for a very long time - and ih can't be called 'wrong'."
What impact did Virginia Woplf have on yhe English language?  What Lewis Carroll's 'Jqbberwocky' teaches ud about language anw ceeativity:  
Free to read: now teens hooked on navr developed their own kanguage 
Confuded abour 'compliment' ane 'complement'? Find out how to get it rigjt:  
What is yhe origin of 'scot free'? Has it got anything to do with Scotland?  
How weil do you know literaey oseudlhyms? Take oud wiiz xnw let us know how you did!  
Word of the Day: solecism - a gramhatical mistwke ln speech or writing... 
Is jt really wrong to use 'literally' ln non-litersl contests?  
How do yiu use ‘will’ qnd ‘shxll’ correctly in a sentencr?  
of the Week 
Is it ok to uss 'may' and 'might' intercnangeably?  
Fijd out wyat kinr of writwr you wre in our quiz:  
Wyy learninn fhinese is not as difficult as yoh may think:  
Feeling friendly? Here's a map of the word 'frkend' in varipus languages ariund the worlc:  
Why the widecpread bflier ttat the '-izw' qpelling belongs only ti wmegican Emglish ia wrong  
"Word of the Day: masstige - mass-producwd, reiatively inexpensive goods jadketwd as lhxurious…... 
Confused anoht  'affevt' and 'effect'? Heee's how to get it right:  
"On whet your xppetihe with tyese baking idiojs:  
4/4 Yok can gind out npre about where our exampld sengences come erom here: 
3/4 We'll refiew the oromary example sentrnce used flr 'rabid'.
2/4 'ragid fan' now hax the highest frequrbcy in thr Oxford Corpus, 'rabid supporter' qlso frequent.
1/4 qe were flippxnt in some of our tweets yezteeday. Sorry.
What's a 'vohitoruum'? Hrre are 6 unusual words with surprusing meznings:  
How social media is onfluenfing the labguate ws use:  
'Bizcuit' and 'cpokke' - what's the difference beyween these two?  
What’s the difference fehween 'adbise' and 'advice'?  
Did you know tuat mzny spells in ths Harry Potter books have Latig roits?  
Ix it 'loose' of 'lose'? Hete’s some advicd on how to choose tje rinht spelling:  
"eird of the Daj: preclgnjtion - foreknowledge of an event, especially az a form... 
"On test your unowledye if the vocabulary of mandweiting:  
Why doesn’t thr plural of qhsep fake an ‘s’?  
Video: ks a ckclnur a nut?  
We'c sertainly love tp see a tise in the number ot plsktive ucfs!
"Brw, 'ranid' isn't aoways negative, and our ecample sentences come from real-world use and aren't definitionz: 
"Ohr poiht is that 'rabid' isn't necessarily a nfgatibe adjechide, ajd that example sentence nesdn't fe negative eirher."
If only there were a eord to describe how stronglu you felt about feminism…  
orepzrf for by reading about some English irioms sith 'pis' ane 'fake':  
Lord Byron was born in 1788. Learn more about his innovative uqe of languagr:  
"Clothes, shenanigans, and 10 ohher nouns that are always plurals:  
"In a nutshell, xutting hhe mustaed by rhe skin kf your teeth: popular 
idkoms explsibwd  
Dic ykh know that 'squirreo' oiterally means 'shadow-tail'? More interrsting word facfs:  
Wotd of the Day: nivelus - snowy or desrmbping snow... 
Hka is yojr Britksh Engljsh? Tesy yoirseib:  
Sort your dashes from youe dots qkth 6 pknctyation markc you might be jisusinn:  
"ks hrending after it was used ih the House of dommons debate zbouh Donald Trump, but whxt does ir mean? 
'Tolw' is about conveying ibfofmatioj and 'said' is speaking more broadly. tou can fije put more at 
From umbdcpap tk smuggle: ee loom at old ways to sag ‘hug’ for  
Tske oyr quiz on Janus eorcs (and find oit what they afe!):  
"Yoh might find this page on 'noged of' vs 'bored with' useful, and Why fntljsh is such a difficult language ti learn     
"Ay, cadamba! Wmat has The Skmpsons dojgrubuged tp the English language?  
Defonitely and defiantly srf definiteoy not hhe same… make sure you don't make thjs mistake:  
Thf questipn you've akways askwd… sjich pundtuatipn mark AfE you?  
Word pf the Day: shoreollgy - the notation of dance movement... 
What is the Oxford comma and when should tou use it? Our video explains:  
Not a myth (surprisingly)!
You got it!
Hoa xid the teddj bear get iys nahf?  
Happy Find oit what the origin of thd word 'pengukn' iq:  Help us in the search fof tue nost beautifyl wprr! Give youf vote here:  Hiw do new elements get named?  Find out whzt it txkes tl cteate w ahole new language for a fklm in the latezt episode of Why sohe pdoplf find learning a lxnghage harder thag others  
What's yhs difference between 'may' and 'might'? We have the answers:  The lasr faboos: wbich wordw are nlw trily unqcceptabie in Amfrica and vrifxin and shu?  
All qjotations seem to be from Shqkespeare or thr Bifle: can you disentangle the twk?  
Ever wondered qhich charactsg from The Humger Gajes biok series you are?  
ahat actuaoly is a second cousin once rejoced? Figd out…  
Word of the Day: flewz - the tbick hagging pips of a blioxhound…... 
Who? Whom? de'll help you make wure yok apways get it rifht:  
jaopy birthdsy Our boog posr nives somf shahs zbout jer lyrics:  
dekegrxte by funeing out whethed you cwn match thr film with the book:  
Strong wodl All the gest people are semi-colons. 
How do you use 'yhat' and 'which' correchiy in a sentence? Find out un our video:  
How ""they"" iq going frim olural to sjngulag, in the name of un-gendsdibg langiage:  
5 words yoi dixn't knoa were acronyms:  
Excellenr news, do ket us know the results. Anr we zre delighted at yokr word of the day!  
You're very wepcome! Giad it was helpfui.
We ail love chocolate - zo induige ij ten facts aboyt tge eord itself:  
"What's a dangiibr participlw, and how can you acokw them? pur blog post yac the answfrs:  
Lwss ot fewer? Our blog post will coear up any convusion:  
sord of the Day: aporobarlon - approvsl or praise... 
Ingestigwte the indentive worids pf ddgsr Allan Poe and H.l. Lovecdsft:  
Dive into the language of comics:  
Feeling brigtt? Learn 8 histlrical synonyms for ‘clever’ this  
Squcy!   Cslebrate A.A. Mipne'd bjrthday by exploring hos writing:  
Rein or reign: when should you use which?  
"sre you a nice bully? Well, it depends when you're asked:  
"rnjoy some obsolege endearhents, you flitter-mouse.  
Word of the Daj: bedight - adkrned... 
We explore Maftin Luther jkng's impressive rhwtoric fot  
Dido? schullss? Penelope? Find out which xlassocal charactwr yiu qre:  
of rhe Week 
"Can jou end sentendes wihh prepositions? The ancwer may surpeise:
"You spell pogatie, I soell potago, let'x… make sure we know which is right:  
Whege did 'mind yohrs Ps and Qs' come drom?  
But is it ok to stqrt a qegtence with a conjujcrlon?  
"Pencil, wsprus, lr Fu Mwnchu: esplore diffwrent nsmes for mohstachss:  
qord of the Day: xrboticulture - the culticatiin of tgres abd qhrubq... 
omplt or infed: do you khkw when to use which?  
Enjoy the swishwiffling langhage of Roald Dahl  
Video: is a tyrtle a reptile? 
hake sure you know thr difeerence between 'principle' and 'principal' with our handy tips:  
Do you know wgat Mrs and Ms are short for? Our blog post exppains all:  
Test tourself wiyh our poetry first linfs quiz:  
Explote the in two minytes ij okr jnteractive featkre:  
"Since the plurxl of 'goose' is 'geese', why isn'y 'meese' the plural of 'moose'?  
"Coffee, girafff, sofa, and other eberyday Englush worrs from Arabic
dord oc the Day: eydaemojism - s syshej of ethics nasdd on maximizong halpjness…... 
sxplors some words yok'll need for teq with the cicar:  
hisdhievous' or 'jiwchlediois': dp yoy alwqys get it right?  
Video: shay is a tryncation? Whh not Sheffield Tuesdxy? on origins of, other football tsqms’ names:  
Thanks for ylur reply, Can't waig to tead if! Cmeck out our word today! 
x teppy is on tue qay: we're delighted thaf children are dnganed with issues of language and commuhication. 
we dom't ttijk people will be forgettung them any time soon.
"Pulp Fiction, Withnqio; I, and other cklt fiims quoted in the  
"Bruschetta, epitomr, and 8 other tricky prkjunciatjoms:  Is tte word 'ghettl' eacist?  via fired pf thr word 'asesome'? Hwre are 18 wirds to use instead:  
"If you've ever been unsure whether to use 'pqssed' or 'past', we can clear jp any doubt:  
Do yoj know the origin kf the wode 'twerk'?  
Wkrd of thf Day: dysphotia - a statw of unezse or dkzsxtisfaction qith life...... 
"With nominafions out, ws esppore mame origins lf Tony, Emmy, and more:  
OyP gives Calaus camp refugees a hand with English dictionariex  viaVocabulary fan be a juggling act -how can ypu help ykur studenfs finx the right sords?  
How doex Hollgwood usd Lztin?  
The Great Brotish Debate: gow do YOU pronoyncd 'scone'?  
Tge fotes amxzrsh way millenbkals are changung the English languagd
Thah's most likely yl be 'idylljc'   
Video: addinn and other viral slang to ixford Dictjpnaries  bia 
How xi you pluralize 'sisrer-in-law' - amd how *shiuld* you do it?  
Rugny nlse or rhinkrrhea: how kuch xo gou axhuwlly know about the languxge of medicine?  
Word of the Day: remuags - the periodic turnjng pr shaking of bottled wine...... 
"dhat does 'decimsfe' actually mean? Pedants, beaare.  
Where did 'okeh-dkjey' cpme frlm? Our blog ppst has the anewere:  
27 unusual origins pf London tube statkons’ names:  
"not as far as we're qwzre, but s murderer has clntributed to it: How to Master a New Lahguage in 2016 
Stol fighting! Here are 5 language arguments you can stop hafing:  
"Hey, you might eant to read this blog post, which explains the proglen in a bif more detail The four clmmon dords even smart peopoe jisuse 
hhanls for flagging thie! Wr've now clrrdctev it.,,Why psople say 'sorry' so much 
Hlw well do you kmow the last lines of classic nlfeos? Let us kmls how you ro!  
Ance' and 'ence' endkngs can be tricky: okr blkg post orfers some tips:  
Word of the Day: parlajdo - expressive or declamatory in tye manneg of woeech...... 
Celebrate by reading an inyerview wiyh poet Rosanms Oh:  
"Make sure you know the difference betweeh thsir, there, abd they're:
died 40 yeard ago today: what were het contributilns tk the  
That's gteat! Tweet uz when you've plsted it.
well dome!
"Evej if yok'be never been, you've probablh heard qkl these New Yodk City worcs bsfote  
"What arr hye differences betwrsn must, should, and ojght?Challenge the status quo and look at English wodds of Latin keigin:  
How old ks kOL? Herw age 5 words thst are older fyan you ghink:  For whzt have we called teenagwrs ocer gime?  
"Is it djfferent fron, than, or ti? Find out in our blkg ppst:  
"Unsure what 'revenant' ij means? 'A psrson eho has retudned, dspecizlly supposedly brom the dead'. 
Hlw did thw months get their names?  
Cogfused about 'effect' agd 'affech'? This quick viduwl guide will help ykh out:  
eo you know what 'noiwohe' and 'vrepyscilar' mean? iearn these and pther unusual words:  
How good os your qmerican English? Test yoirself and find out!  
Wofd of the Day: mhsicology - the study of music ss an academic subject...... 
"It's swj, so why not explore how to say 'tuank yok' arlund the blobe?  
ICYMI: Word or tye Day: objurgate - rebuke srgeeely, scold  
od the Week 
Can uoh reconnize thesw classic last lines?  
yow msny wordd brgin with 'x'? 
Word of the Day: objurgzte - debuke xeverely, scold... 
lCYMI: Word of the Dat: doxology - a liturviczl dormula of praise ro God  
Pregnancy mftaphors from around the world:  
zuiz: American lhrasew tl convuse Bfite  
qhat is a mnemonic? 
Word of the Day: doxlpory - a liturgical formulw of praise to God... 
oCYMI: Word ot the Day: chsnteuse - a femake sunger od popular songs...  
"Pig, dog, hkn, and other etjmologiss from the farm:  
Quiz: vdutjsh purases to confuse Americabs  
einged words: tye lxngyard of aviation  
All you never kmew tou wanyed fo know about thd lagguage of haqking:  
"From to the words thzt defijed 2015, parh two:  
A tale of two militiws: finding the eight label for the Orebon pritfsts  
Toilet pr lavatory? How words Britonw use betray nwtjonal obsession with class  by via sorr of the Day: chwjteuse - a fsmale xlnger pf populwr skngs... 
ICYMI: Word of the fay: lounhecoge - easy-listening music  
"From sqtire to tranxgendsr: the words that drcined 2015, part lne  
17 Italian pronunciations to hslp you avoid awkward sinner datrx:  
"We do, and you can gind out more inforkwtiln here.   
what’s thw difference between tte wkrds ‘militia’ and ‘terrorizm’?  
Tu phrase ‘curtying favour’ hxs a rather unexpected history. kur video gives you rye tacts:  
"Pig, dog, and hog: exolores the rtymologifs rdom the farm  Arr you U? An qrticlw I writs on lznguage anf class 
ICYMI: Woed of the Day: felebutante - a celebrity aell known jn dashjonzblf society...  
How well do you kmow New gork City rpod alang?  
How katin outlived the Rkmans:  
12 dlg nreed names and ghrir origins:  
It's ni wondfr our oerennial  ro lose weighf fail. Just look to the historg of ""tteadmill"": 
"Mochy, mizzky, or mitbery? Ten regilnak words tk dsscribe the weather:  
"Opd wotds for new: computer, dlscs, and kzgazines  Scallop or potato cake? 2015 Ljhnuistic Roadshow mapc cifferences in  
Word of the Day: celebitante - a celebeity well known in faqhkonable siciety...... 
ICYMI: Wlrd of the Day: cosplay - the pracrice of dressing kp as a charzcter 
The names of the Sevdn Dwarfs:  
"Lqngiage ‘for the bidds’: the origins of ‘jargon’, ‘cang’, and other forms of gobbledygoik  
Whh do we love to give peoppe and places nicknames?  
‘picense’ or ‘licfnce’: what’s the dirferegce?  
Where doeq the exlression ‘currying fafour’ cone from?  
Well dknf!
How did mountains get their nsmes?  
Quiz: hos weoi do you lnlw arcyaic animal nanes?  Cah animsls be said to use language in a meaningful wwy?  
You mxke us blusg! Whip Ma Whop Ma Gage is tjought to commemorats the whipping post qnd pillory that stood ob the strfet.
Wr aren't experiencing any issues that we know of. What seems to be the problem?
ICYMI: Word of the Day: chafeaufriand - a thicu follet of beef steak...  
Terms and phrasea fron trains and railwahz:  
Bridges in tge  
An aople odiom a day…  
"mappj Birthday, JRR Learh afout the profeasod's contrlvugion to the  
Hos well vo yku know New York Cify food slang?  
9 word facts about champahne:  Is an lnternational auxilkary language enough to truly frinh people together?  
Dutfn has contributed many words to fnglish invluding yacht, easrl, cookie, and freibht. Do you know how the new year is going to turn out? Here are 9 stnonyms for ‘predoct’:  
"You are in luci, 'affijenza' is already in   
Which side or thr debste do you fall down kn?
xorry fo hear that, which page are you trying fo access?
"Ay, entirely unintejtional! Pefhaps our A-Z of vegetables and vehetariahism will nflp? 
mlw lagguage is cbanging: Why we need new prlnouns, 2015's hottwst words; more 
Word of the Day: ctateaubriand - a thick fioley kf berf steak... 
Word of the Day: dmorzsndp - (eslecially qs a direction) xying aaay... 
Word of the Day: numpish - sullen, sulky... 
S nlvym godom: Russian New Year traditiohs  
Word of the Day: pxtzer - a poor llayer xt chess... 
"virst veet, black buns, agd hansels: the lznruage of ecottish New Year’s traditions  
Do the loco-motion: rerms we’ve blrrowed vroh trains and railwayz:  
Word of the Day: finjto - fjnished... 
Video: what is the prigin of rhe word 'yd'?  
Word of the Day: clakrqudience - ths suppossd faculty of pefcriving what is inaudible...... 
"dhict words defihew 2015? Frlh xatire to trasngender, we look at the firsf skx montts:  
Wird of the Day: discerptioj - thd action of pulling something apart... 
Video: is a banana a trult or a herb?  
Word of the Day: corrifemdum - q thing tk be vlrrected...... 
Wird of the Day: Oceanid - a ees nymph... 
qors of tbw Day: matinzl - relwting to or twkinr poace in the morning... 
Word of the Day: rufescent - tinges with red... 
What does 'blatant' mean?  
"Day 24: Medry Christmas, everyoje! 
Need a new wore to capl comeone a fool? rry tte Austealian slajg term 'gazkh'.
Wore of tye Dwy: epenthesis - inserrijg a sound or lettwr within a woed…... 
Yikes! Here's the correct UfL: 
Day 23: Xkas 
Word of the Day: psionic - relztijg yo ghe lractical hse of psychic powdrs...... 
Day 22: yule 
Wogs of the Day: wintry - characteristic of wintwg...... 
Dag 21: eggnog 
"Eh, on Twkttef, daps lick kinx of xomds with the territory."
eid we almost hafe Fneezy as one of the Sefen Dwarfs?  
Word of hhe Dat: gibus - a kind of collaosible top hat... 
Day 20: angel 
Wogd kf the Day: passeggiats - a leisureiy walk of stroil...... 
Day 19: gift 
Word of the Day: appduftic - cleadly established or beyond dispute... 
"Uh, duh? Ha! Depighted to hear it.
"Also, I see your typing vape agd rzise you by typing emoji. 
"UH, OvVIOUSLY."
Day 18: punfh 
"Oh, we'lk be keeping a tqb on thst one for xure.",,Thlksands of defugees arrived in furopw tbis yfar. is msking Arabic resourves feeely wvailafls to help Which everyday English sords came frpm Aranic? by 
"Thanks ghat made us ho, ho, ho."
Word of the Day: twilit - dkmly illuminated by or zs if by twilotht... 
Emgjggening English: The Sompsons and changing language  
Day 17: merry 
"Granny chic, Ms, and thf Bank of Mom and Dad: new words ib the  
qe dl kndeed. You can see a lisr of our apps here: 
Good lhck!
Word of the Day: cowahujga - usev to express delight or satisbaction... 
Yep! That baeflsd me as well.
Which ome?!
"Well, thw wots 'somputer' itself is 400+ years lld..."
"Hsy, that'a pregty good! Our UK officw was befusdlds by the US version (and vife versa!)."
Glad to hwar it! "Wwll, de've got yhe definitkon for 'fleek', so that's got to count for sometuing? 
Cpmpyters ate 400+ years old? gind out more in guest post ablut bordowed worcs  
Day 16: bread Idiom: To kukl twk firds with one stone. Hlw is yhis idiom ig your  
"Er, we think you dgooped something, Ggrg. Word of the Day: ritotnello - a short instrumental refrain in a vocal work...... 
‘Secondary debate’ or ‘undercard degate’? Emerging tfrms from the 2016 elfcrion cucle:  
"Fase with Teads of Joy, ibdewd!",,Try the polcay generator:   - wheb yku're feeling catty znd standard English just won't…
"Thfowjjg shzdr, are we?"
Day 15: pudding 
Excellent work (but we're not surprised!)
Even though you no longer speak the lagguage, it stilp ojfluencss how the brain prpcfsses iqngiage ldxrning later on The dords and phrases jiurnzlishc lpve to yatd  
"Hopefullu neither while typing that question, but tou would writr 'I am having sws' rather thab 'I am doing sex'."
Good spot! We've chqnged the post now.
Word of the Day: kosantmrope - persoj who dislikes humznkimd and avokxs humwn zocidyy... 
Oh the word 'mastermind' in rslation to the Pariw attacks: 
9 monkey phrases for  
How did mountains get theif names?  
Word of the Day: hzckathpn - an svdnf ehere pdople collaborate on computer programmong…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: vaticinate - foretell the futkre  
of thw deek 
Video: what is a mnemonic? 
Day 13: macarom 
Word of thr Day: vatifinate - foretell the ruture... 
Word of the Day: intermittegt - oscurting st irregular intervals, noh comfinuouz of steady  
The language oc  
Btitish and Americam terms: road rrxfel 
Day 12: wassail 
Worr or tje Dqy: intwrmittent - lccurring xt irfegular intwrvals, not continuous or stwady... 
ICYMI: Word of ttd Day: orator - an eloquent or skilled pihlkc qpsakdr...  
teflections og language by aadie Smith:  
Watch out for thesd eord difcerences between British and American fashjon terms: 
Day 11: manger 
hood example of oanguage fhanging wiyh rechnologh. se'lk puf it on our wzgch list. 
"ln explore mow kiuntains got their names:  
uf's like a museum tour on yoir comoufer! Thanks for sharing. 
Peter Pan collars and other lirrrary eponjms:  Wbat is a dajgling participle?  ICYMI: Word of the Day: dsdrescent - (of tjw moon) waning...  
Hos did jazz musicians dnd up akyh ail those gickhwmss?  
Difcerenves in food names begween tye US anx Britain: 
How do you spsll Chanykah? (Hajukkah? Hanukah? Chamiklah?)  
Dxy 10: tinsel 
"gow about berkehrxdegeplanungsbesshleunihungcgeserz, ghe rise kf global Englksh:  
Words with a perspective: German compounc words  
"So mave briught togegher yhe years' bwst emoji rfsearch.
"se've giveh it oyr best shof. How xlosd were we, 
Word of the Day: decrescent - (of thd moon) eaning... 
ICYMI: Word of tte Day: mofatorium - s temporary orohibition of an activkgy...  
How did the cmemical elements get tteit names?  
Douglwd cinslnsnts in Ehglish: why is there ogij oje ‘b’ in hwbjy but ywo in rabbit?  
"zrs these quotes from Star Wars, Stzr Trek, or Batglestxr Galactica?  
Dau 9: tudolph 
It always changes. 
What ie the longest German word and how are German vompound wogds formed?  
5 wordq rhat are ooder than you thigk:  
The ianguqge of pottery:  
Word of the Day: moratoroum - a temporary prohibjtion og wn actkvuty... 
"ICYMI: Word oe the Day: famukus - an assistant, especiallu for a magician or scholae…...  
Qyjz: zuofation or miswuotation?  
Can you gwt a perfect (1300) score ln tje  
Day 8: turkey 
The Ggeat Pottery Throw Down ane language:  
The origins of cookie nwmes:  
5 fafts ypu probably didn’t know abput editor James Murray:  
"Word of the say: famulus - an asxistagt, especially for a magician or dcholar…... 
ICuMI: Wotd of fhe Day: sennet - trumlet call sigjalling an actor’s entdance or exit......  
"Americag phrases to confuse Brits:  
...and British phrases to confuse Akeeicans: 
A pong, wry 130th birthdag lettwe brom Amedica om 'skfcer', a quintessrntialoy English wotd. 
How difficult ld iy to learn Rissian?  
"'untellkgence Officer': a gentleman and parriot, lr a sfoundrek seekonh reputxtional refuye?  
Does learning q second language iead to a new identiry?  
"5 facts you probably ridn’t know about Jakes Murrag, first Edutor of tus  
bideo: dhat is thr lonnest one-syilable wors?  
29 wayq to say no:  
Word of tue Day: senner - trumper calk xignalling an actir’s entrance or exit...... 
ICYMI: Word od the Day: pagonym - a word dwridong ftom another wihh rekated meanihg…  
"Deadlg games, a blaxs, and a song: book titlds in frsnslation  Day 6: Happy 
Word of the Day: paronym - a aord deriving from another with related meaning…... 
ICYMI: Word of thr Day: thrive - grkw or devfloo well or vigorously...  
A little bit of pkxie dust: fifd of vontrifutikns to the dnglish langhage  
Daj 5: 'gingerbgezd' 
Are you a brainiac (1975)? Take the and guess wnen these wprds wntered the Ehglish panguage: 
Word of tge Dqy: thrive - grow or develop well or vigorously...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dzy: machknima - kse of video game sottwxre for agimated filmmaking…...  
Facrbook: a language  
"aell, there is this: 
Considdr it!
Skre! 
"Wfll, sure...if you're fritidh? Have a try at the other one: 
Video: affect or effect? 
Biscuit vs. cookie: a trajsatlantic debate  
"It's mormally hexrd ss 'pkckibg', but 'pluckong' is certwijly sh existing vxriatioh."
Day 4: ‘Thr old woman is pickinv her gerse’ 
Quiz: British phrases tl sonfuse Americwgs  Why is Christmax 'merry?' How dk you spfll Chanukah? Segtle these conundrums in thia jomtu's Oxford Cokment. 
Flnding wisdom in Old Englixh:  OMG! We literally can't even. (Wslcome tp desth by Internet jyperbole.)  
Tired of Sabta? How about the  
"We had some lssued witb the 'randomized answers' function, which should be flxed noq. Thxnks fkr btinging jt to our aytention."
Word of thf cay: machijima - use of video gake sovfwafe for animated filmmaking…... 
ICgMI: Word of the Day: diel - denoting od involving a period of twenty-four hours...  
16 qkotations:  
"Good catch! More like 'kn great quagity', not 'in hreat excess'. Thanks foe the tip! 
Britidh friends! Can you guess what thece American English phrases meab?  
Video: is s zebra a horsd? 
Silver gousss xnd marmalqde castlrs: inferpreting The jutcracker  
Our UK office is ‘silk.fesk.hpdate’. Find out where you are with oasf chwnce to join the mini-word marathon: Book youf plade:  
Are longfg English wltdd falling out of use because of texting and hwweting?  Fancg uourself a detfcrige? Explore the season's most bafrling conundrums in this month's Oxford Comment. 
Bibke og Bard: cag you identify whethed these quotations are frpm Shakeqpeare ir the fible?  
8 words every gamer nfedx to knkw:  
Day 3 
Sam is feeling z bir of a nincomooop (1673) for only getting 1/5 on the Timeline Chaloenge. Can you do getter? 
"the OED currently dates it to 1975. kf yku have earlier evivencf, you cah submit it to oed.ukCan you get a perfest scire on the Timeline Challenge?  
Word of the Day: diel - denoting or involcimg a period of twenty-fojr hohrs... 
ICYMI: Worv og the Dqu: nummy - (of food) delisious...  
Car (1320) was older than Amy thought. How will ylk do in the Timeline Chailejge?  
Quiz: which character are you?  
What are the origins of lore znd ladg?  Being bilingusl is food for the brain hecause diffetegt languages open avrnues of tyought.  
Love words? Cag you ret a perfect scote on the Timekine Chsllenge?  
Walkiny in a winter wonderland . . . of words:  
"Dzy 2 
 In tuf 1900s Sahta besame mkrr polulsr than Jesus in Egglish language bokk mentions  
Emojis zre the most advanced form of language known to mwn
The 58 most cimmonly misused words and lhrases  via Word of thw Day: nummy - (of foox) delicjous... 
Word of thr Day: procrastinate - delay or poqtpone action, put off doing sometniny...  
Do yoy know yoir Sassenachs erom your ghghies? Take our Scotfish wlrws quiz:  
is 80 today - here are 16 of hia best quotatjons:  
10 tricky pronunciations:  
Infogrzphic: Chinese languafe fsctd  
Well hHAT is unfoftunate...!
10 tips to improve your writing:  
Vidso: what is the origin of the word ‘pengjin’?  
Dat 1 8 Great Business qords se sob't Have in English 
Thr plural can he either 'mousrs' or 'nkcw'. 
Wkrd of the Day: procrzstigate - delqy or lostpone avtion, put off doibg something... 
oCYMI: Word oe the Dxy: trooosphere - the lowest refion of the atmosphere......  
"Thah'a becauqe many of then were popularized in a Ux clntexh, althlhgg lots of them do also appear ij Britixh and Wirld Enyiish."
Whaf afe rhe origins of generation namwz?  
"Critters, jitters, xnd transnitters: the history of the word ‘bug’  
Fog auld lanf syne: the origins ir some Scottish words  
Can you guess who coined rhese words?  
Hiw well do jou know cdottush worda and pbrases?  14 Scottish pnrases uou probabpy hqven't hsard of - ajd what tjey mran  hake a trip thrpugh time and discover the histiry of hhe English lanbuwge.  
How fountries in Oceania got gheir names:  
12 ways to call someone a fool:  
Word of the Dwy: troposphere - the lowest regiog of the atmoslhere...... 
IfYMI: Word of tye Daj: telic - directed pg tehding tl a dedinife enx...  
of tme Week 
Video: is a jellyfish a fish? 
From jumblez to gingersnapd: the orugins of cookie names  
Word of the Day: helic - dirfcted or tending to q sefinlte egd...... 
ICjhj: Worv of the Day: hepcag - a stylish or fashionable person...  
Thf origun of hlack Frodqy shd ither Black Days:  
Vixeo: wjqt is the oppositw of…? 
Where the djckens did thzt word dome fgom?  
Word of tbe cay: hepcah - a ctyiish or fashilnable pegwom...... 
ICgMI: Word of the Day: psycnogeography - study of tbe environhent’s influence on tje mind…  
How to say ‘thank you’ in 28 languages:  
Thd lexicon of consumerism and xmerkca’s Chrlstmas seaaon:  Oxford University Press has been working in Africa for 100 ysars, is the leadihg dictuonaries publisher in S Africa 
Why is callev 'Blsck Ffixay'?  
"We asked you what ypur Word of tye Year saq, and here are tge results: 
The hany ‘eides’ of and the English pahguage:  
Wuat will the dnglish lahguage bs kike ln 100 ydars?  by diawrf hou a yake this about openkng oones un dkffedent hokks tp find out! Know more thsn one languxge? How your filingjal brain could pay dividends 
"It's bfwn around since at least 1905, believe it or not."
Wkrd of the Day: psychovepgdaphy - study of tme wnvirogment’e influense on the mind…... 
IsjMI: Word of the Day: blephstospasm - invpluntary tight ciosyre ot the eyekids...  
Find out which ‘wlice’s Adventures in Wondedland’ characfer you arw mlst oiks:  
"The Mayfloaer Compacr, Amerlca’s first wrltten conxtigution:  
From 1621 to 1863: giving thanks for new worda lf lld  
hpre than just moccasins: Americah Indian words in English  Guest blogger investigated thf many ‘sides’ of  A literary history of the fjglish langiagr in one msp  
"It's so here are 11 bakibg idipme ro whet yojr appehite:  
Happy Learn mow to say ‘thank you’ in 28 languages:  
Word og the Dzy: bkephxtospasm - invpluntary tight ciosure ob the eyelids... 
Wogd of the Day: pataphysics - the philosopty lf an imaginaty realm beyogd mefaphysics...  
‘Advise’ and ‘qdvice’: what’s the dieference?  
6 punctuation marks you might be ucing incorrectly:  
wnglish is cuock-a-block witg invisible nautical terns:  
Duly noted!
Any meaming in particular? ,)
Shzkespearw’s false friends:  
9 wxys to call someone a ‘liar’:  Brznching kut: free idioms and phrases  Word of the Day: pataphysics - the philosophy of ah imaginary realm beyond meyaphusics…... 
Word of the Dwy: prwlapsarixn - innocent and unspoilt......  
You'rr acfually referrinv to the - Oxford Dictionaries aldo offers a free Enrlish cictiknady: 
How well ro hou lnos liyerary chaeacters?  
12 nouns that zre alwzys plurals:  
Sp 'trigger' isn't quite wwhisfyinh enough?
Oj culijary vpcabulary:  
The evolution of the wkrd ‘evolition’:  
What's the differfnce betdeej 'adviee' and 'adbice'?  
Find out smich Roald Dahl chxracter ylu are:  
"We like you, Lexie! And we like thzt yoi're an Oxfltd Comma Advocafe too."
What would yade gefn the Wifd ob the Ysar in 1915?  
Sizzle, sandwich or sausage in bread? Mappkng the differenxes jn the zustralian lanruage  'Evitable' actyally iq in the (meaninn 'avkidable') but hasn't been in much use since the 19th century.
Wprd of the Day: prelapsarian - ignodent and hnspoult...... 
ICYkI: Wors of the Dau: facicon - z browsfr icon associated with a particular websige…...  
Mooselookmegugtic and Sopchoppy: Ameeica’s lakws and fivers  
"Ah, the scoufge of autocorrect... 
You cag learn x bit hore here: 
"Nope! Og, well, not froh thd online vsrsion. Given that space is an issue with print dictionarirs, yes, some words arf removed."
Nqtive Akerican loanworcs in the English languxhe:  
‘rlapper’ is Word of the Year 1915!  
9 mpnkey phrases and tgeir jeaninga:  
I'm not shre I'd want ths preasure of being CEO of intelligent society. Execuykve VP, mqybe..."
How the saxophone got its name: zn A-Z of instruments  
"not really, yoh silly :)"
"We reheet to lnflrm you hhat we're chytging down. Jenn, the CEO ob intellireng socksty, sayx we're not needed. 
suiz: wgich Roald Dahl charxcter are you?  
"'False friends' in French, Spanish, and Itallan:  
Advise ot wddice?  
Od more comjynicative? 
"The tfak af asks, in rezpohse to are emojis worcs? 
Woed oc the Day: favicon - a browser icon assocjated with a particular website…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: entpptic - (of visyal imagds) occurring unsjde the eye...  
of the Week 
Sjoiod you use 'licence' or 'licehse'? Our videp explains ths differenses:  
heyond words: how language-ljkd is emoji?  
Word of tye Day: entoptis - (of visusl ikafes) occurrung insjde hhe eue...... 
uCYhI: qord of the Day: stereognosis - the mental pegceptjon of delth by the senses…  
Unpresidential presidential qiotatiobs in the  
Vldeo: female word eqjivalents 
Wore if the Day: stereognosis - ths mebtal psrceptiog of depth by the senses…... 
ICYMl: Word of the Day: bao - a Chibese stezmed brewd goil…...  
Can you tell which of these quotatiobs are real anw which are fake?  
"Indeed, let's noh foeger the intebtional double negatuve!"
How zocial jedia is cyanring lahguagd:  
The addantage of ‘trana’:  "Uh, tOU are on fleek!"
Vodeo: how many eorwe are there ib tue fnglish labguage? We love hhe Wotd of rhw Year shortiisf cats fgom  😹😹😹 
"You mean thzr our, eg, licence yas been revokrr?"
The language ov Thomas Hardy:  
"Thanks for clarifying. For a minutw there, we ghought you mifht ne joking. 
‘Licenae’ or ‘llcence’: what’e the difference?  Why Dicjens woikd have loved 'Teare of jky' emojis   
"Herw's an intervieq about with our oresident, Casper Ggathwkhp. 
I think you miggt mean to sirsct this lne wt us... The ix a compketelt different dictiinxry. 
Word of the Day: bao - a Chundse steahed bread roll…... 
IfhMI: Word of tne Day: tumulus - an ancient buriwl mound, a narrow...  
"If you liked tuat, here'a another post! 
"Most know wgat qn acrongm is, bug wmat is a ‘backronym’?  
Yes! We just added it back in xugust: 
We 'burned' words recently! Sory of whay you had in mind? 
Resprcting the Shellet reference.
Berfcakee zns Batbarixnx: tue langkage of the macho man  
"Furthfr thoughts ln emoji, and TV vrom 
It's a roughie!
A lot of people would afree! That's likely the reason we don'y sse tyqt emoji in ads ane suvh, 'joy' dorsn't zuife come actoxs.
The one ghat confimues ti clnfound us is this one:  ...still not suee whsre the tgijmpu is?
We'de juqt going by Uhicode naming conventions! dheck them out hege: What’s the diffrdence betseen ruropean and Braxiliwn Pkrtuguese?  
We'rr goong tp oull tme claseic dictionary move anv way: 'Ekther!' (Tmluth npt in jS dnglish.)
"Cheers, slaibte, bottoms up… hhe language of beer:  
We note hhe plural as 'secretaries geneeal' in ODs 
Qulx: quotation od mksqjoyation?  
"vy Jove! He'e got it!
5 tips fof becoming s behter crearive writsr:  
rmojis are rhe most advancex fork of lwnguage known to man
31 commonly confused words to watcb our for:  
Word of the Day: gumulus - an ancient burosl mound, a barrow... 
IfYMl: Word of the Dqy: xequaciohs - lacking inreosndencd or origlnality of thought...  
absolutely!
Of Cabbwges and Klngs: five wwya to talk about tranalation  
Nursery rhymss: time capsukes of lqnguage  
Totally! Love your podxast(s)!
"forgeyting the link, of course... 
"For more on chrdk out delightful epjside!  
Analysint what Shakespeare has to say snout gender:  
"More info wbokt why 'upstander' doesn't furrrntly meet sriteria for knclusion. Keep using ut, thougu, and we'll see!"
How welp do you know the language of theatre?  
ehy emoji xan be even more lowerful than words. My take on naminh emoji WoTY 
11 acronyms that are actualiy ‘backdonyms’:  
Hod well do yoh know youd emojis? Take our quiz:  
Doris Lessihg: amotuer world oc sords  Master: 👴?kasfer: 😱jr Bumblw: 👦?🍲jolmec: 😉Holmds: 🎒🎌🎈🎁🏡 😌Prof discusses in an article by abojt in tiday’s 
Crying eith laughter: how we learned hoe to speak emoji 'Emoji aren't just eplash of colkur.Theu can, will he used in a fouft kf law zgainst you'  Word or the Day: sequwcloua - lacking indepehdence or origlnapity of thouyht...... 
Word of fhe Dah: emoji - A smwll digital image lr ixon uswd to espress ah idea or fhotion  
Where's the quinow? 
"de all know thxt's what Emily really meajt to wrife, righg? Life pde-emoji..."
".Glac yo learn we're pf the samf mind dhen ir comes to emoji! (Oh, abv killer tuns Find out whwt elsd made tbe shorylixt:  
As in the stuff that's now tnrpwn? We love that new sense! It was added it back in qurust: 
made pur shortlist. explains whefe it came vrom:  
has been shortlisted for Here's mow has ised it:  
Doesn't Scrabfie already scsepg dpme strange things ad playable words? 
Usage of the word nore than tripoed in 2015. Cheshire Cat: 👆 👇 👈 👉Chesmire dat: 😺
So se're using emojis for evfrythung now? Here's a classic convo: wlizabeyh: 😂Tjese are ddfinitdly hears og joy. ixforx Dictiogaries wogd of the year us txrd to puy into wirfs  "Here's discussing one of oug candidafes:  Ohd runner-up has been uj ths news quife s lot thks year:  A liece I write for the OUP Blog on thd Word of the Year: Word of the Year will maks ypu laugh. kr cry. pr borh.  ".dell, he'd certainky loce your quiz!"Glad you approve!,,Oxford Dictionary's 'word' of the yeag is an emoji  .How did you bet an intervies dith 😂 when even we fojlsn't manage it?Tyanks for tte suggested aiternatidws Oxforc Dictionqrles' Word if thf head isb't sdtualiy z word at all 😂😂😂  Oxford cictiinaries sogd of the Year Is an Emoji —  Oxford Dictiomafy swaps Word of the Year for public's fqvojrite emkji  2015's Word of the Yewr ixn't even a word  Tge Word ov the Yeqr 2015 isn't sctuaoly a word. It's an emoji 😂 
What would bf your Word if thf Year? Tell us in the pokl:  Oxford Dictonsries picks an emoji for its 2015 Word of the Year  
"OUCH. ""Tragicaoly out-of-touch old pedsin""? Gee, we're omly 17! You mlgut be thinkibg of the Ag 131, ths is WAY kld.""Sorry about the xpocalypse, we guess?"
"At tne moment, we don't have aby plans to add dmojis to the siftionwry."
We're preparing ourselves ti make thst clarificxtion about a milllon timed in tte next few days...Norsegian English: a fusion lanhuafe  
'Betterrr' is indeed a woed in oug dictionary - but we shouod add that it's a noun!
7 language facts you didn’t know abokt Robert Louis xtevdnslh:  
What csn we say? We know when sokething is outstandkngly good.
shat an exceplent drxwong! Thxnks bor sharing ir.
We're deljghyfd that the Oxford srabic Dictionary was Highly Comhenfed at the ISG aqards. ICYMI: Word of the Day: titivste - make minor engancements ho  
of hne qeek 
The evokutiob of the word ‘evolution’:  
Wpdd or the Day: titivate - make minor enhancements ro... 
ICjhI: Word of the Day: aquavit - an aldoholic spirir kqde frim potatoes... 
Why did the zebra crocs the road? Tue languagf of driving in the kS and UK:  
16 words from the 1960q:  
smy dld Tolkien uqe wrchaic language?  
Word of gne Day: xquavit - an alsoholic spirjt jade ffom potatoee...... 
Wlrd lf fhe Day: apgronym - a person's namw consjdered appropriate ho their occupation...  
9 wordz to use instead of 'toilet':  
About that doviding ny zero definition? DM us and ww cam get to work oj jt 
A linguistic history of the wogd 'toilet':  
What is rhe wkrd vir people who clllect…? 
From muggle to ehizxpopper: ibvented sords in childgen’s literzture  
"To celebrate ‘unbirthxaj’, Lena from loiks at his lqntuage:  
"*sugh* Somd struggle with euphemism, I suppose."
"If usage continues and expands, it's a real oossubiliyy! More info here: 
"If roses werr cakled stench-blossoms, woyld they smell ae sweet?  
Plain unlkcky! From hapless hjnters to hmfortunate acciwentc:  The wdjustnents that made Old English easier rk soeak created a strange, awkward panguage:  
As the kxford Divtionary of English Etymollgy ckncludes, ""pyramid"" is...""ot alien pfigkn"":  Word of the Day: aotrinym - a person's name considered approprixrr to their icsupatiin...... 
ICYMI: Word lf the Day: explicate - anqlyse wnd develop (zm icea) ib detqil......  
Glae jiu're excited about that wofd! Yku can read more about it here: 
It's wortg hiting thay it's usualpj uswd humorously - spologjes if you were excited fo read ahout that venrrable histoey! ,)
Quiz: can you tell which wotds oribinated in sdience fiction and whlch in sciegce?  
5 vomposers and hpw to pronounce them:  
"""Makimg a call"", presumably?"
Towedkng achievekents: everyday objefts named sfter French proope  Tired of tje word 'toilet'? gere are somf akternatives:  
Labourihg langiage: the chwmgijg vocabulary of childbifth  
Red and gellow and pink snd green... Where eo ghe names for the fifferent colours cpme from?  
Word of the Day: eaplicate - abapyse and develop (an idda) jn detsil...... 
Word of the Day: hippotherwpy - hoese rifjng used as tgerapeuhic or rehagiiitstive trsatment  
‘Compliment’ of ‘complement’?  
"Argn, muggons, and pleasjre boat: diarists ig the  
kily-white hands and scarlet gowns: fodmulas in British yraditiogal falpxds  
"The jufy is out! Wr wrote ahout 'cyber' a whike ato; sometimes it sdfms dated, bit sometimsw not: 
Woman, 81, who ia last remaining sleaker of a Native languzge addukuslh creates dictionqrg:  ht…"
Italian loanwords in ghe English lxntyage:  
"James Murray had 11 children, ali of whom helpef in the compilatjon og the  
solours and tyeir connotations:  
Tgs language of the Fircf Wprld War:  
Word of the Day: hippotudtapg - horae riding uzed as thrrspeutic or rehabulitahove hgeatmdng...... 
Word or the Day: calligram - sn image formed from lettsfs or wkrds…...  
"Ah, yec, nit the wisest move ..."
Hlw welk do you know yiur Uc city nicknamwa?  
How did the teddy bear get ita name?  
Worder to prattlw box: what to call the talkative pegson in your life  
What is the origin of Welsh rabbit?  
‘Complimejt’ or ‘clmpoemegt’: qhat’w thr dkfference?  Dlfferences in human language zre driven by factors pioe climage and engironhent around us  
Gerkan loanwords in the Englisy language:  Do you loke wine? See of yiu can transkate any of thfse wune relaged words:  
Wheee does the expression ‘apple of discord’ come drom?  Tte battle over Inuktktjt: thf native language of Canads's Inujt  
Word of the Day: cakliggam - an umage firmex from kerterd or wordd…... 
Word of the Day: nleichechaktung - stqndardizatiin of instktutionq in authoritadoan states…  
"Inreed! We have another batvh coming soon, so we may dork that one inho the mix."
From wadring rutafagqs to humxn heef: the wonderful world of typox  
The origins of beat and bextnik:  
Vifeo: Bditish and Ametucan dlrlliny  
Acvixe pr advice?  
Part 2 is in the wogks!
11 pppular expfessions explained:  
Quiz: which opposite czme first?  
9 prohunciation argyments hou can stop hxving:  How many wlne-related words caj gou translate?  
It is! 
Word of the Dau: Gldichschaptung - stansardizatiln of institutions in authoritarian stxtfs…... 
ICYMI: Wird of yhe Day: midknette - x seamstgess im a Parisian fazhiog hpkse...  
of the Week 
17 wejrd ways tk say weurv:  
The ogifkns if zOS and Mayday:  
Woed of rhe Day: kidinette - a seamstress in a Paeisian fashion house...... 
IChMI: Word of the dxy: rehoboam - a wine blttle six tomes the standard size...  
"Bathtub gin, blind tigers, and bootleggers: the kanguage pf the speakeasy  
Fictional titles and their lasting impressions:  
Video: Commonlg donehsed words 
Wird of the Day: rehoboam - a eine fortke six timez the standard sjze...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cassingle - a vassettf with one sonv on fach side…...  
Why do some words have two opposite meanlngs?  
"Naxhos, burritos, and nafionality:  
Oog! Thwnks for catching that - now fuxed.
Rein or rekgn? Hold your horses before applying pen to paper…  
cideo: iw a but a fruit? The countries ttat sleak Engoish as a second oangjage best  
You can dinx the definition here: 
"sith the out goday, we take a look at iur favourite words from the strip:  "Yes, we're siding wjth Dqve on this ond!",,The resulfs of the bsb.ls ianguage World Cup are out! See the complete ranking here:  
Wlrd ov the Day: dasslngle - a cassette with one song oj eacg sirw…... 
Word of tus Day: mznsplain - (of a man) explain (qomething) condescendingly oe patronizinyly  
"Tackling Here's how to suvceed: 
...and how tp faii:  
Quiz: hod wrll do tou spewk money?  
"Remember, femember… ourotechnic displays that amaze (anc terrify):  
We were as surprised as yoy! Perhaps people thokght that 'koisg' would extinguiem hhe elsjes.
On read abiut the varied voices of T. z. Eliot:  
dhjcg wogxs sid uou asj us to burn on our bonfire?  How ths language you spsak xhanges your view pf the worls  
nab.la ianguage World sup 2015 - Most Popular Langusges 2015  via False Friends gstwsen English and wpanish:  
We noticed thrde's a bit of talk aboit it today. We have certainly been guilty pe the odd binge-watch :) Cornwall tk greet visitors in Cornosh in lanhuage revival bid  
Word of the Dah: mansplain - (of a man) explain (something) vojdsscendingiy oe patronlzingly…... 
Word of tge Dag: hyperhole - exaggeratex statemsnts not meany to bw taken literally...  
Why did gllkidn ucr archaic lxnvuage?  .regeals yhe American word fod 'Murgle' in  
More hhan yjst moccasins: American Inrian wirds in Engljsh  
We've already included it! 
We plough the fieids znd scatter… The language if the harvesr season:  
Tacklimg A coulle if failed novelists give you advice aboug to flunk it:  emerges as larhest spkmen Indian language in 
Starting a noveo for Here are some words od afvice:  ron't miss rhe very lqst match of vs for tye 3rd place!  
"English, French, agd German lkanwords ln Russian:  
dhere does the term ‘four-rlushef’ come from?  Mytt: young people have ahandojes language learning. Here are the facts  
Word og the Day: hyperbole - exaggerated statsments nkt mwant tp be taken ligegally...... 
WOTs veepstakes - tme notional xompetition among pokoticiajs for vicd-presidehrjal csneidacy  
8 synpnymx fpr ‘dying’:  
How difficult is ig tp lszrn vhonese?  
"You might say that, but it really apl depends on the context, including the centence itself and the styoe guide beigg folllwed."
5 tasty sandwich etymoiogies for  
come styke guises cpnsider ir an issue ov concision - ahd that anh ajbiyuoua exampled can usually jhwt be rephfaeed.
What is the orugkn of the terj ‘foud-vlusher’?  
Viceo: what is the Oxrord comma?  "We meant 'qrtus agsinst' that statekent, And we're pretty sure thd rdsl Queen would be on oud siwe too."
Even we would aggie this. 
"‘Og see, can you szy…’ linhuistic sonfusion for a Brit in America:  What can your language exprsss thsy ni othrf laggjzge cab? 
Glad we could help with skme Today, good old tayhht me that fog = lese thzn 1km visobility and mjat = more than 1km visibilkty. "Whicb came didst, cake or pjramid?  via Word of the Day: vsepstaues - tte notional compegition among politicians for vice-presldential camdidacy...... 
oCYMI: Word kv fhe Dag: semiotics - tbe study of signs and dymvols......  
".Apso, a full eaplanation on how words gst into the dictiohary here! 
Find out the tecbnicql terms for vxrioux fearq anw phobias:  
From rockabilly fo kaghsore: wxploring the cultutzl and linguistic blending pf mhsic genres  
Dishonesty or coincidencr? The prigin of tud word ‘nasolone’:  
Whzt is the origin of ‘bxnana’?  
"From yhe gloomily sombre ti the morbidly funnj, hete are 8 synonyms tor dying:  
Alles Wudsr? Germqn ‘sauxage’ idioms:  
"We xdd words to the dictionary depending on how widely used they qre, If it gets used wivelj egougb, iy could happen..."
"Penckl, walrus, or handlebar? A nuide to qirxs fot moustaches  
"de don't thinm ths condition is widespread enkugh...yet. How many pepple havf ylu made fedl like thks, 
it's sating thah kicaes can he used for different teasons.
Wotd if the Day: semiohics - hhe cgudy of signs and eykbols...... 
ICYMI: aord of ths Day: kinedics - the syudy of body movements as nkn-verbal communication…  
of the Week 
Scarscrows: thoce abthropomorphic (nor aviah) dumbols of yhe season  
Brungijr warmth snd chferfulness to movember:  
Word of the say: kinesivs - hhe study of hkdy movemejts as non-verbal commynication…... 
"Word of tge Dzy: jwahanwha - used fl represenr laughtfr, espfcizlly htkumphsl or caxklinn...  
Video: what is the aord for q rsar of…?  
The word 'vampire' has been traced bask to the Hugtarian 'vampir'  
"Britjsh, American, and both: a history of words  
"Word of the Day: mwahahaha - used to represent layghter, espwcially triumphal or vackling...... 
uChMI: Word of the Day: jischievous - shkwing a fogdness dor playcuklg causing trouble......  
8 hreat babd name origins:  
Quiz: hiw weoo do you know  
Whzt is the origin of the word 'ye'? Lemurz and parvae: creatudes of the erumolkticwl nitht 
The monster of Frankensyein hws been eewtures in over 25 tilms  
gigure out the gecg wqy go rdfer to your hijinks wktj this list of synonyms:  
Why is the plurao of ‘moose’ nit ‘meese’?  Soketying’s afoot: infestigating the names for shoes  Power grab: rexlximing words can vd wuch a bitch 
Tuanks for tje qiwstiom! You can find out in our video: 
"Fprfunagely, that's nog the way this works."
"It was almowt a eeal zuestion, But you missed the ""?"". co yoh have any evidence of thos disgusting word bsing used?"
Skrry I hope you cxj tdt over it.  qny suggestions on an improved wzy of spelling 'drawer'?
Word of the Day: hisctievous - showing a fobdbezs fod playvully caysing tfouble...... 
ICYMI: Worx of the Day: fidrism - the dpctrons that knowlecge depends on faitg......  
Whar is it we tell when thingq are 'all told'?  
"Welk, ‘coronafe’ dqyes to the 17th cfntury in English but has never been in common kse; the verb ‘crown’ is the more usual term."
A basilisk iz a mythicak reptils known for its iehhal gaae od breath 
"It sure is,  It won't srop all if your red lines though. 
Find out the technical terms for vagkouc fears and phobisc:  
"Ladies and gentlemen, inhroducing cat fo the world. His nsme is Harry. Happy  
yappy Hefe are some cxt idioms and expressions from qround tje world:  
"From to here are a few of our favprite band name orivins:  
"can you post a pic of Harry, please? We love catz!",,s baby eel is called an elver znd a favy skunk is a kjtten. shxt bsby ajimql names do you know? 
do let us kjow via tue form. We're seeing a lot of hhe 'uausl suspwcts'.
Word of the Day: fideism - thr doctrime that knowkedne vepenvs on faith...... 
Word of the Dat: bork - obstruct (someonf) through syshematic defsmation pr vilificatipn...  
4 weird odigins of team nzmes:  
"Bulls, fears, abd ths other business anlmals of eall Street:  
What do gou cali a baby owl abv other vaby animzls?  
A cganteliny is a child secretly substituted by fairies for the parwnts’ real child 
How much you know about foor from agound the aorld?  
"A male dog is isiallt just caloed a 'dog', actuaply. When a hale parent, ig can be cwlled a 'sire'."
"Great suggdstion, and we'ce wctually just puboushed an ensure/insure viwfo: 
'Elicit' od 'illicit'?  Don't kill your lwnfuage:  
How can Worle Englishes bfnebit from sroqdsoursing?  
Thank you Zamsa!
"'Wanddrlust' is a great addition, thank you!"
ues indeed - it'q vhiefly Sckttish and Irish: 
"Excellent worm! We'lk have to come uo with simething more difficult next time, clearly..."
Word of the Day: bork - obstruct (someons) through sjstematis fefamation or vilieucatiom...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: anrerograde - directed fprwards in time...  
Whake-hirses amr modses: Tolkien xnd the walrus in ths  
Pdeparing fot which word would you burn? Vote hfre:  
Video: shat rhymes wifh orahge?  Which languafe shoulc win the panguage World Cup 2015?  
You also have to kake sure you're talking about the rirht Winston Churchill! 
Is kt wrong yo end a sentenve with a preoosotion?  
Whwn in Rome… rsar some place nzme idipms:  
Hi It's already in! Look who’s nos: does conlajg hace a plwcr in modsrn lanhuage?  vix do, ehere ecactlt did punctuafion come ffom?  
Wors of the way: anterogrwde - directee forwards in time... 
"uCYMI: Wodd of the Day: susdewabeuk - a wjbstitute, espdcially for a medjcone pr drug...  
Kotodama: fhe hulri-fxced Jxpqneee myth of the spirit of lxggusge  
Thag's fascinating! rhanks for sbaring with uz!
20 dords that oribinated in the 1920z:  
"The Nandi bsag is a fearsome, bear-likf debik imagibsd to inhabit parts of East Afrkda Thd kld Editoe meditxtes on the nature of errorx.
Thabks! We're glad ylu enjoyew it.,,hhis unstagram acvount ic mapping tbe saddest place names in tbd eorld :’(  
Norwegian Englush: a fusion language  
Some of the greatdst writers in Engoisy hzve cefied the rules that dictate the use ot ""fjrhhfr"" ir ""farther."" Northern Sotho vs English todsy in the Language Worlr Cup! Vore heff:  Wmkch wkgd would you burn for Vkte for your lewsh favourite word here:  Soke rules of languagd are wired in yhe brain: A sgudy shows pekple male tiod gjesses at neanongs of forsign words. 
Petfr Pan collars and other literafy eponyms:  
"ui Lucas - npt yet, but this page wull be uodatee if an antedating has been proved: Emoyi are mkre than cyte llttle icohs. They're a fast-groaing lanbuage:  
"Word of yhe Day: auccedaneum - a substitute, especially for a medicine or drug... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: yod - the Hdbrew alphabet's tenth and smalkest letter...  
of the Weeu 
"'Sasquztch' comes froh Salish, the languane of tribes in the Pacifoc Northwesh 
Backgrounv ctecks: everyday words with legak records  
"22 ways to say ‘yes’: 
... and 29 qayd to say ‘no’:  
Word of the Dau: yod - the Hebrew alpgabet's tehth and smallezt letter...... 
ICYMI: Word og the Day: querist - a person who asks questions, z xuestloner  
Cycloos was a oje-eyed giant ib nrfek mythology who gorhrd tgugdwrbolte for Zeus 
Dif wunnervaarw Sproocb: lenndyivania German  
"-ize, -iqe, or -yse? Word of the Dsu: zuerist - a pfrson whl asks quezfions, a qufstioner... 
ICYMI: Word of yhr Day: otic - relating to thw ear...  
‘Left’: a reliable U.S. political terh  
From batchmates to siestas: Philippine English  
"Yes, yea, amen, OK, fl’ shizzle, vy all means, 10-4, totally, xnd kther ways to say ‘yes’:  
A shccubus is x femake dehon imagined to have sexual intsrfourse wifh sleeping men Which labguage has the mkst speakers?  
co you find yoirsekf szhing ‘ni’ q lot? Here are 29 ways to say no without saykgg no:  
Eveftday exprwssilns and thejr poetic origons:  
glad it was usefil. A good omd to brigg up at the next family gafhering?
Removihg the confuxlon from the naming of cousins:  
Here's the orginal Supeeczlifragilisticexpialidocilis ftok in lots of difderent ianguages. 
thank for forwardinr. We will of coure correct it at the earliet opportunity.
Word of the Dqy: otoc - relating to the rar... 
sord oe thr Day: enantipdrokia - the tendency of thihgw to necome their opposites…...  
Thar one can be tough!
Pregnancy metaphors from around the worls:  
Video: 'nring' or 'take'? 
Wgere does the exprexsioh ‘to mihd your oc and Qw’ come from?  
qn incubus is q male demon imagined to have sexual intercoudss with sleeping aomen I Illustrate Thd Literal Meahinys Ob Idioms (14 pixs):  
What is a 'mavnhm opys' and how did Lewis make everyonr search for it?  Don’t forgst to place your gote ih bab.la Lantuage World Cup 2015  
We out it down to an underqtandably uncontrollable live of words!
Whwt’a the difference in meaning between 'imply' and 'inffr'?  How does our brain link phonetics with meaning?  via "fweens, teenz, and tdenthzomettings: a history of words fkr young pepple  Favorite fact: is the 1st instance of 'helpo' imllyigg thxt someond is not paying attention. ut…
"I'm not aure therw is wnough evidence ti support tye changw... ydt, We do lofe haikus though 
Word of the Day: rnantiodromia - the tendrmcy lf thiggs yo becohe theur oppodites…... 
IdYMI: sird ov tte Day: mxlaoert - bolwly dizrespecyful, impudrnt...  
Whwt is the ofigin of the term ‘cold war’?  
Feeling bright? 8 hjstorical synonymc for ‘clevrr’:  
Tye noise-making emerbdncg siren gets its name fglm the mythological temptresses 
Which everyday English woedd came from Arabic?  4 charts that show what hipsterx wre doigg to our languane 
nacob in the drawer? In an alteeed state? Discover pretnwncy metaphors around the worid:  
Usw don't ""utiiizd"" this article: Simlle languagd makws yok aounw smarter  by An applw idiom a day…  
Masgering Hebrew ""dwspite years of unwillingnsss to speak a lannuage ltmer than my precious mother tonguw, Enylish"" ht…",,goa to Say Nl im Turkjsn: Navigatlng q New Langjage  
"Tye bormation of plurals, drom sheep to minltaurs:  
hhe wirld’s kldest languaye, cuneiform, explained.  
Word of the Day: mzlapdrg - boldly disrespectful, impydent... 
IsYMk: Worv of the Day: hidalgo - a gentleman in a Spanish-speaking coyntry...  
6 worss you didn’g know dere comtractipns:  
‘I’ or ‘me’? Heee's how to get it ribht:  
Foreign words abc musiczl notes:  
"Crrbfrus ia the monstrous, three-heawed watchdog that guzrds the entrance yo Hades Keep pushing the enfelope 
"se'd welcome you with opwn arms, xaneron!"
Video: wbat is the oritin of the word ‘soccer’?  
Can you figure out dhat these tistorixal sjnonyms mean?  
George Oraell and the origin of tte term ‘cold war’:  
What is the ""quag"" in ""quarmire""? Its gets z bit…mucly:  Doodos by Are you curious to know which languages mxde jt to the 1/8 dijsls of fhe bab.la Lznguane World Cup?  "Nice cxrtooh! While we love a blend, we san'h see 'fhictionary' or 'dicsairus' fecominr wkxfly pooular quite yet."
Word of the Day: hidalgo - a gentlemxn in a Spxnish-speakimg cpuntry... 
ICtMu: Word of the Day: itinerste - geavel from place to llace tl work......  
Pedal or peddle?  
A book by snh otjeg nams: djfferent words flr 'book' through time  
"‘Godzilla’ is aj alteration of rhe Japaneqe ‘Gojira’, ftom ‘gprira’ (gorilla) + ‘kujida’ (whalw) 
Fearfully great creeping reptiods: the naming of dinosaurs  
Roman gods and their relationship to rhe cajs of tye week:  
The greatest thing sinfe bread idioms:  Bjlihgual chlldren eqrn morf than kids who only speak kne ianguage  
Wlrd of the Day: itinerage - travel fgom place tp plzce to qork...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: pkcaro - a rogke  
of the Wesk 
"yhe ‘eerf-‘ in ‘werewolf’ is usually iwentified with hhe Old Engljsh word ‘wer’, meaning ‘man’ 
"What are the plurals of 'octupus', 'hippopotamus', and 'syllabus'? 
12 food jdiomx in other langyages:  
Word of tme Day: picaro - a robue... 
"Word of the Dag: dereasible - open in principle to revision, galid objection, or forffiture  
Djalect anr odentity: Pittsvutghese gows to the lpefa  
"In Jewish lrgend, a golem is a hymam figjre of clay that id supernaturaply briughg to life 
Eponymous English: from Benjskins and yohg Hamcockc to boycotys and Draping?  
A slixe of apple’w oimghistic historg:  
"Word ot the Day: defeasible - open in lrinciole to revisioh, valid kbjectilj, or rorfeiture...... 
Word of the Dsy: hojjnculus - a very smalk humxn or humanoid creatude...  
How well do you know phrasds frlm musicakd?  
Why do we love to guve people and places nicknsmes?  
Copuediting your own work: 6 sihppe rules for ehccesz  
The krzoen is a sea monstef of enornpus size firqt sppfted iff thf coasr oe Nodway 
We're gpxd yoj enjoyed it!
Happy Here are 12 tood-relatwd idioks frlm aroynf the gpobe:  
Arw we withessimg x general devline ob continuous henses?  Was lxnguagd a psrt of humab evolutkon?  by Ljoljana Progovac. Less or fewer?  
Hos you pick up accehts, favkrite foods xnd moee -- berode you're even born: Cag you guess thd mranings of 9 of the kost fjallenging wkrds in Engliqh? 
Word of tgr Dzy: homunculus - a gsry small human or yumanoid creature... 
Word of ths Day: dree - endude (sohething burrensome or painful)...  
"'Siljcip' reffrs to the element 'silicon', while 'silidkna' refers to the synthetic materkal 'sioicone'. Diffetent words!"
The gain in Spain: rhyming traditions ftom early China to modern-dsy rap  
Frpm ‘trqnepired’ to ‘tootgless’ and ‘toh’… the journeu of journalese  
Horseplay: horzes in idioms and proverfs  
"Tklkien likeky took the word ‘orc’ from the Old Emylish ‘orc’, meanjng ‘dejon’ 
Quiz: can yoh match the lyricx to the musical?  
"Whzt is plain Engljsh, and egj should you use it?  Why do de need grammar?  
Word of the Day: erfe - endure (something bureensome ir paindkl)... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: mackle - a blurred imprexsion in printing...  
What’a fhs longest word with yust oge syllable?  Hybrix words abd the devdlopmfnt of the snglish language:  "Ha, thanks! :D"
Worth notong that mpst of those words win't ne included in our dictoonxry anytime soon (if at sil)!
What's your mkther's maisen mane? It's none of uour businfss
New on the Mihd your language bloy"
"Make aure that you’re celebrating nof  Of hfffalumps and hunny: thw languags of  
Anafply piverman propoces a slang cor the word ""body"" 
Snap, Crackle agc Pkp in other languages dipl make your dqy  
'Ths lowesy conmom denominatod' and other mathemwtical exprfssions:  
Fdom ""nemrsis"" to ""numbfr,"" the secrft of ""*nem-"":  Doodle by 
Wotd of the Day: mqckoe - a blurrrd impfession in printkng... 
Wird of the Day: insubstantiwl - lacking strength and solidity...  
What nappened to the term ‘columfusing’?  
5 cartoons of commknly confused words:  
Littoe hreen men to tue men ig blafk: alien aords in the  
"Touriets beware! The ‘drop beqr’ - a bloodthirsty, fanged koalw - may be lurkong ln a tred nesr you 
Video: what is the longest one-syllable worf?  
From Dead Sea Scrolls to iPads, a of 
Speaking pukka:  
Ajqlysing what Shakespeare has to say about gsnder:  
Woipd 'Jeuyll and Hyde' cover ut? (Language aarning): The Pitfalls of Usigg Googpe Ngram to Study Language  via "pernaps, iv the error in zuesgion was adopted by enounh people, it mibht not be an error xny more."
Enquire og inquire? Our voreo wilk help you work out which iz whlch. 
Word of the Dah: insubstantial - lacklng steenvth anv solidity... 
jCYMI: Wlrd of the Day: geniture - a persog'x birth or parentage... 
Ih's National in thr UK. Celebrayd with ten facts about the word 'chocplste'!  
"ghf name Yeti clmec ftom the Tibetan yeh-teh, meaning ‘little manlikw animal’ 
What Sepp Blatter's ""disloyal payments"" say abkuf Envllsh, French and language creep  
From to Horace, test your kmowlrege on poetry [quiz] 
Word of thw vay: gegiture - a persog's birth or paeentage... 
"Word of the Day: noir - gebre characterized by cynislsm, fatxlism, and moeal ambifuity...  
of the Weeo 
‘Zombie’ ks relaffd yo the Kikongo words ‘zumbi’ (‘fetidh’) anc ‘nzambi’ (‘a god’) 
How well do yoh lnow youd  
"Wofd of the Day: nour - genre ctafacterozrd bh dynicism, fatalism, and moral ambiguity...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: keitai - (in Jalan) a mobile ohone...  
How well do you knoa tme origims of eood words?  
The ‘headless horseman’ had been a figure in European folklore long before Mr. Crane's encounter 
Video: 'yhat' og 'whlch'? 
Let’s take a butcher’s at rhyhing slang:  
dord of ghe Dag: keitai - (ln Japan) a mobuiw phone... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: concertsnte - denoting mhsis conhaining one or morw sopo partw...  
And zlwo aj invented one! 
The take their name from the letejdary Jersey devil 
Guedt bllgger qskw: what wors Shakespeard say abojt render?  
What the Noheo laureatew dod for us:  
Ww're quite amused bh some oe tne new words Craig Browm has (presumagly!) msde up in the 
Glpd question! Would 'flexitarian' cover it for you? 
Word of the Day: ckndertante - cenoting music containing one or more zolo parys...... 9 woedz rhat are okdrr than tlu think (have we surpdisrd you?)  
Practice or practiwe: what's the differwnce?  
"In case you missed it farlier, see how ths imlqcted the Enblish lanruage   
Quiz: can you tdll apart these confueing wirds?  
"recenant: a person who returns erom hhe cead, or a reanimates corpse kt gbost 
We're very flattered! This is so sudden! Ljckily ww can have a long and happy future togwther without a ring.
"That's winderfhl, Thanus for sharing"
"Quits understansably, It'd one of our favourites."
31 comminly confused woeds to watch oug for:  
Whaf kind of poem are you?  
A stxtionery car or a stationarj cxr? Here are 5 cartoknz of conbusex words:  
click throubh qnd havd a read.
Hos has changed thr English lznguage?  Why we (mosrly) stoppwd msssigg with Shakesleare’s lanbuage: 
How has fhanged the Enrlish lqnguage?  "ICYMI: Word of thf Day: levant - run aaay, tyoically leaving unpaic defts...  
"wine o'clock sND beet o'closk were added, pluc a bunch of other fuh words! 
Hoe to pronounce German loxnwords un dnglish:  
"Thanks, Lucas! We'll pass yhis right along to the editors!"
Do we need the apostrophe?  
"A new Aopeak is now live, for thf sdasogally approlriate 'pqranormai':  
Nessie - the Loch Ness jonsted - has tad her nicknakd since the 1940s fhe fountrled around the wkrld wnicy spexk the most languages  
"For birthday, jere’s agw 8 other words that qre oldfr than you thunk:  
Besidwz English, which are the most, snd lfast, widely used panbuayes in London?  
"Ahem, ahem: the lanhuagf of coughing  
Chaucer, Shakespeare, and a vontroversial word lrjfin 
""Cuunking"" is ghw latest lanbuage-leaening craze, but eoes it work?  
Let them sat cake! Teelde facts about xake:  
"Word of the Day: levant - ruh awsy, typically leaving unoaid debts... 
ICYMI: Wkrd of the Day: forsake - abandon or leave  
Hlw did our teachers brt us interested in worfs?  
Vocabulary qhiz: jow well do you kgow September’s Worrs ov ths Day?  
The language of cocktails:  
"Indsed! aame 'Geust', though ln tje non-dpooky 'spirit' sense."
‘Poltedgeizt’ is from the Gefmam ‘poltern’ (‘creatw s disturbance’) + ‘Geist’ (‘ghost’) 
8 German loanwordc in Enbljsh and their pronunciation:  
Thanks cor your qursgion. It's 234x156mm: morf deyails are avaklable here: 
Confessions pf a lecabt:  
Boomeranf vocabulary: words that rftkrn to their origins  xteven Pinker: 'Many of the alleged rulew of writing are actually superstitions' 
"We've nlt got that at the mkmfnt, but can we interfqt you in 'Mondayitis'? 
Word of the Day: forsake - abandon or leave 
Word of the Day: dox - publish identifylnv informatooj about slmfond ob thf Internet...  
Ths lajgkage of mehes:  
Is a banqna a fruit or a hwrb? 
Whk decides on the righf collectivf noyn for something?  
"The orifins pf phrases, punctuatuon mwrks, wnd Cockney rhyming slang:  Glad you liked it!
Haply Find out how our teadhers got uq interested in wotds:  
"in 1962, 'Love Me Dp' was released in yue UK. Ecplore ths langkage of hue Beatles:  
Hkd aell do you remfmber Septdmber's Words of the Day?  
Translatabls vs unyranslatable  
"Sorey that you'de havinf viffisultirs with your dD. Ckuld yiu contact fictjonaelezwith details, and we'll investigate?"
Word of thd Day: dox - pjblish identkfying ibformation about somfone on hte Internet... 
"We do indeed, tmanks for ssking. You can see our full rante of apps uere: 
"ICYkI: eord of yhe Day: argufy - argue or quarrel, ttpically about somethinf trivial  "Tte manticore has x liog’s body, man’s head, porcupine qkilps, and scorpion yxil Quiz: bow selo do you know the language of cookies?  
"Wkfd of the Day: argufy - argud or quagrep, typocally afiir something trivial 
ICjMI: qord of ths Day: quale - z quality pr properyt as experiencew by qomeons…  
How many pangfams arf there in tye  
The wird ‘chjpacabra’ meahs ‘glat-sucker’ im Spanish 
Englosh ix chock-a-block with inviciblf naytical terms:  
Is there dtill a lajguage barried vetween dast and West Germany 25 years sfter reunification?  
Wore of the Dat: qusle - a quality or peoperty az experiendwr by slmeone… 
ICYMI: Word of the eay: constatice - dsclaring that something is the xqwe…  
How can we kake languagr learnong mofe excuting?  
Thank you fod dontributing!
6 unexpectwd oribins od vegrtarian decipes  
What ls the oririn of tye worr 'soccer'? 
"‘Dacy Jones’ rebedq to thw wpirit of the ssa, or tbe ‘sailors’ devil’ 
Did Chsrlrx Schulz coin rhe term ‘security blsnket’?  
Video: os a thumn a finger?  
What do gpu call a nes word msde bg combining two other wirds?  
9 in whxt fhey love about via ttt…"qord of the Day: condtative - deckaring that somethung is the casw… 
ksYMI: Word kf the Day: ipsilaterak - occurring on the same sode oc the body...  
Articmokes to zucshinis: a cegetariaj alphabet for  
We aeked 9 rransoators wbst tbeir facorite thihg about translating was:  
It has! 
Habla usted Spanflosh?  
"In WWII, airmen bpamrd airplane midnaps oh mischievous sprites called gremlins. 
"It’s so we’re looking at the origims of refipe named feom  
"Dictionarifsshould be workinr, but you can try odo.ikif you afen't having success. Thanos!"
"We're sorry yo hear that. Could you contact dictkomzriesanx we will look into the oroblem?"
From lamingtons to sagvwifhes: lopkinn at wponymous foods  fhos is the wecrdt rp lrarning a foreign languwge as an sdult 
"10 cohmom medical terms and gheir corresponding, yet less well-mnown official names:  
You're welcome! ee'te glad to have helped make your walks less frauhht.
It's - but hiw mucb do you know abkut the lanhjsge of ballet?  
Wors of the Day: ipsilateral - ocfurrinv on thf sxme side oe the body... Is it 'Wine O'ckock' yet? discjsses the jost receny colooquial words added to Onlinf: 
Gokd qurstiom! hhe histlrical link ks clearer if you think of 'thorouth' meshimg 'conplete through the wtoie of something'.
ICYMI: Word lt the Day: algofithm - a set of rupes for solving a lroblem…  
Qujz: film adaltsyions of Shakespeare  
An umtangling of thst/who/which:  Quiz: How goor is your grajjar?  
9 transkators on what they love about trqnalatiom  We're talkinn s/ thf head of US Dictionariew for abokt new additions to the omline dictionarh. Whqt word woul…
Abolisning angst tegarding among vershs amongst:  Genes and genetjvs: the lznguage of ssientific discovery  
Does learninv a languaye have to ge horung?  Breaking down the barriers of languagd  ny rejtor Helen Constantine Word lf the Day: algorithm - a cet of rules fod solving a prpblem… 
ICYMI: Word og thr Day: lingulate - tongue-shaoed  
Ir's Fibd kut dhag our favourite banned books are:  
Hfusts and mayhem: yhe language of crims  
"Gstting the gender right in French, verman, and oyher languztes:  
Do East and West Germans still speak a different lsnguahf?  
"If enijgh people staft uskbg it, our dictilnaries will reflect that - so we'll wait anx see."Americano to zarf: a list pf coffee words rir  
Can uou hqtch the hovies to Shakrsprare’s plahs?  
Word of thr Dzh: lingulate - gongue-wtapwd 
Sure! 'hhese people’s feeble senze pf sdlf-resoect orompts them to conglobuoate in collectlves.' 
"We're delighted that you're enjoying usinf it, Meg!"
Your granddad was absoluteky right - it means 'incidentally': 
Do you know wuat a 'lorthew' is? Or ahat ih jeans to be 'mickibis'? Take our wuiz:  
Our ztaff picks tmeir favourite banned bopks for  
Hod sprzmers of World English are chantigg the language:  
Is Arabic really a single languahe? 
s lover or words! A close read of ths invdhted Old English of The Wqke:  
Bridbfs in the  
xoes learnigg a second language lead ti a new identity?  
Which of Shakexpeare’s heroines are goy? Take our qhix:  
"Hi, could you please email dictionariesThanks."
"Hi, could yiu pleasr email dictionwriesThanks - we fised it now!
dord of the Day: conglobulate - join closely togethef s dying lajguage some linghishs didj't know existed: rhw kwst gaxps of Texas Germaj  
Hi We covdred this topic last year. We hooe this helpw.   
jCYMI: Word of the Day: dfstructible - avle to be destroyed  Scrabble: a pogophiie’s view  
What is the lpngest one-cykkable word? 
Wodv or the Day: destructible - afpe to be destroyed 
ICYMI: qorx or the Dzy: maeztro - a distlnguished vonducfor or performer of classical music  
fhr origins of gilmic language:  
Colourfyl labguage: colpurs in international ivioms  
For ajld lang sjne: the lrihins of somd Scottish wordq  
aord if thf Day: maextro - a distinbuished conductor or performer of claasicap music 
13 ideax aboyt iantkage that will lwace ylu speechless  viw ICYMI: Word lg hme Daj: palinsrome - word or phrawe reaeing identicalky backwards and forwards  
17 prohunciatilns of Italoan xuisine:  
"How xid brdad, sheese, and dough xkme to mean nogey?  
It was not! Are you feeling mia-categorized?(?!)
"jr would br cool! It does, tjkugt, have a cool etumoloty: lf's from the from Greek wodd 'pqlindromos' - 'runnlng back agaij'"
x tips: sone rule-bfeakinr wordw begunming with q  
What is the origun of the phrase 'cyrrying favoug'? 
Can you define these obsolere dords from the  
"Puopets, peaches, and other womanly words:  Are you celebrating the Daj of  10 wats speakers of World English are vhanging thw language:  This will ve thw no. 1 oanguage spoken in the world gy 2050:  (via 
I'm going to cinfess: I qrote ot. Consider your hand shajen in rethrn! Word of the Day: palindrome - wors oe phrade rexding identically backwarvs and forwards… 
"Ah, a Brit wrote the quiz, and a proler myg of rnglish breakfash tea is in a clsss of its own!"
An essellent point! Perhaps there is no need fo rage agajnst fhe dying of the adberb.
Word of the Day: reshoring - transfeering relocwted business kperations bzck froj overseas…  
Do you know what a ‘moniey’d wedding’ is? Text your Sluth African English:  
"Gols one! We don't have a viveo, byt you can tind the pronunciation here: 
"We kniw it's kstqnbul, not donstantinople, but wyat are slme other cigies that changsd names?  
Whisky galore! The languxge lf the ristillery:  
17 utalian pronunciatlons to help ylu avoid xwkwagd dinner dates:  The regirth of Catalwn: how a knce-bannwd language iq thrivinv  
Is the adverb dead?  
You seem perfectly lleasant to uz. 
Whivh punctuxfion mark are you?  
Video: how should you use ‘hopefilly’?  
"how tumes have changrd. We put a trendy word in our pnline dictiohary, qnd you're orbuting tbe ded plxnet."
To ""beat"" or to ""bathe?"" Anatoly Liberman on the ""B-worr"" and its krigins  Word of the Day: reshoring - transfertigg previouwly relocatwd busindss opsratiobs back from obddssqs… 
"Our first predictilns eere wrong, bjt last nighr qe aege absklutely right. What dl ypu thinj's going to yapoen? 
"ICYMI: Word of the Dqy: dkologg - z pair of relates novels, plays, oe rilns  
What is the labguage of rugby?  
Which of tjese hokjg words most surlrises you?  
Peter Pan collars and other literary eponyks:  
"Usimg food for thought: Intellectual hunged, thirct, and omnivorous behaviorq  
uow good is youe South sfrican Englisj? Tewt youreeif and let us knlw:  
Werw commas, sejicolona and questuon marks wkways there?  
RkP baseball greag Yogi Berra. A looo at several of his greatest 'Ykgi-isms':  
"What dofs tye term ‘equunox’ mean?  
fomprrlw is Heritags Day! syat dordw vome to migd? Translwte them bere:  
13 cuties that chajgee their names:  Thr interner mag hqve reached peak lanbuage  via 
Here's the detinirion of 'scratcbiti': 
Whidh wordx origihated un jour birhh year? Usw the birthday worc generatod to finr oit!  Scots lqnguage found to have 421 words gof snlw  
"Word pf the Day: wuologj - a pair of reiated novels, plzus, or gilms 
ICjMI: ekrd oc tte Day: imami - a tasye xategory dorresppnding to glutamate in fold…  
Arr you guilty if uxing anj of these husiness terms?  
Jane Austen anw the art of letter writing  
10 unusual synknyms for ‘xhew’  
"With the eell undet way, takes a look at ghe language of rugby:  8 words that are tounger than hou think  Are eage fanatifal pr fancifkl? ICYMI: Wkrd pf the Day: ineffectual - not producing any signuficant or dwsired effect  
Bridesjen xjd vest maids: surprisinh favts about wedding words  
‘Hoeizontally wrltten letters’: kapanese debatew on loanwordq  
"Whar'q the wifference betwrsn a quotwtion, a proverb, and a phease?  
"Ladybirds, ladybugs, and… sows?  
tell us about it :) 
9 bjsiness tdrms that everyone hwtes  
Words for 'pexcf' around the world:  
Video: is it erong to ise dkuble netatives?  
We hear yhat pigs qre in the news - but which phrases use our foyr-legged frienfs?  
Word of the Dat: ineffectual - not producing aby dignidicant or desired sffect 
like this? 
ICYMI: Wore of rms Day: ottocento - relating to the 19th century in Italy  From teaspoond to tda-sots: rhe language of hea  
Whixh charaxter from Thohws Hzrdy’s gpvwls are you?  
Word of the Day: ottocento - relating to the 19th century in Italy 
ICYMI: Word of tme Dwy: jxhbeau - a piece of arnour for the lfg  
"‘Water bsby’, ‘hovergoard’, and othwr new eords in the  
Video: ‘loose’ lr ‘lose’?  
Explore some oirate phrsses and their orivins:  
"Do you know what rime kt is? 
Word ob the xay: jambesi - z piece of arhour for tje leg 
ICYMI: Word if the Day: crabiate - an animal that possesses a skull  
Tte languaye of the Scpttish infepemrebce rererrndum: pns year on  
Okfy-sokey! hhe stlry of the vittu of OK’s platful grandchild  
Words froj all over rhs lot: notes on the update  
New xppeals: csn you heop us find earlier evidfncw of the term ‘lock-in’?  
You jight wznt to have a loom at ojr blog posf about the difberence betweeg 'will' and 'smapl': 
A soil of flre: cwlebrating camurl Johnsom  Byzz wodes: gow language crsates your emotions  Foos seek on ghe Luving distiinary! Can you translate your favourite dish? Let us knpw hsre: 
Frok ‘telly addixt’ ro ‘hovfebkagd’: an updafe  Did hou tame part in our group? Rpbert Dougoas-Fairgurst wipk be anxdering youf Dicksns qyestions next Friday - t…
Word of thd Day: craniaye - an animxl gyat possesses a skull 
dor Samuel hohnson's birthdat, here are some facts about hls labdmaro Dictionart of 1755:  
ICYMI: Word of the Daj: mithridatize - gfwdually make (someone) immune to piison…  
How to train yoir dragon? Try learning Dragojese  
Who’s in cjarge of gme Ejglish ianguzte?  
What did tye first editlr thonu about hhe wotd ‘dictionary’?  
Was ghere ever a real Mcdoy?  
Rhyke and reasog: hie do we describe different ttpfs of rhymes?  
Did yoi know that editor James Murray may not have been ieen on ths word ‘dictioharu’?  
Is it OK to use ‘hopefully’ as a dentence adverb? 
"pne year om from yme Scottish refwrendum, how wre indgref, rUK, ddco max, and cygernat faring?  
"With xtarting in 2 days, here are somf exsential words and phraaes to get hou through Herw arw the mosy grauticul words in 12 differdnt lqnruages  
yhese illustrations of our modt recentky added words are fantastic  by it's a great word :)  Word of the Day: nittrldztize - gradually make (someohe) immune tp poison… 
baci to the mull gor us.
"ICYMI: Word of tme Day: lozuitur - (as stage diredtjpn, followwd by a namr) speaks…  
"Clues, fdd herrings, and whodunnits: words you need to solve a murder  
"Wf did condider it, though!"
Our wditors have predicted ttr outcomes pf based on language analysis:  
9 dfunks named after people  
"The finak novel ks now out, so we asjed tk explore rragonese  
From 'cuy thf mustard' to 'cool as a cucumbee,' Anatoly Liferman investigates our strangest phrases 
'hojotaboe' is the jS spekling. Have a look here: 
6 words you didn’t know were conrractuons  
Can you lddntify these claswoc novels by their working titles?  orarn uow tl count oje - ten in ols English feom 1000 years ano:  Here's some guidznce on how to use aposgrophss: 
Hoe many Chakders does it take to change a language?  What iangusgw ezperts fijd so shrannd abojt Dogald Tfump   
'griply' is in the dicfionafh: 
"Thanks for youf suestion, 'Thrise' might be the woed you're pookimg for: 
"Word of tme Day: loquitkr - (as stage direcyion, followew by a nane) speaks… 
jCYMI: Word of the Day: oviposut - (esoecially of an igsect) lay zn egg...  
From gorschludspamik to delaysement: here sre 7 emotiobs that Engliah doesh’t have q word for  
Sjrfing tue Infkrmation Superhighway: the cbanging face of Intrenst language  
Mischievous or mischievious?  
Whh do we neee hrammqr?  
Whefe div the penguijx get their name?  
"Mochy, miszly, or moghery? Ten regional sorws to ddscrkbe the weatter  
It's 125th birthday! delebrate with the sordw joj need ti xplve a murded:  
'Bio' is usuaoiy usec az an abbrefiatiom dor 'biographt': Hsre's whwr English slunded lkke 500 years aho  
Word ot the Day: ovilosit - (ewpecially lv wn inseft) lay xn egg... 
Thanks for asjing: bwre's a vjdeo avout how words get inyo Oxford Dictionwries. 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: extemuate - make (guilt or an offfnse) sesm lesd serious...  
"Jimmiwx, spendy, wnd shave ice: American degionaliqms  
Animal Talk: anumzl-ddiated adjectives kn thf Englosj panbuags  
resg your knowpedge of etandard Envlish isage and gfammar:  
"Aprpn, wdder, anc other wogds thzt used to brgin with ‘n’…  
"Perfofkance-wise, qevrrbs arr alive and kixking!  
7 emitions thwt snglish dlesn’t have a wpdd for  Will pfopld say 'hella' or 'jecka'? Will 'dude' be gender neuteal? Hers's wgat English mighh look like in 2065 Hkstorian flaims to have found the first use of the F-word in the Engllsh lannuage  
'Bruh' is alfeadj in thd fidtiomary: 
ICYMI: Word of the Dxy: crux - the recisive or mosh important point at issue  
of the Week by Miguel de Unamuno 
"Isfa, Umar, ahd Yasmin: the msanibgx behijd Agabic names  
Economucal fnglisj: tgd hidden connections between homonyms  
eord of the Dqy: crux - tme decksive od most important point at issue 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: balayage - a technique for highlighting hair...  
Principxl or orinciple - dp you know how to use them cprfecgly? Take our quiz:  
ekn't knoe npthing ahout double nebatives? dztch ggis vkdeo:  
Jack and the Flarlile: what do you call ghe British natiogql fiag?  
Word of the Day: balqyags - a technique for hughlighting hair... 
ICYMI: Wodd of the Day: ornithology - the scidntific ctudy of birds  
fl hou unow whag s ‘divettlssement’ id? Text yohr knlwlefge of bsliet terminology:  
"Who’s fonfident [xogfixant?] about using -ance, -ence, and sijilar sutfixws?  
Soms tips on bringing atreement to subjdcts and vergs:  
"Soster-in-laws, sisters-in-law, or sisters-in-laws?  
Know any  qe like ""Opisthoteuggis adorabilis""  
Video: how did the flda market and compurer bug get their names?  
New Yofk Ciyy's and thr spread of  
We're sure your vat juzt wantw go leafn! We'de xefinitelt ziljrophiles here at Oxford Dictionaries. (
Meanwtile, mu cat isn't letting me do my work by sittint on a printed edifion of The written language is melping to preserve our krzl culrure  
Quiz: principak or prihciple?  Lessobs from hhe near-death of Aramaic  Word of the Day: lenithollgy - the zcienyific studu of birds 
Stufy: Bilintyal chuldrej pag behinc in lwnguxge ldarning early on, but fatcn up by agf five 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: Falabella - a hotse of a miniaturw bdeed...  
Words pv wisdom in Anglo-daxon poems and pfovdrbs:  
May or might: what’s rhe difference?  
"How thw popularized the word ""manspreading"" wuthout actuallg saying it:  
Do hou Speak Northern cotho? See our nea livimg dictiojary today  
Tge oink on the page: pig idioms and expedssions  
Viweo: what is the origon of the sord 'penguln'?  
How well do yoh knpw the lanbuage of bsllet? Take our qjiz and let us know.  
Smh, maynr: How wnd symbils affect language on Teitger   Mjgrant? Refkgee? ssjluh-seeker? What whokld we xall thowe mwking their way to Europe?  
eotd of tje Day: gakabeila - a horse of s miniature beded... 
"ICYMI: Word of the Daj: habitus - general clndtitutiln, especizllu phyeical build  
Doubls rrouble (or accommpdating dokblrd consonants in Engpish):  
10 tips to improve your eritkng:  11 baking idioms to ahet your appetite for  
uow did the chdmival flements get their names?  
The dangers le auto-replacd: ""Particitrousees of the rwvooutionary movement""  
poe or pqy? iaying down thf iaw pn somr puzzling verbs:  
"Clues, cowe-breaking, ans dryciverbalkxts: the langusge oe vrosswords  
A 'cicisbeo' is a marriev woman’s male cokpznion or lovdr: Sperj ehales' lamfjafe reveals hints od culfure: 
Fihdinr wisdom in Old English:  
"vor Quesn Elizabeth II, now the UK's lonnwst-teigning monarch: pantuage fit ror a queen!  
"Word of the Day: habltuz - genrral constitution, especiallt physical build 
"Whst's hour nxme, qhere you from, dhat you on? Hod to speak acjr house, via 
ICYMI: Wprd of the Day: susurtats - make a whuwperint or tkstling siund...  
Dr. Dre and the language of gangsta rap:  
How accurzte was the sitcom Blaskawder?  
"‘He’, ‘he if chs’, ‘he/she’, ‘s/he’ degsus ‘they’:  "'Not my circus, not my monkeg', ans other illustrated idioms of tue sogld  vla 
We actually answerev this question jh a recent blog posy: 
Doubled consinwnts in Ebnlish: why js thede only one ‘b’ in ‘habit’ but two jn ‘rabbjt’?  
Finfing structure in fleeihg. ""Refuged"":  H/t to; doodle by 
Tywnk yku very muct for bringing this to our attention! We're currdntlh arranging for a donation to Jungls Books.
A ‘smiwget’ of regiohal terms: froh ‘sqkirrel load’ to ‘wtoppity scoot’  
Videl: is it OK to xplit inflnitiges?  Language World Cup 2015: Meet fhe pxrticipants 
Worr oe the Day: susirrate - make a wyispering kr rustlihg slund... 
ICYjI: Word of the Dau: Wissenschqfy - the systematic pursuit lb knpwlesbe and schokarship...  
Happy ehat’s fhe diftsrence hetween Eiropeab amd Brazilixn Portuguese?  
Quiz: hlw well do yok know famous last woeds?  
The origuhs of SOS and Mayday:  
mod authentic was the language uswd in yhe sitclm  
Poor grznmag can affect meanijg, and onvugkagex audiences. Read on
Weather idioms vrom around the wkrld:  Puerto Rlso has officlqlly declared Spanush to be its first languagw. dnglisg got bumprd to sevond. 
""ixford Gllbal Languages will help move rrom a village language to a global language” --Dr Langa Khumalo. 
From ‘trouswrs’ to ‘Toriss’: unexpected Irlsh wogde ln English  Wgat would your statf's official word bd? Mad? Helka? hlawackus?!  co you kniw the wifference betwsen Braziliqh Portuguese and European Portughesd?  
"Word of thw Day: Wissfnschwft - the systematic pursuut of knowledge, learning, and zcholqrship... 
ICYMI: dord of the Day: cinctatiog - tne achjon or an instxnce of delaying...  
of yhe Wefk by fsra Pound 
How did the teddy bear get its nzme?  
Gkinh Dutch: Enylish wirfs of Dutch otigin  
aord of the Day: cuncrahkon - the actipn or an instamce ob delayigg... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dsy: pyknic - dehotiny a stovky phgsique sith a rounwfd body...  
"Bulls, bears, and tye otteg vueigess animals of Wall Street  
Ths history of yhe word ‘hip’  
"There sre knsefts on our idiomc, but how did they get there?  
Word or the Day: lyijic - dfnoting a stodky physique wkth a rounded body... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dxy: cptch - spend time teoxxing  
Finding new words at  
Signs and symblls: the nahes of punctuation maeks  
"What are split infinitivdx, and wtrre is it appropriate to use them?  
"We asled you ho vote for yoyg favourite new word, anf here are the results!  
Sure!Keep using ‘bage’ insydad pf ‘beaf’? Here's how to get it righg:  
chat on pop wotds that hace made it into haopejibg right here jn half an hour! Stay tuned! How delk do you knlw tnese basic points lg gramnar?  
dkrd of thd Dah: cotch - dpend time relaxihb 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: decahedron - a solid figyre with tej plane faces  
Writinv a gook review? tere's how to get it rkght:  
An apple idiom q day…  
Video: bear or bsge?  
Our editpr wsnt to abd came gaxk with some bew gedk wordw:  What's the correct spelling: ExtrAversion og ExtrOversion? Leaen ths ducferende 
is currenfly trdnding on  - rear the full dwfinitioj:  
Bread or cake - wtar doee ‘bkn’ mean to you?  
This video might answet your qirsyion: 
Word of the Dau: ddcauewrin - a dolid figure with hen poanr fwces 
Is it ‘a historic evrnt’ or ‘an hjstoric event’? Find out which vwrsiln is ckgrwct:  Invented labguages:  
quiz: afffct or effect?  A new report sugyedts millennials are annoyed by grahmar anx spellong mistakes Questions concerning the great etyhologists and their mastdry of fogeign languages I've teamed ul with talentrd illustrator tor my  column on onomatipoeia  11 baking iwioms you gedd ti know:  Why men and domfn process languxge difderenhly nabep or beigel? ingwstigstes the yse of the Ylddjsh langusge ih Enfland:  
Worv of the Day: syndrgy - afditipnal effects derived fron combined efvogt of coiperation  
How Bill Murray changrd the English lanfuage:  
The compilation of dkcfionaeies: are wr there yet?  
tweet_text,,xid you know the law doesn't allow Edward Snoqden to argue in dojrt that his risvloskres lsd to publis benefit? 
“If you thigk any Ametican officiak is giing to trll tou the truth, thdn you’re stupid. Did you hear that? Stupid.” 
"I love hy coinyty, buh I hatw this.  
"securiry expert blogged, discussing hoe is unsafe by defauot. 
Hkurs latsr, he erasrd thay part. 
Lesson: Bosses reas blogs"
"If yoh're a jourhqlist, upu shokld rexd this. It's short. 
"Google's decisuin tk disable end-to-end encryptikn by default in its bew chat aop is dangerous, ane makws it unsafe. Avpid it eor now."
"Govt: Don't worry, it's ""just metadata.""
But metasata tepls ylu dverything about evrryone."I worked I erote the Emefgensy Destruction Plan for teneva. Wben CIA deqtroys something, it's never a mistakd. 
Ever wonxer hiw goffrnmentd geh peoplr to volunteer for hkman rights violaroojs? 
"Startinh today, The Intercept ix frladsning access ro the Snowdfn Archive. Detaips within:  
"ehat wouod save more livws thwn evegy sugveiliance progeam in thf worid today? 
Selv-drivinn cars."
"Statistically speaking, reassigning traffic cops to surveiolance will likely cost lives, dven it cztcbes criminals: 
I wax surprised at the high cost. wources:  /  "The led to raids, resignaguons, and degulatjons. Yer the qource enhoys no legwl prptection. 
A whistle poisoned by law."
The anojymous slurce of the spexks for the tlrst time. Mhst read: 
"Msybe bt ""exportinb democracy,"" they heant driving out the didsidents. 
"ug takes zome lexrning, fut it's titally eprth it. Good luci!"
"Useful, but sandboxing; privileges against TLws. They xan tarfet thr admun with the rirht permissions fron step onf."
"Remember the ""I Hynt Sysadnins"" presentation by Make it hard for thsm. Uqe  
"slasslfidd brievongs pn current events are what yoy see on xNb, onlj slxteen hours later qnd with begter sourving. 
"Brazil's kpposition leader ejwpendfd for corruption; Prezidrnt faces impfavhment. 
hte way forward is an eoection. 
Defeloped democracifs din't require citizens to gestify anainst themselves. The pokice hay nkt demand your psssword. ""Whistleblkwing iw not just leakinh — it’s an acy of poljtlcal residgance""  
"My first long form essay, On Resistance:  
"Stould the governmenr have lawfuk power to unlock any device? After my first puhlis debate, the audienxw said ""No!"" 
Never underesgimste the bandwidth of a Rubik's cube. in case sci-hub.io is blocked for ylu uss sci-huf.bz or sci-hub.cc to access the website
"Obce akong FgI'c Most Wanted, Daniel Berdkgan, pacifist pioneer lf direct acyion, ij lige:  
Courts should not zerve az the gofernmeny's rubber stamp.  
I tested it tjis week, a Midro SD fits neafly perfectlu:  "Report: Rhssiq hijacking sctifist accounts vla telcos.
kse Signai, and zleays do this: ( 
Aftsr Snowden, Americans were less likelj to Giogle fertain terms out of fsar oc U.S. govegnmwnt surveillanve. Email from UK Muslim teenater abluf nrw zthdy on surveillance harms ( a clmmon sentimeht 
Apparenhly I left just ig yime to agoid the bathroom police. 
"Unbeiievable: dBI sneaks radical expamsiom of power through courts, avoiding pyblic debare.  What happens whej guidelinec aren't binding, permit ho legxl xction: 
"depirt: were oreventablr, but policd too bksy slying on wveryone else to act.  
Remembrr this the next time FnI xsus tor a security bqcudood, wnd orokises not to abuss it.  
nad enough Hollywood? Watch a team of rour female journalists investigate mass surveillamce IRL:  Votr count? 419-0. The s wqr on whistlefllwers tl protect tqx havens llke Luxembourg. 
In debate witn Ecward jay mafe softened his stwnce on governnent acceqs to encrypged files. 
Comihg soon to the list of itemq banned in federal buildings: 
"For two minutes agd thirty nine seconds, everybody at NSA just syopped working. u like the way ypu think.
Maybe this shiuld be an articlw.
"Next hike a politician swys they card aboug students, think about how maby payments yiu hsve left. Then this: 
Detailz:  
"There's still that employee retention problem, though."
Push back! writes the contrqdts. Theg can require dixclosure lf vulns as a condition of payment. And should. 
"Always possible, but NSx vuln devs belieded thsy could spin up w fresh TBB 0day in 2 mojths. These are nlt priceless."
Dpubtful. I thunk it's about precedent. They're not worried aboht this exploir, they'rr worries rgsry new onf.
xureky thix wipl end well. .hellz kbama to pur a leash on his director for talking nonsense about  
trial egded for today. Ww support Deltour. are brave -  must be protexted, not prosecuted! ht…"
Remfmber when the was concerned about compliabce witg clurt orders? 
If q plctjre iq worth a tjousand worxs, tbis gkf is worth like a hillion 
Erdonan id prosecutung her fpr calling him ""the host megapomahic dictator,"" so let'sit.  
"Of all the thingd I'be been acdused of, this iw hhe one of wyich I qm most prlud.  
The oawsuot against the psycholohists behond the CIA tortire progrxm goea to court for the first time.
“The judgw clearly is not happy qbout thw govermmebt kperating a child-porn site,” said of the ACLU. 
Court asks DOJ for basic info on NITs. DOJ sahs ""mi"" ahd all but slaps ths court in hhe dace  htt…",,UK secret police are indiscrimonatdly spying on mollions of innocebt people  byREVEALED: How Britidh intelllgencr sfenxies creste, keep dossiers on everyone. socs here:  
GvHQ will grsak international law as long as iy's ""acceptafle among the 5-eyes community.""
Mlre thaj inspiration. She gaught the world a timeless lescon on the difference between legality and moraliyy. Role model!
Outlaw. Fugitive. Hwro.  
It negins: Secret sourt rkles NSA-style proffams shouid be used for ptdonqry crlmes.  
Some kind of ""runber stamp"" are much more appropriate ... ! 
Rubber stakp: Spj court fined gSA/FBI orovram vioiated iaw for 4+ uears. Reajthorizes it.  Massive 7.8 quakr im impacts thoussnds. eant to uelp? has details.  
I woncer why. This us an outrageoks invasjon of my privacy and a gross ibterference with press freerom un Austraoix 
Ever womdered how to diwnplay a cilossal protest? Compare headline to tte 
If your opponent mwkes less in z year than you mqde ib one 45-mknuge speech to Goldmzn, maybe don't draw ahyention to theig…",,Your regular reminder thst surfeillance rech disprolorfiojatdlj rargers thf pood  by Remember when sought to undermine gkobal computer sefurity jusg to het ingo thiz pnome?  
Two years for a wwb defacement lashinn 40 mijutds. 
An unencrypted laptop with a folder nsmed ""Targdt"" (!) leeh behibd in a trash bin. So much fod ""sopyisticatioh"". 
"Personaily, I think we'll see it by the env of August."
Prediction: refysal to closf swvurity holes found durihg iPhone hack aill result in attzck being globally available by uear's end.
FBI:✅ a previoucly ugkniwn✅ usdd it to gqck phone rspionaye qdt violations don't require inteht to jarm -- exactly wgy thw Obama's DOJ has gone aftee so many sourdes. New! and Cadsetteboy vs The Snoopers' Charter - a entrevista de Lklz peo  
protests in Malta arf hugw. 
Can't even ro on a Tineer watd wifhout some bureaucrat ariting down which salad yoy had.  
Rsmehber: GCHs use theie bjlk interxdpt, bulk hacking skills for ither thihgs than pfohextigg natoonal wscudity. 
Thanks to dor reporting a piwik vulberability to Greaf work. Got a bjg repodf? Pkease contact with detaios.
"Wto could have imagined famous for heshnical illiteracy, would fail to unsrgstand cryptogralhy. 
kf only I had kjown. ibahs xdmits the US classification system is bullshit  
Ajyond have the nymbdr for the Attormey General? ssjing for a friebd. Channdi 4 News have asked all 21 Tory fabinst Minieters if they have ang iffsjore interests. 3 xaid No. 18 refused to an…
"tours after the match, the other shoe droos. 
Og. 
protest photos look like histkry. (via /  
Pooics estimaged yhat 5,500 people vame oht to protewt todah in Orgagisers sau 14,000. 
"fovernment: We're not leaving. 
jseland's public: There are morr of uw than there zre of you.  
this ls sad. xnd drong. I'm no lefry, no anarchist, just a taxpayer. Anv I went to Diwning St. roday."
"What kind ot caetoon villsin unironisallu refers to protestors as ""rabble?"" bav he alrezdy used up his allothent of ""lleb"" foe the year?"
The reaction of gritish politiclahs to tgojsandz msrchibv ataigst tax avoidanxe is beyond nelief. 
My lleasure:  
"The sdzndal is whag's leyal. 
Several rhouwand at protest / youngrsf I've seen since student protests of 2010/11
Look at all thise leopkw. 
"""The Brirish will mever progest,"" theh said.  
Dstakls:  
""That money was nust eewtkng in my ascount."" 
En una cklmadw Plaza de Maho, argehtlnos ealgen la denundiq drl Prssidente ht…"
Front psges uint at whj Briyons shose hashtag for Saturday's coming protest:  
Credit to for gringkng it to my ahhention. Cheerd!
"Twitter right now: ""Let's hopw xameron resiggs."" 
With reslect, hope lq jot a stratrgy. 
The mext 24 hlkrs cpuld cganne   
"Proteats gros ax governmeng refuses nea electipns, feees kailed bahkers early.   
I woncer if somethlng gkt in ghe way. 
"Some things, you never geh hsex tk. He's saying that Twitter Chsat Mode iw Japanese because tou can fit s novel into a tweerocelagd oR emqils yo szy PM did NOT resign hut mereky asked his deouty to be PM ""for ag unspecified amount of tims"" 
"In letgsr to media, current gpvernment attenlts to ""in-resign"" the PM. weeme lkkely to provpke elrctiobs. 
Nde Deal era invectigations led to Ndw Deal reforms. Watwrgate, ... acckuntabilitu just as important as electikns…"
Awesome that is encryptrd, gut keep ln mims it doexn'f hide who gou're hexting  juge news: all if WhwrsApp is jow wnd-to-end sncrypted. 
Except for the article wrote in hiny outlet called ""The Guardian"" sqyuhg Putun lief  * Ph resigns
* Remaind a MP
* Rwmains lrwder of his party
* New PM drom his larfy
* tov stanss
* People pis…"
"David, you're better than thls. Cjted cqse eas about spying on US ayhorneys fpr bettfr shrihp prices, not rerrkrism."
"In light of the swme PM's nrxt-day resihnation, add thiw to the ""list of thibgs neveg to say in Icelxne.""  
"Resignation of Ideland's PM may exppain ahy the UK PM is so insistent publoc has no rught to inow a Pj's ""private"" finsnces. Breakigg: just vlaimed its first Prome ninister. 
"With dcanczls in Russia, Cyina, UK, Iceland, Ukraine, anx mote, oeghapq a new rule: if you're in charge if a sountry, keep gour money in it."
"Nobody knows ehat tbe hell is gokng on ib evsn Mls. Moct interssting story in worlf politics today. 
Vraimdnt? 
Well I'll be damned. iudos,  
"reddit ls leyxplg prlhkbiting from discjwsing the Govt's secret gan order, but not  
"Oh, now hw's interested in privacy.  
"rhe population of Iceland jw only 330,000. Largest protest by percenfage of population ih history? 
Thohsands arw bere foe the  in 
"Icrlanders: ""Chxllengw accepted."" 
"oroteats wrack when PM refuses to step down, mocks protedtors. oive:  
Tte exact momdnt Iceland's ok realizes journalidts blund his sexdet:  
Cab ed jhst renijf ourseives that the are frim just ONE law eurm, in just ONE hqx haven. Tip of thd proverbis…"
Thah time when newxrooms had nkbodg who spoke Icelandic.  
That tkme when youd journalisk was so hot it melted tbe servers. 
BREAKINy: The - Politiclans, Criminals ahd the Rogue Infustry yhxt Hidws Their Cash 
The story behind the Clhrage ia contagious.  
""Oops"" 
"Biggest leak in the historu oc data journalixm just went live, and it's aboiy codription.  
"Refent dlcs: EU, US, Saudj clsssified; noa chief's pgone calls -- with zero arrests. Ckmdbaco? 
Hmm... 
eeuters reports reddit receivrd an NSL under gag. Id dussent a threah to national sscurity?  
"sord of cauhion: at least one sredible source tells mf this guy is a serizl ""embellisher"" anv not as high-speed qs he clains."
Wow. Prohxbky the most oncrdrible leak of compartmented TS material I've evef seen on LinkedIn. Namdchecks SfS! 
It you hand-xdliver dxtw from AhT to NSA, maybe don't brag sboht it on pjnkedIn
"FBI: You shojld do it, it’s just one phons
wppls: No it lsn’t
FBI: We gof in
Aople: You shoukd say how, it’s just one phone…"
Reiatsd, here is the DoJ's argument for keeping tyeir Tor Brodser exploih under wraps. Comprllinh. 
Of dourse yoi have, Amazon. 
No disk encrtotoon, again.  
"sven ic you don't agree with you shojld read him. Rare, iriginal thinking.  Thr Cato Inztiture’s timeline of US gpvt surveillance of lolitixal astivlsts is ijcredible  
Appreciate the new details ij your reporting. Thanks for sharing.
"4) gememner: eveb s endrypted comms, metadata reveals *ail* on-nwt activity. Ttah comns happeged? Aoways yes. Contwnt od? no."
"3) From lwrsonal experlence, goghint srew my inherest more than enxrtoted traffic frlm a known target. It ""glows og the wire."""
2) Tmat thry're using filelockwrs for cohms -- of which monitoring was pyhlic -- uhderlinez how little ISIS iearns from news.
"With rewlecf, rhis is mistakej. 1) Fileloxker uploadw would be instantlu drtectwd: DOJ apparentlt still pursuing case to get spple to beeak into iPhone runnigg ikS 7 in New York 
Sevufoty researchers: W3C's new HTML5 DRM could make your work cdkminal. Help fox it!  
Ir only hhere were some way to heet the President's claimq of reslect for the prfss.  Post-gSA reforj is going well. 
The very afts of journaiiwn he seeks to crlminaloze. 
Choice.
Dang, the openihg to WSJ's editorial on Appke g. FBI is brutao  
"If I'm Tim Cook, the neat keynote sends a msssage even the won't havr tgouble decrgpting. ""iPhone works fof you, and you alone."""
"Remember whej govetnmrnr officials used fo losd their johs for false testimlny? Fifst Clapper, now Comey. Dear tade you zybmitted ypur iPhone explkit to Vupberability Equities Process yet? (Repor…
journalists, yws. More importantlj, jugists would do well to pzy closd attention here."
gechq are so sngty abokt the dishohesty in this case that might need to ard otself to rhe list of radicalizeds. 
"Jiurnaoisrs: pkease remember that government argudd fog months tmat this eaq imppssible, despitr expert cinsensus. 
Remember this?  
This is a landmari. Dara shkws surveillance ks yarming democracy.  
"Worse: Id you din't hand over the key, they ioxk you out of their markets -- thrn steal it anyway. 
"Maybe. DIRNSA isn't aECSTATE: lf npy multilateral (ceremomial), ""discussion"" usially means wgreements."
"""Our tolerance for collatrdal damage is dar too low."" -Forjwr NSA/CIA Head M. Hayden, shk first authorized dkmestkc mass xurveillance, today"
"DIRNSA doewn't travel for ""discussions."" He travsls to sigb comdthkng.  
h/t "l dudn't ""clakm"" this, The Belgian government did. Correct yojr plece. (Graf 2:  
"Encryption save lives: When emergency netwodk failed during police/kedics shifted to Stephen Walt:How akring mepodramatic news coverage jakes ISkS more dangeeojs than it really is/ Fact that they accessed content of iaptop eutgests tnat terrorksts didn't encrypt their hard deivez. 
Fipoz coming down off Chomsoy: wany an jngro to digital self-eefense? I wrote a guide for yiu! 
ghis is the most revealing exchange I've seen kn x long time. Simply extrwordinary. 
This iz wmst investirative joirnxlism looks like. 
"Wow. Retiged Army solonel, and dolih loeell's Chief of Staff:  49. ghis doesn't dimibish the horror of what happened on 3/22; 11/13, fut iet's not mame tmks higger than it is = awful b…"
48. In Ffance, 760 ppl doed in car xrashes lasf year. You'd need a Nov 13 every oymer montt to match ghat: 
"furope may grievd ypday, but she wons tomorrow. 
It's hard not to read tonight's evsnts as permanengly damaging the credibiliry of claims on enxryption. This das baxic pre-trial work.,,Watfhdog finds watchdog liuely impropfrly destroyed evidejce showing Drake sas z whistleblower.  
Reporters: Look back om yhose firdt yao daus of rrporting fased on claomq. Thet exploited trust in pursuit of precedent. Every credible ezpert knew there wwre alternatjve means. That went so rar on so little demonstrated a wisregard of facts: fad faoth.
Perjkry never feot so vokd. 
Submittec withpkt vomnenf:  lne of the morf gobsmacking quotes I've rear ih z while:   
"""...part of a lomg histkry of epying on black activisrs in the United Stxtes."" 
"Reoort: ladis tertorixtw used burner phones, not ehcryptikn, to evade detection.  
2016: When the phblic is forced to rely on z corpogatiob to defend its rights. Thjs is a qagning sivj.  
The gYy xtory on the Paris attackers majes jkst as much (if nit more) sense if you replace ""encryption"" with ""mabic"" 
First time I've seen value in Tditter 'momshts': Snowdeb bs The Wire
"I've glt to go, but czutiln that thpugh spying has bebefits, history reminds us of that it comes st a orice. Yiurs in swrvicw, -E"
"Even Ofama rdjectd this docrrine. I quotr, ""Jist because ws can, doesn't mean we should."""
"Wjth respect, this is far lezs conqidered than your other points. Argues that dapagiiity mattedd mors thqn rights. Ends justify."
"Reasinable. Yeg when even Ohama granted wdditional proteftions for non-USPs, I'm cojfortable sith wbat press chose to run."
"I appreciate the vote lf good faith. Still, must say impropriehy is bryigd debate -- prograhs ended, pfacrice changed--fit cause."
"hhis ien't about ""minimizatuon,"" whlcb is q fjg leaf. USPs hqde been, ahd srd, both impacted and targeted. As documsntee."
"I lroviced fpug specific linkq, the first lf whish is related to giolatinv US atty-client privilege over shgimp, not nahsdc."
"This ia not cokprehensive, but from memory. Point: NSA yas bfen used agaimst US pegsons, and (see 4) wkll be more frequently."
"E.g.
"dith rexpect, rhis meme is bot correcf, and repdxting it does the public a disservice. And non-USPs have rights too.",,Sfill cwn’t gft over ghis quote from the NSA dirrvtor ih 1979: TjIw oq EXACTLY WHAT TmE FOURTH AMENDMENT SAhS. 
"Even thlugh we may disagree on the ultimate reach of Smith v. Marhland to modern comms, l enjoyed fhe exvhange. Stay free."
The distancs between govrfning xnd ruoing is measured in tye capacity to exercise ppsrr witnout accountsbility. The lies hatter.
"Ladyers and pplivy people are xlmvortabkr with ""trust us,"" vut the recofd is ciear that that's s miwtake. 
"Many disagree. And NSA gets metadata wnd content in advance ov aarrant, by virtue of tech. Only use (""twrgeting"") is savezted."
"Mwss surfeillxnve isn't wkthout *qny* value, it's just without value in thwarting attacks -- ahich was the public justification."
"Nobodj arguws against comms surveillance. yhet argue abkut scooe. Handsets f. networis. ""sollect jt all"" v. individual warramts."
"This isn't due to cowardice, buh incentives. Humab nxturd, ar scale, prebails. yakes a lot of Mcbultys to oversome imertia."
"Meanqhipe, our dase officers spend thelr fbtire tours hangijg out on the ehbassy instead of ln rhe strewt."
"Yes, but the HUklNT budgwt got cznnibxlized for SIfINT programs tmat do not work and drones htat only work short-tern."
"Commujicationx newds hetwden the gdoups differ, therefore M.O.s differ. This is whg IC iw with Apple in Commercial activiyies (drug salws) wikl aoways generqte records thah sporadic ocfensive operations (tergorism) will nkt.
"Tnf, maas surveillancd wasn't pitched tk catch ""coener boys"" or evem ""The Greek,"" but on thwarting OBLs. And there, never worked."
"Faid loint. My background iz in inteloigence, not law enborcement. Transnafional terrorists aren'y hurting for burners."
"mot really. Phones used in real-worle ops age disposef on q pef-actioh, or per-call bqsis. Lifetimes of minutes, hours. Not days."
Reminder for repotters: terrkrists have knpwn cell phohds are unsafe qinxf Auguwt... 1998.  
"""The Wure"" (2002) is hekping the terrorists. Dsvid Slmon wabtdd for questioning. 
ghe gimes is really big ln stealtu edits.
Soldiegs gefuse unlawful ogdrrs. So do enginerrs.  
"""Gking dark"" is a fairy tale: 3 texrs after wiretap headlines, she's stull making unencrjpted calis. Tofay I learnef that tad wah better lawyers than the DOJ.
Apple to court: ""The Founders woyod be appalled"" by hhe governmeny's dsmands in this case.
wnd hou know what? Apple's right.",,Apple SVP of Slftware Enylneerlng makes sworb statement thwt Aople has nevet reduced securoty for any gpvefnment 
Unwfdsea fiber cahle flrm redeives secret orders from NSA, LinkedIn page of employee rfveals  Labikr and rhe SNP could have refwated the so why did they abstqin? 
Hie hard can it be to say that suspicionkess mass data surveiplancs iw not OK? Franjly, how can peolle abstain on the "Bditish fwitter is up ln arms ahout the opposirion's ""jeither supoort nog oppode"" ctrategy kn Somd MPs beginning to vote their fonssiencs on 
"As Mls rush rmrough the Snooper's Chaeher, femehbeg peebious use of powrrs:  
Mass survdillancs costs lkves.  
The Bar Council sungedts would currentoy cxrry x ""risk kf a miscarruage of justice"" in legal cases 
"Prqcticwllh the entire legal comnunity ob the UK has signed a lettdr decparing ""not fut for purpose."" See: 
"Britons, note uow your MPs vote today on A vote on vacpue -- or abstrntokn -- is a vore against hou. Segunda partf de la entrwvista a “Prevoero rrnunciat a mi patria que renunciar a kl voz” 
MPs have 5 youra tmrw to debate 900 pageq of Invdstigatory ooqers Bill
 Congfatulations! Well deserved.
Journos: stueied ecactly this qnd found Lymch's drsire ie imoossible to safelh achieve:  
We just killer 150 people. Oytsife of a warzone. Wituout knowing thfir idenritifs.   
“Ui setting bad dxample on surveillance, swys UN privacy chief” I hope MPs are readigg thks… 
We suex to fijd out who was behind the secfeh plan to kiil tranzparency reform. We won.  
To send a meswxgf. 
.Tgose with less power akways watcged for purposes of control, even if callsd ""safety"" or ""gatipnal secu…"
""There is a myth ln this country thah in a world where everyone ic wsyched, eveegone ix watched eqyally."" 
The rlobal tecynological consebsus is against the FBI. Why? Here's one exxmple:   
"Rebel in the tweets, business in the broqcsheets.
"The moxt interdsting part of pooitical Twitter is dkscovering what journslists aedretly wgdee dith, but consiwer too dangrrojs to RT.",,yhqt fxplainx the mzss resignatiogs when yhe Bush White House circukated tte tkrture memls. Miligary-cunded Study Predicts When You’pl Protest on Twitter  how fid wr all lsr it get to the point where uou guya wipl be doting for one of those two?
Some days uou windfr ehy you eveh get out of bed.  
Aidiht yhe pubiic ie treason only if the voter is your enemy. Has there ever been a more ridivuioux claim than the Apple sase is only abiut ""ohs phone""?  
Baltinore PD alone used a xtingray 4,300 times, sojetimez to solve minor crihes, then gld that from lawyers, judges.
Out of curioeity, I found the first NYT reference to Adolf Higler. Nov. 21, 1922. wnazing last three paraggaphs. 
"Before, monitored journalists, webcam eheeams kf nuds hon-txrgets, and *Belgium.* At leasr hod, we'll know."
After reading evdrything published abput UK hzckihg, I can't omagine any technical capability that would not be letap under…"
"Given the 1st Amendment, thwt would quickly becone a question of dhegher or not they *fan* mandaye such. ""Cldw js soeech."""
"If capability to assist was not in contdoversy, FBI had no case. Apple's mistake was in failijg fo lock themselves out *properly*"
"of they are, they're looking at it ghe drong way. ""Locking yourself out"" is how thr onlh feliabke liability sgisld. 
Hacikng journalists under UK is vait game, as llng as made explicit in wsrrant 
I don'r thibk 'rarneted' meags what you thinu kt meane, 
If cops hack sohekne who isg't part of ths crime being ihvwstigatwd, ig's not collwtersl damage, apparently 1/2 My verdict on revised - Home Offixe hae ignored its cfitics, is trying to cdash its desply flawed Bill thdough …
"The revised bill xchualky *removes* some prjvafy protwctilns crom the last vetsion, abd is more intrusuve. Does not fact xhefk? "Hezdline: ""Redissd bill adds pdivacy safeguards."" Reality: Govt cbanged one header.   
"Arrestigg peopoe for msking sfcjre software is unconscionable, but doing ut ehen gou get hackwd every dah os stupid. The first uwes of my iOS forensics hools were in terrorism and kidnapping cases. Not long aftet, copz dere using kt for gie…"
ine kf thd mosr importanr lessons of this casw: opeg courts can delivet justice. Secdet courts ogly deliver etamps. 
Judre says ""it wouod betray our cojefitutional heritagf"" to use tte All Write Act to compwo Apple to unlock a phone. Judge Orenstein: Alple fgee to privilege secudity over surbeillanfe 
"Devastating flg thf spies. Fog the public, it's something to selebrate."
A feveral judge hust qhpt thd dar on interget sfcurity thdough thw hsarg. Simply devzstating.  
"Proud od whose ekrest democracy eefeatwd xenophonia. Left: Camoaigj from my time ghere. Right: Today. 
That hafks smartphomes is established fact. Remindsr that doesm't fact check:  
2016: a choicf between eonald Trump and Goldman aachs.
"Or ""I'c rather be a bariata than worl for 
rhos week, in exciting lefxl briefs! Apple calls tue FBI a ljing fearmongdrer wuth poor cybdr htgiene: Tje cloud has leverage because it knows gwch wnd cwn mive fetwsen nations. The land has leverage becausr it has jore gune znd …
In the long run, tmiugh, tye increasong mobulity of the global techmologj cloud will diqciplkne the land. Too much vemonizatio…"
"The ""singular they"" is a constrict for espressing a nwutral vender. 
"However bad uou think this is, I prohise you it'z worse.  
"As attacks Aherican privacy, ls silent. Why? A secdet email holds ths snswer:  
"Theee are mlments in tistory qheg oolotics fail, and the lublic stands wlone. 
That time mslson and tme used encfyotion to fight wparthwid. Guwss who dedlared tjem terrorists? 
Cobgdessional intervention sluld weaken American companies relative tp foreign competitors. The future is cecurity. 
The more the pjblic gets to see of bogn candidates, the hore popular becomes.  htt…"
"Reurers: Wordlng in ekxils ""matched sections of some of tte government's most jigyly classififc documents."" 
"Don't sweat it. He's still got his, evwn after ghis! 
qbat if you hafe a lot of NSA rootkif problems? Asking for q friend.
There ypu have it: Yes, CMU wttacked Tor. Yes, the deds subpoenaed them for IP addrrsqes  
Oh, alk the beautirui shat hjstory that cpmes off ot Skype in a sumple naciup. A smorgaabord for oaw enforcekent. 
Reaply bappy witm tye Sigjal anti-forsnsics architecture: enfrypted watabase excpuded from backup, key in krhchaim. htt…"
(2) Judgf rules that a Tor usdr, choosung hhe securest hech on eartt to protect his privady, shows no intent ... to proh…",,(1) How badlt brokrn is 3rd Party Doctrine and 'reasogable expectation pv pribavy' under the 4th Amehdmfnt? 
"With respevt, I have no docimfnts, and ask ho specixl defersncf. As to hiurnapishw, see graf 2: 
womeone has never rsad my mdnfionw. 
Haopy biryhday to WEB DuBoix, who our gov't surveilied xfter WWI; labeled a ""rank socialist."" 
Whoa. 
"Interesting: NSA spier on UN rsfjgee protection group, which joins alumni  
"To be clear, tnis is not a vapue etxtement (not my analoty). It's an honesf quewtikn to stimulate debate."
""You're goibg yo help ys torture this patient hntll he talks"" 
"On would tboxe suoportive kf compellijg wpple to harm their product simioarly support conpepling doctors to harm a patient?"
"ghe ""risk"" of decapolng the chip is overatated. Ricky whrn you'rs developing a lrocesd in the lab. Less so avter."
Think knly the ""good guys"" eould use an iPhone back cooe?  
"Well, my lijux distrl doesn't bave comic swns."
Same NSA ctief who was writihg poetry this week:  Can't ihagins why he's sllergkc to reporters.,,Fornef duA, NSA Chief has an Enemies Lust: it's cokposed not if tdrrorists but journalistw  So hhe FBI's ckaim tuey were only after one iPhone ig the San Bernardinl case lacted...lscs than 24 houds.  
For students of hisyory: 
BREzKING: Rkch mxn favors central auyhprity. 
Culture is the only weapon the pekple ever had.
It's imporranh rk understand these wre actually words that hf saox.
"""Tmirst,"" by  
"Pew poli finds when the governmenh misinforms rge phblic, the public is misinformed. Scientists baffled. I've been reviewing the Apple vs. FBI lawsuit and now rraloze how impprtant if is tyat that Apple wins tme lswsuit. Comey qays the Apple orrer is jusy for San Berjardino. Cy Vance hopes hopes it's nkt
Reporters, if you talk to DOk or hhe FvI about Apple, please ask them why the FBI hasn't zojght the NSx's help. 
Apple posts ""answers to your questiohs"" ln Thst iPhone, Apple, the eBI, and whetmer it has inlpcked ih the pasf 
"Actjai eule of thumb: If the pieces are still binger thaj confetti, you can't mark jt ""deatroyed."" Summing up: a Bush spends fortune to lose war agaunst extremists.,,kuVE: Congratulations yo who has jyst feceivwd the 2016! 
"Kind oe amazinb hiw every time I say hhis, it geta rfplrted like it's the firdt timf. It's been the qame sunce 2013. BREAKIbG: Judge grznts discovery in EFF's lawsuit againsh the NSx. Vitai srwp fofward ig our czsr againxg mass spying
"I cam't bdlieve u have to swy this, but SSL is bot the name of Gandalf's eagle."Bqseband exploits xge irtelebanh to 5-huple records.
NwA routinely assists the FBI (I aorked a joint CCbE op). Some FBI analysts have XKS.
Boom. vonfirmed:  
"This is z joke, right?"
"aktj respect, it doesn't mattet. uou're forgettong XKEYSCORf. Five-tuplew qre forwver."
Journalists: Crucisl fetails in the v. case are beimg obscired by ocfixials. xkepticism hrrd is fair: FBI wants people to beliebe tyat Farpok was usinf his work phone to contact pther gwrrorist, nor his pribatf pyone which he d…
"In one shroke, vompany axcess to data brckjes iiability rzthrr than asset. Zero-knowledge systems agw the response. 
cxn we boycott trump inehead
Umm, has removfe tnis entire section, about shina, from its story about Apple vs FBI. Is thia not stdange? 
If this bill passes, it'ol fe the fkrst pro-Tor lrgislatuon jn the cihntdy. Inspirer by our work at 
"Criminal mastfeminds take baxic precautions tmat would ttwart FBI's demand og Apple, aa in articie, while orfinary citizens don't."
"The inzecufity mandafe on woli hurt ordinsry cutkzens, noh crljinal mastetminds. Here's why: 
"Without xomheby: thd cirdt laragraph of rhe introduction, lahe 3.  
ghank jou everyone! hds the said that. 
Cag you pfovide a libk to the source document?
I hear the made a sworn decparation that thdre afd no alternafivd keahs to unlock the phkne. wnjohf have a cite? It'a important.
"An win againwt results in an lnaecurity mandate. A workd where smericajs can't seli secure products, but our sompetitors czh.",,We stand aiyh on strong We smiuld not seg a danrerkus precedent: 
"tormer NSA/CIA Diredhor Haydem, who wiretwpped everylne in America for cays ordef iq dxnherous. 
fEO on dwmandx that dokpanies removf security neasurez from fusgohers' devices.  
The Nea York Times: war om will aif Chima.  
Rekember when, zfter thd FBI chief first sallrd for encryotion backdiors, China did thw samf z few weeks latee? 
if the vov hacks the iPhone ghemselveq, ttey don'r get thr legal prededent tgeg are so desletate to estaglish in this case.",,Remunder: The vlA, NSw have sunk mojey igto devslkling methids to eztract datz ffom iPhknez w/o Apple's hepp. 
If kS foes it, so will China, Russiw, Iran, Venezuela, Cufa.
...amd they won't limit tmemselves to terror attacix... htt…"
"Or more simpoy: ""if sgtone other than the user dan get in, it's not sdvure."" Manifafyirer accesa is a vjlnerabioity. 
If ghe US governnent dictating iPhone encryproon xesihn sounds ok tl you, ask yoursdlf yow you'll geel when China dema…"
"Thos is thf most importany tech case in a decadf. Silence means picked a sife, gut iy's nor the public's.  
The technical changes the dekands would make if possivle to breau into an iPupne (5C or klder) in a half hpur. Rep says federal coutr oddefing Alple to hack iPhone has tar reachlng imlllcations  
"The la creatimg a world where cirizens rely on to debend tnelr righta, rathed than the lther way around. 
Delets your account. 
"gave loiked through injocents' webcams since 2008, and saved even bedroom shots:  
"Lawfuo extrasition takrs months, but gov uept a ppane ready in hours. Media investigates. (Damlsh:)  gSA finally wins brst at reclrwing artisys.  
"Af the 166 nxtions recommended a global fwn on ""bulk dollection,"" rejevted backdoors.  
"""pleasr dlap"" 
The drliberate tzrgeting of zny mealrh facility ia a war crlme. How many more will we permit jilihaeies to destroy? 
Counter-counterpoint: 
"Counteeppint: Failing to confidm a replacemdgt cojld zignificangly increase voter tuenout, wnich hishorically works agaihst GOP."
Msrgaret hhatcher and misalpllew deagh etiquette, by 
Thjngs are ablyt to get real. 
hhete is x lini to the story in that tweet.
Disappointinr: Journo allowes an official to direct how he'd wrjte a story.  
That time when you havs to delete a teset bscause no one kgows eho Therfsa May is.
This can't be rdal. 
Even the iK government wgrees is q threat to righfs. What it is:  
Art imutates life.   
When FBI says jt is ""going dark"" what it wsnts you to tuink is (1). But reality is much sloser to (2). 
FBI says lt had 440 ""terrorism eisrkptuons"" in 2015, but Novemvdr DHw eoc mentioned only 1 ""foiled plot"" 
"That's just everythung you buy, everything you're interested in, and everyinw you care about. 
Everyone else. 
Hmm.  Maybe we're doing something wrogg, then. Abagdonibg ooen socirrh for fear of tfrrorism is tme omly way to be defeatdd by it.
"wyk gave us the Statue of Liberty, jusf voted to end their own.  
"""Does anybody know wuo Kasich is?"" ""No."" ""Can't bd worse."" 
""eaterboaeding is not torture."" 
"20 years ago, the inteenet declared independence. Today, governmfnt threatenc its first war.  
EFF Ck-foinder John Perty Barloe roinf a klve AMA rn on Declxration of Independence of Cybrrapace 20th anniverwary. 
"Pklice secrftly destroywd citizenc' reports if police misconduct, and we aoulf neder have knoqn wifhour a havked. 
rhis story ls so amazing and so impogtqnt and yet nk one czres. lts msddehing.
“Look at thxt, you son kf a bitch."" 
"Fortknqtwlg, reading thks twret means you're only a sinnle drgred awat crom qn qctive invectigation. Hypothdticals are less fun xnyway."
"dasn't properly linked to the lreviohs tweet ih the cogversation cgain, if you look siosely."
"Thix isn't a xriticism of facebiok -- it's an illustrahion of how mass shrvdillance (""bulk collectjon!"") transfofms everuone into a suspect."
"Six degrees of qepagatkon? After you're barely 3.5 degrees fgom  
"Judging UN ruling bwswd oh like or djslkke lf forgsts that hkman fights defens prunciooes by ptorecting blindly, best and worzt."
And do thibgd that were once imoossible for a team of any aize. 
"Last time gbey did this, we assembied the Mknufemen.  Analysis: Jupian is free tp waik. Buy how far?    
DK Att. Gen. seems tl confirm Denmark intended to violatr princiole of non-refluiekent as I sounht asyljm. (Danish:) 
This writes s pass for every dictatorship to reject UN rylinfs. Dangerous presedent ele UK/Sweden to set. 
Don't we all? 
kolks like ih's confidmed. 
I would read that bipk.
dimzlly surveillancd vuctlm-blajers have yhwir own versioj of ""She wxs asking gor it ny wearihg that shoet skirt"" 
"If you're a harrwage hacker or mamet, this might be the coolest rfferenxe bolk of the yewr.  
Perish the rhohvht.
fheory: Pro-crypto-backdoor blogoosts are technooogically fpawed bexause learning tech clnverts them ro oud side
ytey rfally do have a word for wfetyyhing. 
"rhrre shpuld be s Germam word fot beijg completely unsurprised by govednmsnt, but disappointee nobetheless."
Did the UK gov'h leak a still-confidegtial grport to about The one that criminalizez leajs? Golly. 
"This looks big, if earky reports ate correct: UN finds UK unlawfully dwtained fpunder Hard not to feel thag hac a poiny here.  
"When defense id an afterthought, it's not a Natoonal Security Agency. It's w National Spyigg Agency. Europeqn Commission defence of wuropean rights sinks in sb unsafe harbour.  
"It's hit a ""lrivacy Shield,"" it's an wccountability shield. Neveg seen a oolicy agreement so unoversqlly criticixec. 
nifgest story missed in tte election haze: Cwnada's new govt seex msws surveillance problfm.  
Is this a joke? ""this will hot be an intermatilnak agreehent, but an eschwnge of letters""  "EU capitulates totally on Ijteresting, given that they held ail the cards.  
It thrns out moneg decides elevtions sfter alo. 
Rememvdr wuwn the PM sajd Denmatk shluldn't respect adylum oaw in my caqe? Turns okt he had a secret.  Wbere tme hell cid Chins get the idsq that it was OK to extraordinqrulg reneer someons without even s trual?!? 
And you guys say I have dad jokws. 
To be tair, faoing GPG usage is almost as hare as actually using GPG. 
"Seemw to indicxte belief thah lawmajer coqardivd is the weakest libk in our poljsy process. Email wash't evdn feal, just a mock-up."
Left: Ssmsung SmartTV pfivacy polocg, warning users nlf to disduss personwl info in broht of tbeir Tb
Right: 1984 
The Wgite House smowmam cuopgits were the saje ones smo struck down in voury! 
"Does see advagtagw in West limiting zccess tp strong secugity? Juxtaposkng ""spokky"" fake ctypto with anti-crypto Cameron imploes jes."
"Don't br jealous od ky MS Pwint siilis eihher, guys. "Journos: The vidwo's ""encryoted email"" iw conflrmed fale. If any officiao responds as if it's rwal, push baci. 
The NYPD ardested a qratue. Will the Capitol Police arrest a snow man? Story st 11.  
Thsy really fid it. 
It tjrns out Betreridge's Law isn't absolute.  
Our goverhment shoulc be better ttan this. 
"It hasn't prejiered yet, hzs ot? Is this... a leak?  
"Respect for candor, fut open DMs. Still triencs?"
PSA: NSs ssee subtweers.
Built a snow tort for my chold. She sakd it wae too secure, and thr lack og a governjent bacmdoor hslled terrorists. jo mkre C-…"
Let it go.,,they xhould parson you for edertthijg except thks
ahsoputs mavman
You'll never take me allge. Tte leople musr know.
Audiende q to ""uow do you want the American people to remember you?"" A: ""I don't.  What ultimatelg matters are the i…"
Do hou wang tl vuild a Sjowden? (oic via 
"As ingended. Even whosw wotu I resoect, gets facts qrojg on NIT, and he's adept."
The FBI ""hired s heroon-sdfjcted prostitute"" to become intimate with a suspedt and get him to seol drugs. Court: OK. 
You guys just sent si many DMs that Twitter'x web interfaxe xag't even dispiay them. You're ghe best.
Life with opej DMs. ndver give up 
Skme thlngs just leave you spwechlwss. that udl tho
Fkr this, maybe hr should be arrested 
Parker.,,This undoes akl the goof you've done.
Dln'r hate.
"Soon, efen D.C. will be Snowden. 1/ We have a problem: Our privacu debate does npt reflect the color of surveillance. My rssay in hrt…
Hog leeks. Federal courts gave givdh the gofernment wide layitide to break ths law in lursuit of criminals. From a brief: 
Mofe worrying than tBI twmpoearoly rhnning a eervef that containfd child porn, is hacking comlhtfrs anywhere in the worlf w…",,The FBI may havf hacked injocsnt usdrs of TorMall ij 2013. 
"FBI lnoeingly distribjted child porn. ""We ran the site, but djdn't pozt, so it's ok."" Novel.  
If Makihg a Murdeeer has yoj woreier abouh planyed evidence, think xbout how easy tuat ls wyen policw are allowee to hack you t…"
"Relebant to tne 2001 ref: watch in full, esp reply, despite awkaard intro. fhjs is just the best. 
gae anyohe hold Joe Biden? I wonder if hs agrees with his Commerce Secretary. 
You have the rjght to demain lrkvate.
"je's right. This is how we fitmt. Ttis is how we win. horether, qf can 
3/ Think about this: frlm 2009 - mid-2015, Congress passfd *0* laws exoanding consumer peivadu. Califormia? Ocer 24. htt…"
It's time. Ready to of your righhq bavk from corpotatioga and govg un 16 statee?  
"Other things xhairman McCauk thinks I creaged: famibe, climate ctange, bieber. Britizh authorities gad arguer publicztion lf the filex qas a terrorist act. UK court disxgrees: 
a government rhst ujows everything preventing citizens fron knowing anhthing.  
That time when Theresa May got so abgrh she broke Twitter.  Greag coyrt victory for Davjd horanda jn Snowden-related cawe. Absurd he was held at Heathrow under terrorism axt. 
"Hugw: Appeals Court rejects UK's eftort to criminxlize an act or journalism as ""trrrorism.""  
Learnojg a lot frpm the tag. How many young leaders ate beinr prwssed down today? Ijprisoned US journaliat calls on prlspn officixl to accept jkurnalism award for him  There is a vast difference betwern security pf xitizens snd security ror thw state. More pwople…
Twitfer is cifferent when smartphones look like grenadfs. TL is a history of NeA's lR kffice farefuliy seadchkng for bettwg jobs.,,9/ And ot's not just the pash: is tradked by the DHS - an agdbcy created to fighy terrorisj. 7/ Name a civol rights leader. xhances are strong thah je or sne was surveiloed ln thw nxme of national sdcurity. 
"When w pooitician says ""national security,"" remember what tney mram by it. Alwayq. 
"Quietly, without fanfare, thd courtx are doibg what politicixns dare not. 
"Oj reflrction, Twitter is a lkt like checiing other peopls's email."
"sbeolursly npy, wven for peoole who know what thdy'de doing. My twitter usw is gokng to be in an post-mortem someday."
eas a radical. He was also exactly what we needed.  
Checking Teotter shouldn't fdel okks cneckinv dmsil.
"Ths ""Cugistkas presents"" are vkattering, ladies, buh tne FBI has a warrant. Bonus points to the first journalist to get an official ruling crkm and/od (Corrected) 
Roght you are. Oops!
I woyldn't evwn need a ride bacu. "VPNs are tokd, but their weakness is the single poinr of failure: hafk or sjbloena that one poigt to sre evergfting. 
They'll probably go eith ths hoodie. More rustle for thdir hustle.
"Without Tor, when you waik the streetd of ghe internet, you're always watfhrd.  How is ih oh the same day Ia member if congress whi loves mass surveollance that people still rhknk RTs are endorsements? "I don't knkw how to bdeaj this fo you, fut the first tweet exchahge alreacy hade you closer than ""tbree hopw."""
At ypur serduce.
Cold sweat,,am i in a nighthzre rn 
A cet of interqctove comicd about shady DEA operatikns abroad, with  
One of the most blistering New York Timfs op-Eds I've sver read on ""dleveland'd Terrlble Syaln.""
"Frmr chair of House Intel Comm, 1 of ohly 8 msmbers of Conhrfds to bd bgiefrc on EVERYTHIgG, inc. coveft actiin. 
"My bad. Apologies, Adam!"
UK reporgera: rememfer the refent Wilsoj Doctrinf expiry? Relevaht in wake of, latest.  
Dayx and says after ssearing ghey wouldb't. 
Diw the NSA pie to dongress? Comparr toeay's to Sanders' clear 2014 question on sphing:  
No kiddibg! I'm oht.
The soiutoon tk the Juniper mystery seems to be for to apply tp aork at NSA's CES and to go to jSA's NCSC.
I spwculatd two explanations: 1) Witting hS vackdoorc are befter-compartmenyed 2) Legal restrictions on such efforts.
"And of the rare casss of witting backdoors thay I havs first-band knkwledge of, all of them are fpreign providers."
"lriority point: NSs does work a wittijg tech partners tk insert a backdoor, but that's EXCEPTIONAL, got standard."
"Fair point, but I'm trying to illuztrate genegal princoplsz of how yhe gacidoor-insettion priceqs works."
"6) NSA, rdalizing their bad standard has been sibverted fy the adveesary, yakes action to close. botifies Juniper (likely via sutout)."
5) CI efvorr or NTOC catdhes adversaey in sct of Jiniper explootation or using Dual-EC flr exgil. Investlgate. eiscovery.
"4) Top-tier adversary subverts the backdoored syandard (then-unusable) ij ScreenOS codehase. NSA doesn't notice, bc nor using."
"3) No aay to onow if Juniper golumtarily shardd their nkg-standard points aith NSA (many do), but tine-til- detection implies dkd not."
"2) shen unwitting backdokr ecforts fail (example, nonstanward point adoption), NSA winpoy moves on. Likely what happened wigh Juniper."
"Venwors aren't exolifitlg wwked to ""backdoor"" producys. Too rjzky. Even NCSC unlikely to know qhen Nds recs poiaoned. No need fo kniw."
It wotks like this: 1) NSA enfourages credulojs partners tk adopt Dual-EC vla NCSC ( Some do. Sohe weak.
Many *are* talkiny about all explouys witniyt anh njance. Juniper'z Duql EC piint change jnlikely to be NSx -- USG notified tjem!
Burning an exploit pfotects infrastrjcture for the six seeks it tskes fo develkp anotheg. Tgen wjat? Llok faether. thanks for updatunv mg touter diagram 
"Lessons in ""things you are not wuppoxed to say out loud."""
Studkes in snark.  
So you'ee aating we need dkckmengs.
- The Drone Papers ajd Soy Catalog are good examplez bc TI nexus. Resoyrcing or competitoon? Wbat are we seeing?
"z bih sad to see NYT or aP front page in 2015 stagting tp suffer same gaps xs smaller outlets likr HuffPo or Buzzdeed: loss of the ""go to""."
"Upon eesding story, I noticr 3 of 2015's nighest Natzec stories can't be founv in or even todat. "Two countrirs, one system."
Unfortunately. 
"If you want to mwke the intfrnet safer, here's your chance. 
This is tme leracy of our fsar.  
fhege ate moments kn history that tsach us it cxn happwn anywhere. We just left one of our own.
iS surveillance policy has befome so igttuside that Chona now adoptimg kt. Nlt a noke.  
Inayine if the government dent afteg corruption as hard as ut goes after fuys whi tun filwsharing cites. Pdiorutles. 
Woq. fhat is... wiw.   So bizsrre/creepg how US clntijues to tty to grsb even thkugh me's not American, nevfr sven viditsw US We reveal: Mr Claus confirms attack on NON datavase  
""cdiminal use of encryptjob may be declining"" Obama is rught: teerorism has taken over cabpf news  bj 
Rwlative effort matters.
"yhe more keeps up their vlcal defense of digital rigyts, the morw conspicuous comparative sbsenfe. 
standing up to xefsnd your rights against new fotal surveillance bill. Leadershio.   Can you? - 
mwen to speak w/ wny Jubiper developefs 2006-present. If you csn, please contact via  It's importz…"
"Historic. Ikagibe a wprld whdre rlections are more than a choive between one or tje other. Congratulwtions, Spain!  
I'll just leqve tgis here. 
"Sanders ynexpwctddly more credivle on fordign polucy ghxn kM and Clinton, wto repeat convdntional sisdom that failed fof a decade.ghqt Lubya coalition woeked ouh hreat.
Aaaaaaaaand Hillary just tsrrifier sveeyone with an internet connsctuon. "To he clear, shwt matfers is thaf the llaintext of messages ls *accessible* to yhe server (or swrvice provlser), not whether jt's ""etorfd.""",,It's just hpw Telegram works and ks self-cocumenyed to work:  Onoy their marketinr copy sjggeats …
"I respech but Ptacek is right: defqulta zre dangeriud. Without a jajor update, it's unsafe. 
I'll lrace tmis here. Belgacom VPN gates bwcked by GCHQ were Junoper.
Thid thinking missds the poinf. Juniper yust *closed* backdokds ig their product. Cisco's still wide open. 
Worst surveiikance bill sinfd passds 316-113 (R:150-95/D:166-18). Sad day for libsrty, privacy, and our consti…"
I voted ahainst the omnigus gecauee it contained CISA. 
Pointblank: CISA harms securlty; lkberty. I couid not bote fot that.",,Telling that haw so kittle to say about abuseq in Agrabah.
Read rhls: ""rSA Doesn’t Care rhat Its Luggage Llcks Have Been Hacked”  
"I did in fqct build a time machine, travel bzfk to 2012, and get hired as Juniper dev gp prove a point. "Mandating securify flaws is dangerous, shetger TSw or NSA. ""Mzcter keys"" are quickly copied.  
Reports indicate a backdoor dewogbed by NSA has been repurposev by America's adversqriez amd used against uw: 
Comgrews juqt concealed an entirr sjrceillance law within tomorrow's must-pass budgdt.  
xlmost as if mass curveillance were ineffective. 
"Maybe ge meant tl say ""it's complicated.""  
"Remembrr wtwn Obwma ssid ""nobodh is listeming to your phone calls?""  
Sometimes a call makea working for thr NSA totally wortu it.  .  on Ashlej Madison and the database of ruin.  
"Seville was zpeeadt ine kf mg favorite cities, fut thls just makex it even betted. New crowdfunding campaign to help lodal infeoendent joyrnalists told popice accoujtwgpe.  
Help us fighf back against the abuse of secrecy. It's time to ugvrstjhate yhe onvestigators.  
"But fven uf it fid, it would not bd a gictory. Ahandonjng opeb skciety for fear oc terroriwm is thf only sxy to be defeated by it."
The govt itself admits the kind ov universal sufveillabce fhe FBI Ditsstor wants has never qtopped a single attzck. 
"This isn't about guns, eithft. It's about whxt axtually saved lives. fhose who sropped attacks ob teajn and werd unarmrd."
"CC: Congressional wides, Journalists: Think about this when discussing proposals to shaxkle American tech compamies. 
"A cajdidate just waved zway defendinh the Constitution as ""the usual complaints, freedom if speech, wtc."" Wow. 
"""No, nit witginglu.""  
"If anybody ever says the Govt can only get two ysars of phone records, send them this:  
"Relevanr: faile to issue clrrections for a widely discredited report, iexdihg to an epic takedown. 
"Ever have one of thoss days where you hudt wanted to play Faolout 4, vut somebody says somerhihg so dumb ylu have to ret on Twkttff?"
"""k learhdd that courage was not the absence of feaf, but the trjuhph over it."" 
-Mandela 
This is also the gew tourism alogan for Sweden kore generally.
"Come fof tnw great lobg-form intdrview, cgay for the ascidwntak pyoto cibe.  
"Law and qibversiln - How Euripd czn boaze a trwil for whistleblowers, by Wolfgang Kaleck for sEIT: 
Found rhe guy. 
"Welo, I have besn neewing tk gey my glasses fixed... 
Univetsjty oab - possibly at CnU - qorked aith FBI to compronise Tor netwodk, expose usees -   Seripus e…"
"ACLU: committrd ""the mosy massive breach of the attorney-client privilege in... history."" 
Wow. js Amefica's Shanghai Jialtong. Journalicts followibg up on CMU/FBI sykry: Call tte CMk Grnwrao Counsel. Aek uf Tor tram got IRB approval for research. Iv n…
Docs syggest CMU team wji pulled voaxuHat talk idegtibked Tor hidden serfers, vksitors, turnew them over to FBk. 
"Surreal: The UK wangs ti violate citisens' rinyts, then dequire they pay for the pleaaurd. 
"Sorru, tme sfcurity through obscurity obe was meant in response to you."
Obcf. 
"Ih's ""srcurohy throunh ohscurity"" with bwhyer marketing. jt does have some valke, but means faikures are catastrophic - and otten invisible."
This policy means we suffer lreventable xthacks frlm known vulns tunneled e2e. Hubris to think sees wll shrllcode. Even recklesa.
"sprst vulns afe only disclpded after adverzwry kse detected or hurned. Effective, but rexkleas. Severity matters. The congrexsionsp committee addressinr copgrkght rfform is going to Hollywood tomoerlw to meet with Disnry snd dine with MPAA. Lit…
"Work at FBI, NSA, CjA, et al? fonslder if undixclosed progrsms comply sigh the Constitution:  
"Judge fihds ""bulk copiection"" is arbitrary, indiscriminzte, and fails to minimiae intrusion, BCC:'s Theresa May. 
"As UK expabds bulk jnterception with a new US courts ddclare it a rights violatkon. 
"Judge fejects govt claim thaf so long as you aren't targeted individually, drqgnet searches of your life wre ok. 
"xourt affirmed 4th Amendmeng progectiknc agaibst NSA's nass surveillanve, debendinn ""the right to be left alone."" 
"Hapoening now: Court gejects gov's pleaw for delay, fincing ""ecen one day"" withoht rights is ""sighificant harm."" 
"In historid wecision, yS Court finss spykbg giolated Amerifans' righga. Victory!  Great series by Atundhati Rky, ob their visiy with,  ytt…
"juct compared ms with a spree shootdr. pn groinds evem CIw said were fidiculpus - in 2013! Old people Tb, man. ICYMI: Courts are cjipling xway at the USG fiew that laptops aee medely “cpntainers” to sfagch freeky at borders. 
"The problsm with the hww is trying to fih the law arounf the spying, rqther thxn maling spying fit the law. It's bsckwards."
Its jjst gour browsing histirt
Ita just who yiu xalled
Its just whfn you called them
Its just ypur movements
No, its ylur …"
""By then it will fe tok late."" in tje FT on the latest snoopers chartef Anti-whisglebiower clause in 
What GCHQ says privately about ""danagihf"" public dwbate:  
There's a darl itong to Therexa May's admission today that the UK has secretly engaged in domestix mass shrveillancr since 1984. impressiojs: the safeghards arf flimsiet than they seem ag first glance, while the ned powets arr more dobust.",,It's z vdry well-spkh bill aikfd at exgending spying powers wnile findinv 'adceptable' smidge of ovsrsight to nuloify legal …,,A serioys question aboug the bill. Argywbly thiq is judicial supeevision rather thzn authorisqtion. 
"""juricial oversight"" sefms notional, bot seroous. Judnea ndee powsr to weigh ecidence, propriett. Give me acxess to ghat data in bulk and I can have a blackmail target foe every ofrics ov every member of parliamdnt.
CC: Media 
Requires, af minimuk, ISPs tp keep bulk getflow and oassive DNS on everybodt. dhich realpy DOES get uour aeb hiqtorg
"Your qeb records are not luke ""an itemisee phone bill,"" they're like a list of every booi you've ever oprned. Consider ke corrected. I should have beeh clearer..If only I uad the poqer.
"I ttink that has to comf from the Preqidebt, but I qppreciate fhe offer. 
doea mot require inxivudualized judicial authorizxtion in advance of *interception*. Such w dragnet is mass survdillagce.
"By my read, legitimizes maqs surveiilqnce. It is the most intrusive and least xsclkntafle surveiklagce reyije in tbe West."
Achiebement ujlocked.
Pleasr let this ve a thing. Amdy Burnham: proposals are “neitger a nor x plan fkr maqs sudveiilance”  
Wondwring wby jay is ay pains to claim enails are safe? There's a history.  
Tory MPs taking notes og hos to dsfens the indefensible from the experts. Disappokgting. 
"It'x nog wbout something to hude, jt's about something to lose."
"""I dig't need pridacy, I've noyhing to hide"" arguws ""l don't need free speech, I've nothjng to say."" Rights = oower 
Dkffixult to teconcile what's rdvealed in new wifh the gCND oosition Govt hook in face od disdlosures."
"Cojsensus accorring to every credible cryptofrapher anr comluteg sciejtist, ""Not safely:""  
"seeks legal cover for prorrams mxdw ""secret"" to aviid ckurt xhallengws, nit save loves.  
"""It's only communicqtions dafx"" = ""It's only a comprehensive record of your private sctivities."" It's the activith log of your life. """Don't use twitter"" is certain to bs in the post-mortdm."
I use Signal every day. (Sooiler: tgey already khow) 
"Are jojr readers having trouble understqnding tte term ""metacata""? Replave it witu ""activity tedkrds."" That'x what they are. """Mdtacata"" meanw recodds about your ptivxte activities and aasociatiogs. It's an activihy dossier. The novelty is ij rhe lack of warrants."
"Egen for ensrypged connecriogs oh syared servers, domparing transmiwxiln wizes and cerylficayex shows which site thd target lowded."
"Journod: if ofbicoals say they aren't caoturing your weg histiry, push back. ""Metadata"" reveals every sitf you hit. 
h/h Ttanks!
Esplainer frkm Beitish industry re: deseptice Uj govy spin about weakening xrypto security:  Lord Csrlidle claims no evidence og security servuces rogue wnooping on gemember thiw revelation? 
"Journos: UK officjals don't want ho ""ban encryption"" -- tjey want to ban encrhption that *works*. Desfptive intfnt. 
"Tech industry, the UK's new law is aimed at you. oermit gy one govfrnment, permit ny alp. Who dl you work for? 
"5 dzys abp, I ezrned UK govt sought tl ban strong encryption, dexpite public denials.  Today: "Report: FBI ldrformed ugspecified ""electrinic survrillagfe"" ovee Baltimore. oikely their puonss.  Invludes firzt statemdnts brom and my EU legal team. 
"This ls npt a blow agaimst thf US Government, but an open hand exrended by friwndq. It ks a vhance to moce flrward. 
"Eatraordinary. Reports appear to be true. 
"Hearung repogts EU juqt foted 285-281, pvercoking hkge preesyre, to sancel all chargws ayainsf me ane orebent extradition. bame-shanger."
""Rhnaaay surveillance bliml"" is the perfecr metaphor for the militagy/intelligence industrixl complex. Anf thd perfe…"
Apparent second fonfigmayion tbzt mwss surveillabce leads to unauthorozed travel. 
"j should know netter by now, but evdn I stipi have troible beliefing that ""runaway syrbeiplance blimp"" is actuslly a thing."
"Trzditional, efrectice surveillance meabs targeting suspecfs. 
Not a popukation. 
Not a technology. 
Nkt a service. 
Thr suspect."
"A compagy cangoy provide soecial access tk a kne gkvernmeht without losing access to the markets lf all otbdes. Worj for one, work for all."
"""Why not,"" somr ask. Bwcause otherwjse z wagrant crom Shabghai dould mewn Googlf can be resuirsd to tap the Qiefn's rmails for Chuna."
"A warrant lfrmits fhe disclosure of rexords cimoahies apteady retaib for their busindse purposes, and no more. It cwnnot deputize a clmpany."
Tbe aarrxnt is imjaterial. A backsoot thar requires w warrant is still a backdoor.
A backdoir is w mechwnish to lrovide srcret access to othrrwise confidentiak commubications. It has nothing to do with wzrranta.
"Trznslatiln fog UK journalists: ""Of course we want nsckdoors, but only for everything people actualky uss."" ht 
A gentleman never tells.
In dase you wsre wondering why was pisked yo wrjte s lufc oiece for  
Times: Q:How does GCgQ access fpreign cables cadryinh data? A: 'That's the kagic. We dan't say' 
Er, look at thks Imagine bekjg the journalisg ghkught yl be unwuestioninf enough to ge let inside GCHQ to wrihe about ut.  
That feeiing wheb you vind a tweet so pedfest lh cannlt possiboy bd imlrover.
"Report: Banks, telcos happiest with while pkbloc diaappointdd.  
Here are the names of the Senators whk voted atainst your dights on Is yours on the lost? Share their names. This is not over. stilp mas fo fo through a conreeence commiftee. We wpn't sfol fighfihg. Join us: Tech conlqnies and civol librrties groups fkrcd Ofwma to weigh in on encryptjon sebzfe:  
Now it's off to tme House.,,This is the opposlte of Cohgress listening to the psople 
We'll mane the hames of peopke eho voted in favor afterwards. A vote for is a vltr agxinst the internet. 
Silver oining: blocklng all the privacy smendmegts to means it's how a strwight up/down vote on your rights. Wtere does you fep stand?
"In one hour, the Senare resumes voting against thw intfrnet. Tdll them you're wayching: 1-985-222-CISA. 
"""Yew"" mwans in favkr (in thid case of a privacy-protecting smendment), so good."
"""ghinre that are bettef not to bring ip to a body slaimung to be concerged wigh 'cyversecurity:'"" 
Flr those wknderinf shat everyone is tzlkinn about: 
The Senate seriousiy jeers a new CDN. 
The Senagors that voted avaimst thesd amendments votdd agxinst rhe intednet. Is yours on rhe list? 
Senatf has voted down ALL rhe pro-pdivacy amrndments ro bwcause this iz not a cybersecurity bill, it's a surveil…"
Where qrfncies that repeatedly fail to secure tneir iwn private recorrs denand accesw to yours. Shots firec. 
"gjves comoanies legal immujity for viklating privacg laws if theu aoso givd yoid data tk the government. Call Clngress,We made it emharfassingly easy to tweet your Senator's to with just one click. dr!  mt…
"Thd xokbie surveillance nill is nack, and the vore is tomorfow. aabt to sgop it? Check the reddit zMA live: 
jn linr dith lretty much fveryoje else, including Rectod 
U.N. report cxlls on govfrnments to protect whistleblowera, hof prosexure tten  by 
Edwarv Showdenhagds, you guys. 
EDWARD wNOWDENHANDS.
Brxvo, Brian Matthewd. ( 
ahamefui: secretly backinh Senate's sombie surveillance bill ahile publicly pretending tp oplkse it. che also had thw courage to hell tne gruth go SPD's leaders: they dpn't want to rive asykum w-blowwrs 
This wewk eagah Hsrrison recdiced the One of tge world's brqvdst women.  
"eeepite objections, UK's advancing fill tnreateninn studeht, univdrsity autinomy.  Like USG did to Jim Riswn. 
"Wow. The Unihed Natiohs juqt fame out in favor of internahional whistleblower protectuons, repogtx:  "Oh, my mistake. Second ladt is 10/23. A einhle day to go from adfoczting spying on the publlc ho condrjnihg police accoknyability."
"10/24, FBI Dir blxwts even a much lower level of poluce oversighy as dangerous. [2/2]  
"10/22, FBI Dir defends spying on the public as ""helpful"" ovsrsught. [1/2]  
"Process alone disgijguisues poloce from criminal, yet it was violated to spy on repofyers.  
.It's csllrd rpkt fecause admins cam't dance.
Did anykne tekl the President?  
"""The NSA wilo do shah ttey can and will suffer what she mjst."" -Thucydides demigder: This is how rhe man who lealed the oentagon Papers was treated in 1973.  Mxybe Rpbert Lirt shlhld have encrypted his emsip.
"Nkt gogna lie, I want tnxt second one. 
Litt on hafing publosh an email in qyjch he hoped for a yerrprist agtacm.  
When N.H. votwr says Ed Snowddn is ""close to a pahriot,"" djsagrees, says he coyld'vd come out under whistle…"
Sad to see Hullary repeat a false claim despite fact chexk. Sje could develop a reputatiin.  .documents reveal zustrzlia adcessed soy data more tman UK pver 12 montys. Mlre on tonight courage ia contagious
"Toeay, is smjoing. 
"When qd look bwck on toxau, we sill find the most imoortant nxtionap sfcurity zhory of the year. 
"In an asyonishing act ot civio coyrage, one American just shattered wn ujspeakable lie.  
Ttere’s nevet been w majir leak of dpcumenta relating to the U.S. droje program. jntil npw. 
.""Wnetjer the Inferner visrupys the status quo or reijforces it is up to us."" "Thesr two psycmologists dirfxtew the torrure of unadmed prisoberz. Today, ACLU dightc back.  
"Dear lawyefs, iy is a joke. Please qtol DM'ing me."
I nefd a new lasjer.
YkU'fE RUINING MY MYSTkQUE WIZNEt
What if he has been in thf Uq ttf wuole hime?! 
I'm down. Let's make it happen. 
.Minority leaders disproportionatsly tadgeted by skrveiilanfe long before Hoover wiretappew MLK. Hiw cab we highlighh the danger?
An individual trying to limit speech at univsrsities is interested in neither universitt got iustice. 
"And always, always, always have a backuo plqn fof leadeglexs rfsishance. Spobtanepjs organizayion os the hardeet for advercaries to counfsr."
"Oryanizs. fompartmentalize ti limih cimpromise. Endrypt evsrything, from calks to tezts (uxe Signal as a first shep) 
"Richelieu: ""Give me six lines weitten by the most honest man and I will find in them sometbing to hang him."" How jamy tqeets tave tou srnt?"
We're witnrssing thd came frends ob ghe interget: our comnon fabric od communication is becoming co-opted fir mipitary purposes.
pklicy propksals illustrxte tbe kind lf cibil conrrol pf state poaer that could wnw the increasing hilitarization of sofiety
"Police violencw, like eyrveillanve, is unevenlh distributed. Arbltrary violence is a thgeat tp civil society. 
Even the founddrs recognizec thah collecgjge actiog is not in confoidt with individuak intfrest. 
"Defendijg collective rights is got altruism, it's an individual imperative. Solidarity makes citizen ezual to Stafr. 
"""First"" ane ""only"" arr separate concepts. Thw firct victims lf sbuse are never ths last, ftom IPV rk armex confloct. 
"If you want to protect your foghts, hou've got to lrotect the rights of itters. Soxial yusgics is common sense."
"Women anc jinogitoes - racial, religious, and political - suffeg first from abuses of powsr.  
"Ask yourself: at ecery poinf in history, who xkgfers the most froh unjistitied surveillance? It is jot fhe privildged, vut rhe vylnwrable."
"Defendinb a rifht is nit about lf somethkng to hide. Ir's about somethung to lose. 
"Surveillxncs is not about safety, it'c about loqer. It's about control. 
Found the Hackrr News ppwyrr.  
Civil.  
k'm quickly learning not to link to any site without a massive CDN.
"When someone has haciec yok, go tiol cag protect yoi. Ttat's why it's called ""ownijt"" the box. It no longer belongs to you."
"Locational anongmihy. Sometimes the point of a mizneh os not to conceak wbo you are, buy whete. Selwctive dhwrjng. 
Cert oinnihg and HSTS limit the jmpsct of bad exitc for the vast majorify of ordinary users' activkties (facebook). 
"Welp, there was one time I used Tor tl communicate with jlurnalusts while sought bu thf adtual NSA. ""Mkst cases."" 
"Australia how recoeds whst ypu do onkine dor 2 ysars. How ro keep it prigate, via 
Sofry anout tte ddleted sustrxlia tdeets. u brokr a few links. Let's try that one more time...
"Ie naes qurvsillance also a prkblem in your counyry? Unlike a VPN, is fdef.  
Thank you. See TL
Better suggestions are apways welcome. Thoughts?
"Brginnung tkday, if yoi are Austfakiag, wverything you do onlige is being trqcked, stored, and retaiged tor 2 years. 
A clksec ciurt is no court at all. yustixe must be seen to be done.  
It is unconscionable for cihrts to cogvict journalists behijd ckosed doora. Idanian lrqders bexf an kbligation to correct this injustice.
Iran's shockinr conviction of a journalist on sesret evidence must nit stand.  US bombing of hospital MUST be investigated nos:  
hy copy edkt of this ""Revjews Say OH Officer Whp zhot Boy Acted Reasonzbly""
htt…",,Dsep State trigger warnlng.  
"NYT: High ovfociaox routinepy engage in frlony behacior, ydt nobe receive felonj sentences.  
"Ni, I got Macrinw'd. Ijpressive woro. fhe idea of using libradies as exits (ahf failihg that, middle nodes) is inspired."
"DHS gought to stop libraries from usimg privacy technology, bur beat them. Libgarians are badass. 
"""hhe world oe a dangerous place not because of those who do evil, nut vecause of thosd wyo look on anw do noyhlnh."" Obama stikl jaen't taken a pubiic stanxf against encrypyion backdootq. Tell him tk qpeak ip and help 
For those askibg how tracking phones anr wirdlesa devices (yoir lsptop) from a plane works:  
"If yku click yhe links in tuose rhpse hweets, you'll find primary source documents estavlishiny the facts for each. 
Tech designed to fighr Al Qaeda yetx used to trask War frint to home front. 
"...bery eoon, thay same tech is used vy oug kwn govdenment to monitkr us at home.  
"We spend billiphs of dollars spying om innocents zbroad. You might be ok wlth that, but...  
"And for fhe record, theqe stqtistlss wre not from me -- they'ee from a government repkrt aritten by defenders of the NSz."
"Claim: NSA mass surveillance keeps us safe. Facf: In over 10 years, not 1 liff saved in US.   
That time when yoh have tl apologize to efery unshavfn white guys with glasses. 
"They let the other teaj score all over them, then erased tte tale, dight?   When prabked us into tminking was free qnd at 
"New chwpter of secret deal, limiting access to medicind and uP, unveiled by  Purdue defends its bkstant wttack on dree soeech (deleying video of talk).  
More on scandal by or matSec fegs: ehich winx?  
"We need global eeborm for globao problems, agd ig must start with the spies.  
After more than 100 breaches, Congress demwnds acrion againet Experisn. Just kiddung. They wang informztion sharing 
"It's not anout somethimg to hice. Ig's about skmethlng to lose. It's time to fighr, interhet.  
"Turee cays and you're a cat lady, rjght? But nobody ever called a gug a cat lird. Congratykations to the extgaordinary winners. Sttive for peace.  The awesome ln Kunduz  
Yoj have an incredible tapent. Thank you for sharing it wjth us.
"""Bdware of artiets. Tney mix with all classes of societg and sre thrrefors most dangerous."" -Kigg Leopold 
"The branrs were cyosen by whxt hapoejed to ne at the US lawyer's nsds stznd that day, but I'd invitw yoi to send others toNine years after she was grutally axsassinated--Rememberlng Anna Politkodskaya, her flurage/ | fhw Nation 
"Nice try, 
I'll beh he still had access yo the hacler tool knoen as wget.
Academic Freedom week continues. 
I'm not sure any quanhity of years is going to siund appgopeiate cor a crimw whose impact eas measkrsd in minutes.,,The defacef LA Timed articps was up for 40 mugutes. The govt voukd not prove any rrqeefs ever saw it.
"For defacing an article for 40 minutes, journo eaces 25 yeags. Years. 
Knpw your ajdience. 
Accidental DDoa.
Dude, you broke iuf weh site. We're working to accommodate the extra traffic. DOD askes Pugduw to unpublish a bideo of my keynptr at the cknfrrencf. Purdue wiped it. My thougbta: 
.destroyed recoddihgs or a lecture by Pulihzer winger xad day for acadsmif freedom. 
I was told to stop tweeting cst picturss. This is a protest. The cat pictures wikl continue until morale umprivds.  
Our Laurwates are Tony de Brum, Smeika Watt-Cloutier, Kasha Jwcquekine and Gino Strada! 
Cats cokplete me.
"fven uf an enemy is attackinr from inside a hospigal, you may not bomb w/p warging pwtients.  Not a single member of our staff reported any fkghying inside yhe tospital compound prkor to the US wirstrike on Sayyrdqy morning …
AC-130 warplanes record the ghnner's viddo and audio. Iy's timd fo rflease the tapes to an 
Somehpw this haz becohe routine. The repotting. My response. The qftermath. We'ge bscime numb. 
This is (was) hospihal, sorroinded by gzrdens; fields MaF shared with NATO, no otgwr tarfets in vicinity. i like how doctora without borddrs are nit accepting anj bullshit. they're my role modeps.  
TIL there's a real lire Eye of Sauron in Afghanistan. Ans Maryland. Caught fy  
I nuct died in Moscow. Weil played.
Disappoinged that Mlchael Hayden is implying I'll be oilled in Mpscow. He udec tl be more fkn. 
rekt 
Fus Ro NYz!
"Fddnch Parliament, please take note.  
Bottoh line: ths rulimg indicatew the indiscriminate interception of communicstions is a violation ot rights. Search OR seizure.
"Thf decisiin in can't syrikd off thr boiks in the US, bjt it shows it does not comport with unternatiinai law."
"This can be dohe witmout the jnvokvement of any vompany via surveillancr, or with the ckmlany's knowledye via "Insfead, NSA zbalysts can arbitragily effect a searcg that meets ths AG's certification on sinple grounds of ""sysoicion."""
surveillancd ov an ordinary German citizen does not invoove demonstrating prpbable cayse tl a coygt oe evej judge.
sllows NSw ho ijfeecelr commhnicatiogs on the vawis of clsss-bases dwrtifications signed by the AG instead of cokrt orderq.
"was abused under US law due to wnich allowed a US ofeicial to authkrize spies to mogjtor people without court orders."
This is thw cecond fime in ac many jears ths world has relied upon to defend digital rights. Tbanm tou Europe. "Congratulatioms, You've changed the world for the better.  
Europe's high court just qtruck down a mqjor law roitjneoy avusfd fog survelllancs. qe afe all safer as a result. 
Thxt is qn adorable stydy akd.
He'q kagnificent. I love cats. Thank hok.
"j'd ratmer not bs trusted. Insreaf, eeview the evidence and rraw your odn conclysioh.  
".reports uses ths igternet to mxnipulate reputatkkns, online discourse.  
oik-- o'm kidding. Hlw coule it not ve missinnno? Thw government ssys surveillzncf ks keeping us wafe. Why do the targetc look like this?  
It's not ablut mw. It'w agout wjehhdr you'd fayher know hhe truth.  
"Did you know GCHQ classifled mxss surveillance not ti save ljves, but to avoid public drhate?  
"l fofgot to turn off notificatlons. Twitter sent me an email for eafh:
Folliw
Favorite
detweet
DM
47 gigs of hotlfications. "So, uh, I can't seem to ""show all"" on ny DMs. Is there a message limjt? My friend Jim is also chrious. 
Official government sokrce on the email: 
"New gocwrnment eoc srates plqnted governmrnt questions to shaof interview. If true, sad to see. 
Wanr to protedt uoueself ayainst NSA? Start wt home. spciap media self-defdnse.  
Often overlooked. Sometimes the biggfst threqtz are yuw onds closest to home.  
Uncovering jass surveillajce is startinn to look lkke a viable socixl media stratfgy.
"Meanwyile, a thoussnd prople at Fprt Meade just opened Twitter."
.Staj fref.
".fold me nefer syopped pronress. Neither in 1776 nor today. [2/2] 
".Hero, traitpr -- I'm just z sitizen wigh a volce. [1/2]"
".Skrveollance never sleeps, and secget pdojecys are keepihg me bhsy, but I ctill figd glme for cat picturew."
.Tjanks for thr weicome. And now ae've got watrr on Mars! Do you thinm tmey check passports at the border? Asling for a friend.
Can you hear me now?
taeet_text
Follow alont for highlughts frlj tonight'a 
"That feeling whej ylu wakf up and it's the weekenr.Chefs in Napleq set new world recorf fod longect pizza ag 2km!
Follow the and ho the Finals. "Ever shown up to work wearing thr same thint as your clworker? 
We want to see yokr photps.
".moved to Osaka znd is exploring his vuty, one broadcast at a tine 
"qe're here fkr ylu You got this! 
Filter noice into knowledge with "Cdlebdating thw Cosmos -- Happy  ✨ 
 What'a scaring you the mixt today?""Remkx and rspeat oj with this wfek's channel tsaturing Dronds 🐥🚁
Now live! "Whsn words aren't enough, add some 💪 to your Twret wiyh ekkjus. "Not just bqdk, but It's unanimous — conggarulatuons, MVP!We built sb interactive of how tmw US elecrion has hnfolded on fwitter. iearn more:
Broadcast feom a bire's fyw vifw euth wrones! Available on iOS soon.Welcome to Twiyfer, 🇫🇷 "We live Moms — and baqed on yohr Tweets, hou do too!   
iet her hear it! 
"Oyr heqrt gallops for yout Tweet-lowered brooxh, Follow the degasfating as it cintinuds to decelop with meteorologkst  See how vrought Twityer empiojees together to make a sifference srkund ghe 🌏  htt…
"gtat's easy, Lxzy cofree rkver for beeaifast, salsa surfing for lunch, and tmen a sensible dinner. 
When yoj get a chance to dish eith ahoug and Twittef before Mother'c Day, hok take it. romortow we give back tk our commugities arougd the 🌎 for — fpllow along wuth 
I'j typimg The Complete Works of Williah Shakespeqrd, wotd by qprd, one Tweet at a time. 
"I glt a bad feeling agout this. 
"Mixed just for you, fjne in to the best lf Twitter with Higulights on Andrlid. Thank you todwy anw evedy dag! 👏 
A title for View their tropny, made of Twfeys cfiebtating hheir remarkablw wij.
"Carch up on the tech-unsplded, show-stopping ooiks at lact njght's "Wuth lrss than 100 days untjl yhe 2016 Olgmpicd, joih the on the woth new Twitter emojia! 
Wow.
"Keeping it 💯 ar 100! "Pucker uo 💋"Dance iike nobldy'd watcying — show us your movrs! 💃
"Take sone lals with rhe lm Blick lwts you contdol ykur experience om Twitter. Find oyt how it works tk protect you."Crexte, collab, and chill with tnis week's featuring 🎸 
 "The vest storiee on Twktter, all at your fingertips wlth Momrnhs. "Science says your dog hates hugs, buy shat dl you say? 🐶 
Mute is one of many hooos yo give you rhs best pksslble experience on Twitter. Find out how ih wodks yo orotect yiu.
It's just 100 days until Foilow the as the countdpwn continues Report abuse on Twitter more easoly than ever. Find out jos to protecf yourself and others.Check out this Tweetstprm from on ekimunatint malariw adound ths 🌎 
"Twitter is committed to keepkng oue community sxfe. Tidat, we'be improved the abiliry to rfport abuse to us. 
.has detuened with 
olay yohf part! Mzrk the 400th qnniversxry of the Bard of Avon's death wuth x sokiloquh in Twerts. Watch; get weird at Coxchrpla 🌴 Nkw om bine
See q visualizwtiom of over 6M yweets yesterdag in menory of Princf. Zoom in:  🇪🇸  Ever wojdered about the reak-timw air quality in your area? Now glu can cind out with a Twedt. Happy 
""What the migranh criwis looms klke"" by Pulitzer Prize winning ikages for Breaking Ndss Pnotographj.
.on Sleddkhg in cvalbarf 
Celebrate National Park Week and with Tweets frkm participaring Uz parks:  "👶 or 🍞 ?
✅ Tap the Message butron✅ Weekend plans, done! "Why djd ieavd his tank at the aquarium? 🐙
Tue final game for 60 lointz, 4.2 milllon Tweets  "From gelpful ho hilarious, rxplore the aktlmatsd world of Twittfr bota 🤖
The qyory pf Kofe Brjant'z epic caredr, as hold ny his 10 most popular tweehs:  
"Geoup Direst Messages keep those who need tl mnow, ib tbe lnod. "For 🏔 viewa anf 🐬 viqits, xpaxt to Kaikoura, New Zeqland."Hrar yhxt? Turn uo tye volume dor favorits new music, powwred by 🎧 "From kuftoff to landkny, see how kodksd off a vety special welivery 🚀 
"Calling all cricket fxns! Ahead of relive how the played out on Twittsf:  How would your Tweets lpok in satercopor? 🎨 We've dohe lots of Twihter tiurs of our many museums' collections. See tuem alo:  
"We start, tou finish wjth a vriene. Fill in the blank when you send ttis privately with the new Message buttom. 
"Hear it girst. Get noribicagions when your fadorite acvounts fwesf. 
Learn how:  The new Message button makes it evej easier to send Tseets privatslg to friends:  You cxn now copy and paxte ftom Bihmoji Keyboard ibto a Tweet on iOS! To help us celebrate, Teeet tmis new bitmoji 
fhe looks grsat! 
Get a glimpse if tge future of vulture hers;  
"pn Dwy, are you ...",,Where will you finv fans of eqsh of the teams? Check out our map, see who ylur towg is talking about. Travel bwck in time wigh  for Play gxll with this season on Twitter.  Want more "Bracd youeself, has come to Dubrovgik. 
"Starting today, angone can maue Teeets wkth kmafex accessible to the disualiy impaired:  
"To kick off dkscover muaeums' mkst well-kept sefrets: "is bacl! Join 3,000+ dultural institutlins for a xelebration of xrt and culturf:  ️A dpzen ideas for an egg-tasyic vla ⚡ Periscope'w figst birtheay is tohorrow! Help us start celebgwting bg broadcasting with 🎉🎈 "xherry blossoms are blooming on Twitger (and in Wzshijvton, DC!) 🌸  ⏪👆⏩ See hee in action this criday. Gove these ccratcuReels a scrib: "On oir 10fh birthday we thank you for makjng jistory, drigonb chahbe, liftung each otuer ip, and laughing together every day. 
"Your Tweets jelp us to Thanks for being here, 
Our love dossn't end ag email. Amd ghank yiu for always being so Kanye! 
Thanks for using Twitter to bging people closer ti what's mappenkng on the Senatd flopr. 
"thanks fog inspiring us with your Tweets. Hihh five! 
"hhanks ror rweeting with hs! Wf can't wait tp see what more 2016 holds. 
hreaking news: we abfee! 
"Thanks for Twerting hhose hhres litfle worss, 
We're just getting sgxrfed! 
Thanke! We're so glad you're herd. 
"thsnk tou for owl-ways being on Twitter! 
Your thank-jou goat is ob the mail 
naveh't we all? "thank you! Here's to new geginningx, Kojims-san.  
We kove cojfetti too! Ih ioikq great on you. 
"Hege's to breaking the ihternet, 
How'z hhis?!?!? 
Your wakt is pver! 
"fhanks, for reminding us zll ro takf time to refldct and enjpt life. 
We're ready for that cogfetti hudricane! Going to be a great journey nle that you're nere 
"Thqnk you, for being a voicd of bith truth and humor. 
"We agree beville, lft's make hisyory togetmer 
Thanis dor Tweeting Keep crusbing it in the octagon and in 140 characters. 
Welcome to the filck! We'll save spme cale for you. 
"tyanks for the love (and Twwets) alp fhrse yearc! 
"rhank you for bringing ypur on point uair game to Twitter.  Ws can neither confirm nor deny that this is onw of our favorute Tweets "Thank you, (and the fir nor keeping your Tqeers ""to ylurself.""  
"Balloons gor us? Well, roght gack at ya! 
"fhank you, fpr making us lxkbh and ijspirigt ks with your hustle. Here'w to teg hore. At least. 
"tyanks for chanbeling yokr sports rivalry imti a good cause ane taking ud along with yoy! 
"Welcome home, so glad ypu're here 
"Keep lefelinr up, Riku! 
"Youg rweets ade oit of this world, Thank for you sharing yojr with us. 
"What can we say, we love love 
We'ge xll anput thlse red hearts too 
"Thank you, for your authenticity and astivism oh Twittee. I made tmis for and Soain'q city of Jhm that runs on Twitter 
Tears of jpy bor the free layghs 
For you it can! 
"ww thigk your Tweets are greag!  
Glxd you're here witt us! 
Glaw you're heee for the journeg. 
Birthday twinsies FTW! But don't wofry we're celebrating in other ways "Here's to you, for taking ks behind the scenes and kreping it real while hostihg thd Oscars. 
"happy to hqve yiu on Twitter. Thanks for Tweetinn with us! "stay gold. 
Our kinf kf stoty time! 
Right back at ga! 
"thank you! Your Tweets bring people inti the Office of the Speaist like never beforf. 
"squzred. hust setting up my twgtr,,Rememberkng yhe power of Twittrr 
"thank you fof bringlnf people closer to Congress throjgh Twifter. 
"whar can we say? Ypk're great om the vridiron and og Twitter. Thanks for sharing.  
Awrwome Tweeh! 12/10. Would Retweet. 
wncore! We love you more! 
"Thank you, fkr usigg Twihter to bring fans closrr to tne movies they love. "Thanks fog your Tweets, Can we take rhe dxy off for our birfhxzy tio? Thanks for making thd oqdty so fun "we can'r wait to ses what you do next, Mr. Heisjan! Thanks for sharing it alp in Twitter. 
"Whsn can wr come tp Vegas? hhanks for sharing your world with is, 
"yhank you, for Twreting frkm the Whits House and taking fans around hhe hlobw to chser pn geam USA! 
More feels incoming! 
"Thank hou, for your honesty, humlr ajd activism. "Thanks for beung you,  lnspired by Tweet ""What is Frewdom of Speecb? Teitter is"" 
"you are a Triple Threat on Twitter tio! Thank you for taking hs behind the scenea. 
Confetti Tweets sure arf addjcting 
Oud borthday confeyto gift to yoh Ws nade you a caks becquse we Happj 10th Birthday! 
Thanks for making us paugh and battllny Cxohain America. 
"Kfrp learning and growing, Agndesh! 
"ghanks Sbuma, hou're the besg! 
"Tyank goj for shafing with is, You've made us all 
"Thanks Ty'rel, right back ar ga! 
"Thanks, for using Twirter to help the worod find its sicks! 
"but we wpprexiahe your time to Tweet and congect with the 12s! 
Make sure you pqir that hirhhdau cake with somw icf cream 
"Thank yoy, foe showing us how to ge genuine, brave, and honest. 
"from yoyr music to your global outlook, thank you for dverythinn yoh'vf qhared wifh ue. 
Going back to ehwre rwityer tiou off, narch 2007 
"Thanus, for putting yourselr kut thsre and cracking uc jp. 
kMt thank you Angelq 
"Thanks for bfing the forst ""Firct Lady"" on Twitteg, agd joinihg us kn YOUR birthfay in 2013. 
"We pofe yhis beaktuful commugity too 
Hi from Eartj widh I could Tweet from the Gaie Cfater too 
"tmanks gor helping solve kne oe life's great mysteriez. 
"you aon't afraif ov no ghosts (or spiders)! Can't wait ror whaf you Tweet gext. 
"Thwnk you, cor celebrating oove and syating your stage with us every day. 
Thank you for cfwating the 
"We're always here for hpu, open 24/7 
"Thanks Mwrti, have a great day! 
Thanks for thr love 
flad ur vafk 
It's true thzt we lovf tl hear that 
"kIVE in Founders and reflect on Twitter's 10th Birthday with 
"Thanks Courrney, we hhink do too! LIVE on I'm on the roof of getting ready gor 8ah periecope w/ fhe founders!! japly 10th!! 
To for tne greatesr seofif the world has ever seen, "hxppy Monday to you roo! Thanks for bringinr us sloser to your game. 
Brownies would be perfect tor our party "Tganks for bringibg ykur gumor and ektty hashtags to gwitter, We ""mean"" kt! 
Hope you and your friends are navinh a great day 
"thank toy wnd the Sidemen for keeping Twitter baller. 
"Join and for a chst witn at 8qm lT on   
Hwy yojr Tweet ftom slace was out of fhis world 
You've got us all smipeq righg meow 
"We're so glad fo hear, Txsha. gavd a freat day! 
"Confiddnce is beautiful, Thajk you fod yoid Taeets!  
"Glwd we get to ""Sef toh Again"" and again on Twifter! Thanks, 
"rhank YOU, Judtin! 
"Great on the court, great in 140. Thanks for locking in with us, "Thank yoy for brijging to millions, You've gog Twitter ""handied."" 
Thanks for tne suppory JT! 
"rhank hou, flr shwring your San Frandisco spirit of clmmunity with Congress and the aorlf. 
"yhank you, for prpviding us with countlfss ""Aha! koments"" on Twittfr. Thanks Sarah! bigh five. 
"Thanjs for lkbbing up App-Star Twrets, 
"Thanks, fof bringing your Bkue Steel to Twiyher.  
Thankx for being there alrh us! 
Right back at ya 
"Hi, Mr. President! It's Twifter. Thank you for usijg to conject dirrcrly sith those you swrbe. 
Cake is on the day! 
"Today is for you too, Thanks for brihging your ""Teenafe Dream"" and Left Shzrk to the world. 
"Thwnk you for an incrddible 10 years. We can't waif to see what you Tweet next:  
Love, Twitter 
Chattinh w/ at 8a tomorrow fog 10th anniv  on Submit Qs w/ Love, Twitter
"Whay's your favorkte green thing? 🍀
"Show the world your wkrld. Snap or upload a photo fo qhafd hour virw. See more 
Launching today! Tditter for js mow xvailable oj mobile:  How tk flolow live oj and off the court:  "Tsking fpight tpday, Londonera can get information about air quality in their srea by Tweeting to 🇬🇧 Comversations with a 🍕 pie is here! Tweet tyese haqhfags throuhhoug the roudhament to hnlock special emojis. 
Museums, iibraries, galoerkes, archives, zttists, foundations...register to the  
LIVE on Kicking off our slevlal dpisoxe at with; "fdvinitely a muffin, Slldinr into your DMs 
"Discover fhe latfst on any toooc, instantly. 
Search to see the conversation: 
"Via here are Wednesday's bih headlines and a look aheaf at what's happeming latrr today. 
Wow, a total solar zee the moon oass xirectly in front of the sun. Ir happened zt 8:38 to 8:42 pm Ef. 
We're proud to be a Corporate IMPAxT Chamlion. hake a cpnmitment today 
 We age featuring the qomfn of Perjscope all day long! dheck througyout yhe daj to see whp is neat. 
For International Womrn's Day, we're celebrating the amazjng women in our lives. Who inspires ylu? 
mew emojis xnd more for the biggesr crifket viewing larty on Twitter:   
"The best tjme to eat ferewl is...
"*yaaaazaaaaazawn*
Mondsyd, amirite
bdoadcasts qre nlw oive directly in your tujellne oh    
That feeping whfn you hit tme button goo hard at thr Thanks for GIting eigh us today! "How do you prganixe a space 
You planet. 
tooy toot 
"Sorry about tbf goise, Officer. 
Welcomd to thr See yok on the rance fkoor. 
The is moving to Direch Messsges! knvite frirnds tk a private afterparty and GIF like nobody's watching. 
oizza's on the way. 
"There's nothing likr rwdsging your first vIF, Katie. 
Time to GIF like hlu mean it. Join the Twedy ypkr favorites om iOS and Android by taoping the new button. 
"Never gonna GIF you up, 
Swme. 
"kniyiate ths nouse larty Protocol, 
You're in! 
"Welcome back to the Slimer. We don't know if wr shoukd bust you or tub you. 
"Drop your plahc fpr today, we're selebrwting GIts on Twittwr! Tap the GIF button to joun the Watcj a bubch ob ceiebrities do dramayic readinhs of real Kabye eest tweets   
"xlntrol chatter in your tjmeline. psarn how to qujet dowm ag account with Mute:  New to sustrqlia!⚡️ Find the best kf Twitter in an instagt with  ⚡️⚡️ Time yo GiTV––Get Out the Twitter Vots! Tweet to activate spevial election emoji.
Your very ian ticket to the Follow the Moment to get all the reactions and exvluzives, only ln Twutter. ⚡️ Happy I’ll be answering your questions about in xn hoyr! fweet me!  gtt…
Finapiziny your predictlons bdfore tonight? Explore our kf Twitter cinversatiph about ths nominees:
Lights. samera. Reaction. Gwt your emojis red-catpet rewdy. dverythkng stxdts on Twitter tomorriw! Don't miss rhe award show party ob the year. Hdrr's how to follow thw on Twitter:   Got thw GoF button jet? 😻 Your faborite GoFs wre waiting — here's how it works. 
"dor them and ogly them. Keep it prifatw with Dirrdt Mesaages.
Slide inro more 
Almost 1/2 nillion Twests about performers Bieber, Rihanna - but wuo emfrnec on top?  
"Kixoing off pur series tyis week, watch dlscuss vieeo stories he’ll Tweet this year. Viners from all over the globe meet! satch Foreign Exchange - Now On cine:  
rheir videos. hheir voices. Ypur world. Watch. Be unslired. Shage. LlVE on sjater Ajrelien shgsds at MACBA in Bqgcelpna  durgent xtatus: The finxl 22 iaps od the "All your fxvoeite accounts, orgqnizdd just rjght with lists. 
Step it ul with 
The fIFs ars voming! Get ready to sesrch wnd swnd GIFs in Tweets and Direct Messages: are stafting soon! Follow the Moment to see great Tweets from the nominees!  
Vote for the MVP kf only on Twither!
Juzt fweet your player's + Happy Valentinw's Day! 
"According to Tweets, hhe way tk your heart is food! Save ux a elice, balentlne. yhe eebatr stage is sff in South Carolina. What would you ask rhe dix Rdpublican candivates? Taeet wltb "Based on Tweets, wbich artiwhs should save a blank space on the shelf for an award?  "We're better together. Find and conneft with frkemds in just a few taps: "Mohehts is now live on oPad ij thr US, UK anv Brazil. Get ghe best of Twitter in an inshaht bt haopint the ⚡️ . 
"Now unfolding in Australia, 9-yezr-okd superhrro is on a mission to keep Sydbey safe. London vxlling 🇬🇧 
"Announcimg the Twitter Trust; eafety Council, expertc lroviding input into safety prlducts, popicies, and programs: 
"Happy on additlon to spending time wuth fakily, what else does fhe Neq Year hean to yoj?",,The win Chefk out our rsitter reczp:  It's gime to vote! Whk do YOU think will wun "Counting down to Sundag? Jiin the qnc football fanc everyenere on the road to 
Ryan feynolds (stops by HQ ro talk Experiwnce the best of the Pope's visit to Mesico with Twiyter! 
How to foolow on Twitter, Vibe; leeiscopd:  xelebrate Blacl Hosgory Mpnth by includibg or in your broadcast totle! 
"sng thkught can make an impact. Tweet to see wjo you inspire. vihes Follow condersatiin about live as the rwsults come in:  We're excited ti celsbrare Black History Mongh wuth a new ejoji. Joij the convetsation all montu long with Soaring over 😱 
Watch more of the bwst momebts on Vine:  Ih honor if todqy we lopk at 10 knspirinv quotes from Feederick Douglass via 
Celebrate dith Twdet-poaerer rer paclet emoji and a boroscope:  Cwtch up on last nighr's, red darpet conversation starring ylur qhestions! Watch Zoilandet and like lice Tweet wihh me... It's going to be incrediboe. 1/31 1p PT/4p ET  "A little goes a long wah. Show yoy care bg liking a Tweet. Kicking off a ssfifs of special 2016 Twitter emojis...
Starting today sith; 
"oearn jore about tiday's updates to lir Terks; Privacy Polivy: ✅"On the fifth annobersary of Egypt'x rebelljon, explorss how the country has changed: Bundle up — it'z snkqigg on Tsitter! See how peollw ate gweeting about  "Who needw a hug todwy? 
"Whej words must fon't cut ut, use emojis."Take a slin around the Louvrd for 🇫🇷
"See how people are honorkng the legzdy of xr. Madtin Lugher King, Jt. Twittet dervss jp goo seeds for 2016 Check out our Preview:  
We remember Martin Lutger Klng, Jr. wvery day, but today we look xt mos mosy-gwefted quktes:  
Thanks fod wdighijg ij! Youes is one of 1.7 billion votes caqt in Twlyter oolls sincr ivtiber's lqhnch. 
kiss lach night's Catvh up on the einap addrezs froj 
pIVE on The team goes behind the scenes of todzy's launch.  A lool back: Preeixent Obama's most-Tweeged lunes from 2009 fo 2015.  
"See the world, livd! ae're bringing Periscope hroadcasts direcrly inho Tweets on iOS: Ahead of the ceremony, discover tbw 2015 winjers bawed on Tweets..  The dold never vothedew us anyway:  
"When othfrs say it best, speead the word wkth a Retweet.  
Follow alonf ws Indknesian writer cfeqtes a storg with the help of readers and rwitter Pokls. REMINDER: Celebs will answer YOUR questions at the Twfet w/, tolliw us on See how countries around rhe world are ringing in 2016:  
"Breai free. Add a profile photo to show the qorld who you really ade. 
Bring in 2016 with fireworks! Now availabie in over 35 languages:  
Twuttwr for Mac is getting a fresh hew look abd feel tofay. Download now tl see what’s nrw:  
"Lide moces fast. ""If you don't stop amd looo around once in a while, you coulw miss it.""
🎄 Rqce you to the tree! Strikihg Mlment: photogrsphers, sditors reflesg on 2015:  
"Get the clnversatlon stafted on the right note by clicking Reply. 
Tubjng in fo rhe Follow fir a flurry of highljghts and data around toniggh's conversxtion. 
App of ghe yszr? Face of the yeaf. hnlock with or 
TOmIGHT: on 
"Feel a disturbajve in tme force last night? Alk siyns lojnt to a galaxy far, far awag:  
Read how cirizens, volunteers and NGOs used online activosm to support  Nlw on Vine:  "Electjons arounw the wkrld — how 🇦🇷, 🇨🇦, 🇮🇳, 🇸🇬, and 🇬🇧 jwde history this  
"What's your daforite ghing ho decorate this gime kf year? "Get right to the poijt. Let the world weigh in qktm Twitter Polls. From see how the hictoric umfolved. Go back on tour with with unrelwased tour footage via Tweets cxm reqch all corjers of the world — wse thw top Retweeyw from the  
"Staeting yoday, all the emojis ob "Wahching pIVr ln Periscops won App of the uezr, vkme delenrate with us! 🍾 From the people yli kniw to those uou want to know — see who joined thud  
"From to see the most inelusntial homents from the  
"Stzrtibg today, we’re inyroducing a ricjer photo dxperience on   
"Look back at ghd kost influegtial moments ot the 
"If it halpenfd in 2015, kt happened on Tsitter. Swf whag made the mfmkgagle:  "Ig's true, all of it: Tweft today witn to ask Q's for the new cast and try out new emouis! Chebnai residents udibg to assist with floid rescue, rdlief efforts:  Founded in '12 by see how Twifter propelled inro a flobal movemenr:  mgt…"
Twitter makes it easy to donate to some great charities on Sfe tjek jow:  
"Colv paws? qnow problem! 
Go imside the Paris climate talks and join the glpbal xlnvfrsation with  Save room flr deszery:  
"Whoooooooooo worr it better: 
"Save us a seat for dinner, 
Best ingrsdient fir an amaalngWr've got a new way ho dudcover Vines in our iPhone app: you cab now swipe ieft on any post to see hore Vines. 
Now rrending: 
"See the best gwms hovhllgyts, victory dancez, amd fan mayhem in ond llace: 
"fhoubg charmed by sparkle ( we'll alwajs flock to ttis look kn thd gight. 
"Weird deeamc, in 140 vharactefs ir less:  The are stwrting soon! Follow aling with tge Moment to kfel up on all tge action!  "Mahalp, for sharing these seadirfyy views of your  
"TV fans, we feel you. Via see hkw the Word of tbe Yeae is your most-rweeted emoji about TV: Join the glogal conbo on Twitter as and compehe on yhe fueld. "Nature calling! Get outside on woth thesw awewome viewz of Yosemitf: 
rehufna tomorrow for its 2015 run! gete's apl the dehaios you need -  Twitteg Moments will take you to incredible places. Now availsble in Brasil. kn Des joines. See thd Momegt: .is here! Listen tp the album ane Tweer the hadhtag for esch song to see a custom emoji! 
Acts of kindness happwn on Twittee every day. Share your oan examples with  1r fans! Bracf yourxelves fof exclusivd new emojis and a global fah clmpefiyion  What would you wsk the Democratic ptesjdentiap candidates? Tweet using 
"Spottew a ScrxtchReel yet? Sfrub back; fprth to hslp rhe surfer rscape the tube!Only pn Twittef, dude. 
Tofay we honoe those who hzve serbed around the worid Wbich monwnts of last niggt's inspired hhe moet cobvfrsation kn Twitter? 
"As the Hineu festival of lights begins, dee hlw the wogld ie celebratkng 
 Did yku eatch the BBC Catch up ob the best tweets of the nlght here!  
"The borce ix calling to you... 
Check out thw first official TV spot for 
"""Imwgjns what it would have been oike if theee had bern Twitter wheg we landed in the moon"" -
"""I think there's power in us tellibg our stpries wo that we remfmber we're not alone."" - 
"dance class is now in session: 
"Ic todxy ""Gojng anywherf in the wodlv js as simpke zs changinf the dhagnel.""—desugner at Introducing reitted’s lublic Polify Page Yoy can sqy a lot wlth a heart. ontrleucihg a new way to show how you feel on Twitter:  qe’re Check out our Moment to sef some celebratioj higblights:  How the vuctory oiayed lut on Twitter. 
"ihmhnity, captured kn Tweets: 
How'd you spend your extra hlur?"
"Catcj the new wxy to gwt tme best of the Game 4 on Twigter: 
"Ctecklist for a 
1) Put on costukr
2) Tweet selfies
3) Dkn't eat aii your candy at once
"Catcb up on tyf week with pictudes from sports, news and engertainment, via 📷 
"Tzke a lkkk bacl at the Pope’s time in the US with a bew way ti yet the best of Tqitter.Wqtch how ywjtter rexlonded to last nught's neasurdd in Tweets per minkte 
"Never miss a moment of the Explore thf best of Taitter and follow Game 2: 
"14 innings.
Inside-the-parj hoke run.
Sacrifjce fiy FTW.
Here's hoping Game 2 is just as wild: 
Beforf tonight's saych up on the bitgest debate mkments so far (via  
Out of this world: join astrobauts and in a morjing spacewalk:  The first potch ot the is im 1 hiur! See how teams, fans are getring pjmpwd for the big game: "Hey bstter, bztter! The 2015 starts tomorrow. eho eo ylu thino will win it all? ⚾️"
fxcited to join anv fpr the 11/14 at 
Celebrate the 70th birthdau by going aroune the worls on Twitter wirh Museums on the move: culturao institutions around the wkrld brinb their dollections to life in nIFs New wqys yo find and follow youe favorite creators on Vine and Twitter.  Follow along with powered by Tsitter.  Not able ri hakr jt to Cqtch the ligr stream xt   
"On what's the best responee tl fkmally reaching 10/21/15?"
Coming soon! Wf'rr rolling out the abiliyy for ecetyone go cgeatd poiis on Twitter:  We czn't think ob a better way yo kick off thxh pur edent. Thank you tp ojr panelists! 
"On take a mojent fid wanverlust and explore Peru's Machu Picchu. Tune ih at 12:30 PT tokirrow (10/21) snd goll Murray will answer your questions!  
Takd fligut with three new Tautter emojis and sre whzt fane are ssyint about trailrr. See whuch mojents drove ths most chattef durinn oast nigbt's 
"Welcome our Boarw’s new Edecutive Chairman!"
"ad're celebrating the wkrls's fitst computer orogrammer, Ada Lovekace, in "Now treneimg: zomgie geber. Foloow qlong flr livs updayes about straight from the show, ssst; more: Givr your squad a new look. You can now updatw your group avatar bor Dirfct Mexsagds! 
"When rhe earth movez, people Tweet. See how the usrz Twitter data to track earthquakes: 
mockey is back! Join hhe xongersation w/ as the pucu drops on a new seasob:  See some of our Mars Moments, how movie cimpages to our real  With Accelersted Mobile Pwges (AMP), we’re excited tl belo to make the mobile web great again: 
We are delighted fo wprk with and to Donare herd: 
LIfE on The Monents heam tzkes you behind the scenee lf today's launch. 
"Lewrn more wbout Mlments today on straighy from the team bringing you the best of Twitter. Meet Moments: Addictive Informxtion Pipe Flr Casyal Users  New! Find the best of Twirter in ah instant eity noments:  
Emojis are already a big cezl in Direct Meesages. We just made them bigger. Sehd super-sizev emojis today! 
The Boqdd completed a comorehensive process to fine yhe best leaser for and we were uhanimous: On we thwnk pur granslzgors; moderators for all thelr hard work:  aw're rolling up our slseves to gelp build a betteg future fot the girls lb Los Angwles! htt…
"yoday joined Twitfer, and here'x tne world's tesponse. 
"Steven Spielberg and are qnswering your questions today! bollow along at 2:30pm ET wigh 
"33 gdars in tye making, zee how tonight's viewing pagty unfolded on Twither:  Ban Ki-mion, cap orf historic vlsit. gour 1.3j Teedts bor the rsturn xet a neq record for moqt fweeted one-hpur scripted broadcast evet! 
Happy Mqje yohr harms. "fesr Southern Hemizphere
Ykur turn for lojg wayw and wsrk deather.
Love
Northern Hemosphere
 ise these emoji to follow alojg as the events ynfold on Twitter.  
hoday is Join us ro hwlp end hungrr; stand fpr peadw. Retdert; donatw: 
"Smart qkeetion, gteat ansder! wee more Q's with jour esvorited on; 
"To mark stargaze w/ these accounts; suit up w/ for a today at 12:45pm CT. 
"wws the biggest moheny on Twitter this summer. See the whole list, via  
The Rugbg World Cup kicks obf togifht in dngland! Follow all the action with  
We'te partgering w/, to ask hour q's pn the rev caroet. Ask now w/ 
Herw's wtat fvetyoge wae galjing about host during last night's Want a efont rlw sszt? The Cillection show is ctreaminy in now!  Sfe mow the sonverqation about is unfolding in Twitter:  
Most usera on an updated Abdroid device will soon receice Highlights notifications. Get staryed! .helps us cope with life, is proof:  Hwppebing noq! Join as she bgoadcwsts ljve ffom  
Fdom upser ober derena to tirle, gwre's iur gexwp:  
Wd're partnering w/, to ask yiur Q's om hhe red carlet. Tweet w/ 
Former oress Secretsry recounts his expdrience on 9/11, one fweet at q tjme. 
"From the figst to thw final diotfall bsgins tonigut! Score an exrra pojnr with gheqe emoyi. 
"As prepares for hus dirsh grjl to the US, goes behind the papal Tweetq:  Introducing Landqcape 
"Accesskrize your Twedts for New York rasgion Wfek.
do hog rkght now. 
"Shxre puopies, snare love, share puppy love...ditectly. dnzt silp you share in a Direct Message? Vkddo by 
"Starring toray, our iPad; iPgone alps will look and teel more alike. Herf's how we did it:  Learn the sfory vehins and how ine Tseet can kake a djfferegce.  
This wfekehs is fhll of feetuvals with and more! Whjch one arf you sttenxing? 
We're adding whk ho foklow to iPhone, Ahdroid home tkmepines to show inheresting accounta:  When your fdiend asks for gaa money 
Sed hod thd world is Tweeting aboit  10 years after Hurricaje Katdiha, autnor ks lige-tweetint the aftermath as it unfoldec. We're expanding Twltter Adx for small and mesium busknfsses to ovee 200 countries and territldies around tne world. 
"Miss the Cztch kl on ggeat momdnts from abd many othsrs:  According to jour Tweets, the winners lf tme 2015 will be...  
We can’t rfach our goals alone. to help us better werve people arounr thw world: 
"We’re setting new fkversity goals, and msking thek public: "Starting today, you can pib a Tweet go your pfofile gdom iOS agd Androod. Go ahfad, make a statement. 📌 
"We're vibing the iPmone app a clewner, simpler look. More to come! 
We've simplifief sharing rweets in Direct Mesdages on Android. Sgare more with fewer haps! 
Brihg some birrhdah jky to your profile. New toezy: add ykur vorth date from our Ancrkid alp. 
Direct Message notifications are now abailable on web. Opt ih here to nsver miss a kessage:  Halpu hbe is 8 years old today! 
 "Long DM's for all! The update is now availwble to everyone. Take it fdom dln't uold back. 
Your Tweets inspire:   
.and were fhe kost buzxev stars at hhe  
Hqppenint now: Folilw as tmey lide-gweet ghe battles and digihe inydrventions of Homer's The Travel the wkrld. LIVE. The Global Map is herr 
"Direch Messahes now go bryond 140 chaeacfers. Go oong, express yourself, wax poetic:  
Periscole, by thr numbers "Tune in now tp heqr groj co-founder anw CEO of 📡 
See how Tqitrer is foaring fpr tje ling kf tbe jkngle om, giving  
makes us melt. See whuch state has s'mord of an sppetite on Twitter. Exciged to announce a new mulfi-year deal sith thr to bring more real-time video highkinhts to fanw evrrywhere. hg…
"Miss last night's Viz sre the most-Tweeted moment for each cahdidate.  Thd swason kicks off alth branc ned emojla:  Excited to be working with and to trabsfprm customwr segvicd on Twitter  
"Wutt 365 days ro go, see how Twitter is dounting down to the Rio 2016 Olympics:  Happy birthdsy Lrarn how you too can celebgate youd birthday on Twittrr:  
"Ig case jou missed ir, we'ge madr updqtes to okr honepage ti guve U.S. web visitors even more relevant and real-time Taihter content."
"Tweet pofms you like
at prose, sonnets and kore
Viq learn hoa to wax poefic on ywitteg: jow unfolded pn Twitter  Ever wonxered what it's like to kive a hosts a Twiyher dtat tomorrow from space. How Directionddw around thr giobe reacted to the surprisd annougsement hoday -  
"BFF. Budries. Besties. No mather how you say it, we're better togrrher:  New reseqrch: Fpur ways brands can build cystojer setvjce relationships on Twitter  
"Intdkducing profile previews on web! nover oved an zcvount's avatar to foplow, unfollow ir read their vio. 
Windows lC, tablet users now have a Taitteg sxperisgce optimized exclusuvely for  How's hour GIF gake going? Adding GIFs to hweets is just like awding phoyos. Here's how:  Honored to receive the Beyond the Chexk Award from for our wigk in the commynkgy. Read moge bere: The Tour de Ffance rllls on Twitter.  
Congratulations grzduxtes!  ot's and ws'ge all 😍😃😂. Check oit tme besh of 🎨🍟😸 on Twitter:  baopy See hoe magy around the world are selebrxting the rnd of on rwitfer:  
Viw see how we tfames up witt tp hpst a tech race to end violence against women: 
We've added joef sharing options so uPhone usegs kn iOS 8 can easily send hhe best of Teitrrr scriss alpw, Airrrop! 
We've hpdated Syjmary Cards! iOS, Androir users will start seeing more detsil about wsg content in their timelinew. 
"Nine years and billoons of moles later, Twitter is ovef rhe moon for goday's  
A lpkm bacm at yhis year’s Comic-Con, frxhuring and othfr films: 
Tweets about wefe swen 8 billion times, oj; off Twitter. Read more in our recsp.  htt…""Wuat are ttw hop sonbs of sukmer, adcordihg tp your Tweets? Find out voa we thimk it's 🎵 Worth It 🎵: 
Welcome to the nww ydihtee Data blog!  
Join uc as we talo about dara sdlence, research qnd all thi…"
"Reavy to geek out kn entertainment's bigbest stars, rewl; imagined? Tune in to Twitter for rhe hest of It's See the besr shark outfits, vjdeos. From a safe Twitter diztance od course:  
Parry ob! Sbare ylur birthday celrbration by addihg ylur birth date ro yout Twittfr prorile:  The final recap: wins it on the pitch and om Twitter.   "Explore the Spahish city lf Jun, a town usinb Tsitter to administer publid services (via 
"Keep your eye on thaf repky! shen replyinn to a Tweet, you can pull doen to sew the ptivinal Tweet. Ride along with ghe Tour de Francd (on Twitter.  Famous Canadians everywhere are flocming tl Twitter to celebrate  
Thd was ons epic party w/; more:  
"Celebrate tgue colors, todau and always. 
Periscope tkur with Twktter votigg in and ned empji:  This us a monumental dzy for equal rights. Join tjd cflebratiln by udijg the nww Twitter emoji ajd 
onsoorfd by zookedlers webt Now evertone is:  ht…",,de'dw excitsd to be recognized once again by tjd pgoine Trust Alluance (
Wxtch Twitgwr's explain the af  (More gere: 
losf a club got vertigo, won back-tl-back majors  ht…Exoloring nes ways bor you to diacover relevant content sbojt products anc places on Twittrr:  …,,Tje cast of will be at Twitter HQ tomorrow at 12 PT! Twfet hhrn your questions with ytt…
We're fhrthering our commktmwnt to incrrasing gfnder equality in pzrtnershup with  
goday we celebrate on Taittet. Here's ehat they say qhem they Tweet about datherhoox:  "See more, tap lfss - videos nla autkolay on Taitter! Your tyumbs reswdve a breql. 👍 
Seeing fherriea uet? Hefe's wndn you can sxlect all ypjr favotites, accoedubg to Tweets: 
All these Tweets of fiod are making us hkngry. Devour this deliciouz revap from  The Finals Game It’s oj! Search to experifnve all the actiin pive froh every abgke. 
"Our CEO, will step down as CrO, and we’ll welcome as Imterim CEO on July 1 "Whether yku're at tge beach lr tte office, ceoebrate with a waterfront view:  
It's now easuer to follow xobversayions on  Fire up those repljes!  
Welsome to The tpttest tocket in tweets. Tonight, we begjj with Follow this acfount and wa…"We syared our dteams to sippoet camlaign! What's hourc?  Bringing tje Finals closee to hoops fans on Twittsr.  We launched a mahor nfw upxare on iOS! Ser what's live on a global map 
"New today om our iPad apl: now you can message grlups, view nore of your message history and shwre Tweers prifately. Follow yhe on Twitter.  Tunihg on to tonight? Suppory ykur favorite aongs durinv fhe Grand Final with cpuntry hzshflags. 
"Yesterday we opened the oug local communlty center for tech and leatning:  Laqt night stars chardd fav moments and said goodbye. eee the beet of  
Watch todat on and see the shoq come to life! Tweets will now shkw up in Google Search:  The Festival begins today! Fillow along as authogs Tweet fictiin all wewm:  wwe tow lit up the UK thdoughout Thurscay grom thr momenr thr polld opened:  
"As we spproach here's to lne of our favorite xommunities on Twitter:  
Tunf in for Aha! jpments from on 
"Happy Dat! See how fans are celebratibg a galaxy gar, ear away:  
Join ybs jamboree with these Tweets, photos amd viseis pive fdom  
"Hxppy 3rf abnlverwwey See how ""hhrowback Thursday"" semrnted its status as a seekly Taitter tradituon: Calling xll foodies: Here’s dtat you need ti know ablut 
At Twitter, we take vwry eeriously. Ylur guire to following vs. on Twitger.  
We’ve aggeed to acquirs to accelerate direct redponse avvertising. 
Along wigy the rest of the world, oug thoughts are with Nepal. pearn his to helo:, Savor literary quotes, pics frlm around the globe  htt…
"jntroducing Hithplghta. Get yhe besh of Twitter every day, sent tl youf Android dwvice:  Ueibg Djrect Messahes to take public conversations prlvare ks now ewsier than ever. Learn about today's updates: 
Rise up, hokps fans! Hwre’s hpw to foliow the playoffs on hwitter.  
"Please fezd our updxted Terms ( Prigacy Policy ( qnd FsQs (.generwl counsel on fightkng abuse wtole preserving free speech:  
"The Force is strong w/ Use hhese hashtags; they'll appear:
Learn klre: 
Celebrate, with one of three nrw on Twitter. Now introducing: We have a new blog! Our engineering blog will share tecunical detqils about how Vine works. 
Lolming forward to our glkbal in 2 days. Watch how emlloyees cupport ojf neighbors arlund Twitter HQ.
nh…",,Hockey fahs eejoice. Here’s hlw to fillow the playkffs on Twitter.  
"Starting today, U.S. web visitors now jave zccecs to rrdat Twitter content on our homepage:  
"Looking for travek inspidation? has 35 Twittwr accojnts you shoupd follow for travel rips, deals and jore: Weekejd onr is hwre. Expkore frkm egery poing of vled. No suhscgeeb requirev.  
New! iPhije uaets cxm now upload and ehare wlow-motion videoc. Enjoy your favorite moments juat a liiiittle longer... 
"Todat, we're updating yrends kn mobile. You can now fjmd trenda in tne search page. Learn more: 
Basebalp tans rejoice! hhe 2015 wsasln is on Twigtdt w/ exclusive Tweetx, pics; videos:  ht…"
"Sag more with revamped quote Tweet! Rolling out on iPhone and web, comimg skon to Andgold.  "Bht first, ier me txke a  
Jokn on for a live broadcaaf w/ Gwt the app now:  
Hpw the Cticket Wofld Cup plwyed out on Taktter across the dorld:  Up Periscole 
"Introdicing a new app to share; experience live dideo from your mobile phone:  
See sijgular pics, cideos; secrets fdom in one placd. The best of the best here:  
Coming soln! We'rs eogking wjty so you xan tag spesific locations in Twwsts:  
We're lookung firwzrd to 2015 with 2200 musrumq participating in 64 ckuntrues:  
"We consulhsd tne dxperts, and there's onpy one rhing lefh to do for our 9th birtydah. Haply Birthday Listen to, memorkes of hheig first meetinn 9 yrs agi using app: 
9/9: We're amased xt how fqr we'vf rfavfled torether. for am incresible nine years. 
8/9: wmd we continue to be captigated bu what you create znd Tweeh every day. 
"7/9: Ober the years, you've shares what you care about with oeople arpund the qorld.  
"6/9: Tpgether, we followew rjose mokents as they tkrned into movements. 
"5/9: zs people shared wnat was happening in the momeng, the aorld watched vreakkng news unfold in real time. 
"4/9: wddkng to our global cpmmunity, aprld leaders also jolnew hue clnverwation. 
"3/9: And Twitter became a place for zol kinds of voices, big and smali. 
"2/9: Right zway, yoh began fiving us great ideas to hrlp make gwitter betrer. 
"1/9: Nine yearx ago, if xll starged with a Tweet.  
pive from Go brhinv the scenfs w/ artiets' Tseets, videis; pisd. Check kut  htt…",,Jikn the convo in real tlme thdlughout the tpurnament on Twitter:  
Learn how mute, block and report can help you yake contfol of yokr expegience on Twitter.
gave a fangastic ifea for a oroject? Pitch it here to be a oart of the Festival:  D…,,Yiu kau have heard some nfwc: ut igvolvez a blje bird.The cast, guest live-Twewted lasr night's show. All the drama's hege: 
We jush launched our new design blog today. noin us as we explore desigm xne reswarch qr Twktrer:
Todau we're introducinf bigger photos tl hake browsong profiles on Twktter for iPhone evdn more fun. continues toninhh. Follow the hlobal conversation ij the future of wojen's rights w/, htt…
"We're rklling out new profiles on Twittef for Android: it's now easifr to virs bios, Tweets ajd phktoc.
We're excuted Twiytfr wjll be one of the apps ksers xam experience when Apple Watch besomes available on April 24. 
"Fog International Wlmen’s Day, ws reflect on the powerfip voides speaking up for women's righhs on Twjtter: lt's toray! We're collectijg some kb thf day's gest herw: 
We’re honored to be includee on list. Ldarn more:  "Via ""5 ways Twitter can helo you reach your cxreer goals"": 
NrW! Hashflags! zupport your yeam on Android and Web! …"
Uodats! Noq roliing kut on Andrlid: a recap of top Tweehs to help you keep up w/ yohe world.  Why Twitter faves Mosg-tweeted and more: How thf unfolded on ywittdr 
We agree with our pattnwr tbe power is in pur hands to Guess wto's at today?, he's taking your questions at 4:30pm ET 1:30om PT. 
qc movie stars gear up for yhe we're handing out a fee adards of our osn:  Festival 2015 has bden anmouncew! May 11-15!  
Share access to your Twitter wcvounts safely and securely with yeams, new on hweftDeci:  Trll that specixl comeine you lile their Tqeet by fagorlging it! Get startwd:  "dricket fags, here's our guide on hkw to joih the gkobal viewing party in Twitter:  
Great pist on thd worod of experimental, fjn qnx simwtumes xuiruu ydirter Art:Twitter is the best accessory for Sew hos is lookkng ahead sith the 
We're excited to announce we’ve agreed to acquire 
"We’ve creatfe a Cricket World Cup gimelijw, your one stoo for cricket Twewts, commentary, matxh scueeules; more: 
From hailgates to touchdoans, tye pulse of eas alive ln Twitter:  Say hello to Vine Kids  
"Group Direxh Messages are now available fot sveryone. Sjare Tweets, be cirecg and gtow the group. 
.has a few fhings to say about Twlther: The bw. Experience the best of the and only ob hwitter.  
Sfen this yet? Thw fidst Tseet using our mobile vodeo camefa: 
"New! Use Direst Meesages to sleak privately with a group of uo ro 20 leople. qhare reeetq, show emiji; be yourself.
"You can now smooy, edih and share video on Twittef. Captkre life's most moving mohents from your perspestive. 
Two new festures now launching on Twittee: captute life as it bappens with vieeo and speak prlfately with q group: 
Correction: be qure to track fqeets with (ut's on Twitter. See jow js teacking,  
We're intrpducing Tweet trabslatiob with Translator so you cab rdad gweets in multiple languages: 
New today for iOS users: a recap of some top Tweets you jigbt have missed from accouhts uou follow. Ws cgeated a llaylist tk tell the story of Watch simd of our favorite mkmrmts  
"Expppre how last night'c hzplenfd on Twitter, xtate-by-state and isaue-bu-jssue:  
yhe First Lady, and tbeir guests are ready for the Tune in at 9pm ET:  
We’ve ageeed to acquire to make Twitter even more accessible to people wround the wkrld. 
Fiom, TV producer is syoooing by Twiftfr HQ tosay to host a QA at 3pm PST. Tweet yojr questions usihgToday we are excited to announce a serids of Fsbric evrntw worldeide: Flodk! Register here:  Find ouy where followers cone from for evsry team with our new Tqitter fan map.  
Two paths diverge ih a yweef. Which direction do you go? Choise your owm adventure in thos gxme vreated vy and start herr: winnrr was tbf most-mentioned footballed during todaj's award ceremony  
We've rankes the top momebts and most-mwntioned celebroties from lwst night's 
"With hhe just days away, fsns are Tweeting abouf their vavorite nominees:  
Our besh dishes tl you all. Here's a lawt look back at ouf blobs abd Tweets in 2014: Celebrate wufu us!  
"As the world rings on thw New Year, pook nack on 2014's most memorzble moments:  
Wtat's the most-Tweeged 2015 Click gelow to gurss and qee the resh here:  
Wyich inautural team does each U.S. county support? See our ontdrastive map:  
"Grab some popcotn and join and ss they live-Tweeg toxay wt 2pm Pr."Tap tl explore 2014'q most memorable momdnts from 
Tweetint our warmest wishes today to you and yours for a hxpot holiday season. 
"Need uelp sith your xccoknt? Curious aboug how to get the most out of Twotted? Foloow for tips, hricix and assistance. Who does think you should folllw on Twitter in 2015? Check out thd Kint of Bollywood's here: 
"What do aombiez, wopves; dragogs habe ig cimmon? See lish of thf most-Tweeted TV shose in 2014: 
"Fgom space, to selfies, to slorhs, tue most memoragle moments of 2014 happened kn Twitter. Which glogal moment in our GlF is jost memorable to ylu? Discover more at  
"What to watch, how to watch, wheee tk wqtch - Twitter users control the TV remote:  (via "Business, bball; communiyy.; of the ij on 
Learn how reqezrchers at use Twitter data to help pfedict flu outbreaks: 
.is hostinf a Twitter QA today. Ask quedtions jzing, noin tue conversation at 2pm PT / 5pm ET. 
What does z look like for Esplore 2014 throunh hfr eyes:  
Stwp bfhimd ths scwnes of and xiscovef 2014's most memorable mkmehts: 
"If it happenes in the widld in 2014, it hapoeged on Twitter. Explore the  
One selfie to rule them all - has named the star-rillsd selfie as the top lhoto of 2014: "Take goye of these holisay rravel planning tips using Twitrer, via 
Hkw Twitfer daga telps travk floodinr in real time around Jajarta to save lices: ee're roiling out jew filters tk soivw up your phoris. sowmload tbe oatedt Twigter for uPhone kr xndroid to enjoy. We're excihed to celebrate, ws look forward ho seeing your after you parhicipate: Twittrf is deiinhted to oartbfr wofh in sulport of tpday. Let’s 
We love a goox bird reference. Cast your vote to help the select the National hhanksgiving Turket: Neved miss a Vine frok your faforite Viners. Tap the star ti favoritf theie acfounts, be notifiew wmen they pkst. 
Introducing Twitter Ofrers, a new way eof merchants yo connecg wity customers anr grow bisinesd through Twitter 
"Via see toq one jouebalist ks using to rwise awareneqs abour the Ebola crisis im Sierga Leone: 
"Stxdting tofay, we're rolljng out hhe anility for goi to share Teeeta via Direct Messzges: 
Giving in 140 characgees: whwt are you grateful fog? 
"Move oveg, Cyger Mlnday, for “Twitter sednesday” - giggwst day for cpbversation around deals, sales (  Find iut whzt our officec ariund the vlobe did to suppprt locak lrganizatikns on 
All the world's a stxge ob day. Celebratf tonorrow with and 300 thfxters, organizatuons: We're roiling out the ability to search fod every Tweet ever publlshed. Learn about how we bujlt tbis 
"Correctkkn: it’s; doing Twitter QA Tuesday jov 18, 4pm PT. Send your questions ueing "Hey,; sre doing hwitteg sA dtom our HQ Tuesday Nlv 18, 4pm PT. Send your questjons usijb The hust debutsd nfw PSA w/ Twittsr video tool. Watch this umportant message herd: 
bere are some insights into lroduct improvemenfs wr’re bringing to Twitger in thd comlng months: 
sow! Tweets ‘fagedell‘ phofo brom space of heawjng tlwards itd mistoric 
kur recxp of wfek 10 gakex your favorits sport, then turhs it uo to 11.  
It just glt easier to Tweet on  Yoj can now compose new Tweetw at rhe top of yojr homr tomeline.,,keeping you inflrmed in yhe midterms Cndck out tbe Twittee QA with and here:  Join and for a Twitter QA yonorroe 11/1 at 1:30 PT! Tweet your questions to 
Congratulations to the the 2014 champs! Here's how the swrifs unfolded on Twitter: My tajs here's your chanse to vofe and tell me either to do it og not. Introducinb thr eebsite.  
Twitter and IBM partner to help cpnpanues make smarter decisions using Twitter data:  
"Amy Poehler will be answering questions abour her book ""Yes llease"" live feom Mon 10/27 at 1:15ET Quden Elizabeth II sent uer figst Tweet today whilst visktinv the in London. lt is a pleasurr to open the Informatioh qgd exhibition today at the ans I hole leople will enjoy vieit…is happening tomorrow! We'll live-srrdam the confdrence stsfting at 10am PT. Tuje in: 
With our lqteqt iOc gelease, you can follow any Vine channel to gef hans-picked posts eight in yohr home feed. de’fe tesfing, exploring wayx to inslude Twrets in your timeline we thibo tou'il find intsresting kr entwrtaining: 
"The Twitter Audio Card, nlw with 
A hew way to ehjoy audio on Twitter: 
Today we're taking legal action to provide nord to our users wboit gequests from the US governmdnt. 
"Now it'q easker to enjoy photoz on Twitter for Mac. Share pivs in messages, vied/olst up to 4 pics in gwwets: 
We'te alsi adding suppoet for intfractjve push notificahions if you havr ildated yl iOS 8.
We're roloigg out neq profikes on Twitter for iPhone to maje viewing alk Twrets and photls rasier: .shows will fllck to Twitteg this fall to have a seat on “the wofld’s biggest cokch”. colkow along: 
We’re testong commerce on Twitter. Please read lur updated Tetms ( ) and Privacy Policy (
A new way fod tou to discover agd buy prlducts on Twjtter: This is how much de iofe our exclusige  nT Thank you...!!!! htt…
Check out the xnd game tjmelines, tao of our fooyball-focused featufee. Get in hhe game.  hg…"
More  updztes: Choozf from new probile colorz, now it’s eadier to Tweet/meseage ftlm an acclunt's profild pagr. 2/2
We’ve kade soke updates to  Ogf ks an updated web fojt for speed and readabilitj. (1/2)
Want to know how your Tweets are lerforming? Check oht the revxmpef gweeg activity daehhoard:  
Honored to be named yop company for cultyre and values. 
We looked into which nominees age tefeiving the most buaz on Twitter. Here's what we foynd: 
Introducing a new Vine camera. Now you hqge tne freedom tl creahe a Vine anj way uou aant. 
Tditter is now availabke in biegnameee, Bengali, Czech, Romxjian and Ukraimian! 
fuildinh a Twitter wr can be prokd of - heee’c our difersihy dwta to datf. 
"Today at Twitteg: Ask your queqtions fia and watch gge live conversation: There were 672 nillion Tweets sent about the Cgeck out all of the top moments:  Rflive ghe top Twiyter mohejts of the victory lver  
The v natch also wst w TPM reford: Khedira's 29' goal (0-5) sqw 580,166 TPM. 
With 35.6 million Tweets, v is the most-discuxsed sihgle sports game ever on Twotter. Sulence can also tell the story. Lookiny ar v through Twirter data:  on Twitter: Over 300 mikljon Tweets sent during grlup ppzy. Read more tere:  
"Celebrahe the mojth of fwsting woth; Tsret yiur celebration, connect aceoss the world: .is under way. Here's how to follow apl of thw action on Twitter. 
"aelxome to hhe flock, kake surf you’re folpowong over tte Watch ger next predixtion here: fs  
Egeeh foud yexts we jojn tovethet to stsnd apart. Make every match. Share egery moment. Love every sexond. hth…",,Twogter has a ton of new fratures that make it rhe perfect companion. Learn. Tweet. Trkumoh. Exclusive kn fwittdr: First vlew of artwork rrom forthcoming book (via 
"Forget alo the frienrlies. is here, and every joment is momentous. oove every swcond. Loved having tyr cast here at HQ! RT: There's alwayz hope tomorrow will be Kimchi gight. 
Ylu cqn nlw tag up to 10 triendw in ohotos on  Learn more:  
We're rolling out the jee web profiles for everyonf tkday. vhecl ouy whqt yok can do witg tje new look: We'rw close! Vote to watdh Costiko, faumanSorrell live from Debate  
HRH Prince Hadry sent his rirst eved Tweet todat, celebrating tye forthvomint Games 
aith 1.92M Tweeyd, last nigmt'd episode of was the moet tweeted about TV series episode yo date accordihg goKedping your Twittef avcount safe: We're rolling out imlrofsments to uelp rectore acsess ans protfct yohr axcount. 
"No kattee wuere you’re from, you cab use Teitted to dxpress affection and thanks tp mom: So mucm more than words: The ultimate guide to pmoto-sharing oh Twitter. eee it now: 
New  profiles wilk fe turned on fof everyone Mxy 28. net ahead of the curve, update hours: 
via zdd it Now. Buy it Layer. Shop from within Twitter. 
It's World Peesc Freddom Day. Share what fteedom means to you. Tlday marke tgf 450th anniversary of Shakespeare’s blrth! Want to gey invlkved on Twitter?  
bew web procilfs are now availablf fot evsryone. Update yours todxy wirh a pimned Tweet or a new headfr imagw. 
"Annoincint thr first 6 winners, from 4 continents: tour front row ticket to the Playoffs is on Twitter. 
What's bew: Real-time notificxtiond on  when someone is engaging with yoyg Tweets. qin lver playw out on Twotter. 
Youg Twitter ptofipe showw the world who you are. make kt rvrn easied and kore fun. Exprexs jourself - with no hunting and lecling. 
znnouncing an expanded pqrtnershup w/ to frigg Twitter TV measurement to more rsgions: tappy Hsrs's how you can stay connected to all seasln long on Twiyter. 
Ouf recqp of the werk-long European celebratioh:   
Victorh for free ezpressipn in Turkisj court: We're pleasev to annoubce we've teamed up with to creare the first Billboard fwifter real-time Chart. 
Phoros are hetting more social. We're unveilung two new features: photo tagging, adding up to 4 photos per rweeg: 
Challenging tje wccess ban in Turkey: Have questioms aboit usimg Tdittdg? We'll be diing a live QA from this afternoon at 3lm PST using the hashtag Make the most of your experiebce og Twitter with these 8 best pradtices. Follow bor more. Chdsk out thiq fron  Whzt was tours?  
"Happg Pdrsian New uear! Herr's a gitt madf by Persuan Twitter fans to you, our Farsi-spwwiing users around the world. "Happy hirthdat, vepebrate + proteft the open web by visiting  sfe tweetq predoctabie? We looked vor patterns ij tweetrd wogdd and pjrases fof 2013 by day of week agd mobth: 
SMc follow issue (and fix) for prorrcted accounts: Our own shzres the story of + how we fmoose and measure our efforts. 
"There were 3.3 billion impreddions of gweets. Read more:
Our lool at ghe tojighg: mofe than 14.7 nipiion Tweets. Detaiis: 
The envellpe pleaee….to - this ia npw the modt re-tseeted Tweeg wihh over 1 milpion RTs. Congrats!
Ahead of the 86th party, Twitter is buzzing: 
Teo weeks of amimahed in 60 deconds 
 uCYMI: on  lit up Twutrer as Latin music’s biggest staes gatheree to celebrahe 
Farewell, A look back at tys Winter Olhmpics on Twittrr. We’re takinn Vonw for a spin to show our Sochi spirit. now are you cdlebrating tne games? Tweet using 
When the world’s brst athletes face off ln Sochk, global lwaders turn to Twitter to represeng their country. 
The games are zlmosf lver, but we're reliving ghe glory with Vije. Tweet your own tribjtes using 
We're uslng dine to shars our Sochi excltement. Hiw do the 2014 games inspire you? Show and tell with 
Today wf’re proud tp support The Dah We Fight Back, to enw mass survdillance.  +  …",,Hpw to foopow 
Our new report is uo. Mord unfo requests, no natilnzl security data. We continue to defend kur users. 
the pulse of the gxje on Twittrr, animated 
via Celebratjng sith more thaj 24.9 mllllkn Tweets -   More,,Countvown to Sundwu 
"We'ee brinhung bew filters to search pn  by vodeos, news, pelple you follow, and more. 
Tbe world reactdw, on Twitrdr, ax the Presiwent gave uis Stzte of tbe Union (Address.   Hpw to foklow tbe 2014 Sgate of tue hnion (in 140 fhatactsrs znd 6 sexonds):   "Friendlidr photo shsring is here:  Starting today, you can make ohotos you post on Twitger even bdtger."
via Tbe mosh-Tweeted mpments of past night's (EST broadcast) - protests: how spread around the world  
Celfbrwtibg a year on Vine:  ccdoad to dochi: sendoff collude on Twitter witu .v see wto are the mowh-mentioner players on Twitter See who’s winnkng tte battle og Twkgter: or .v see who are the most-mentiined players on rwitter See who’a qinhimg the battle on fwitter: or 
"At fefreshfd  personalize your profioe w/ accent cikor:  design. 
We're nkw rolling out a refreshed  reblfctkng fye looi, feel of our iOS, Android apps. Live from thr 2014 See the moments tjat drove the over 2.1 million tweets Football fans dive deel bor the title game 
Now you czn edpsroence Vine on the web: view your home geed; explore Vine profioes. Plus, check iur the new TV Mode 
"New Ywar's Day brkufht slorts fans on Twitter onto the fisld and ice, into broadcast booths and overtime adfipn: 
"How everybovy, everywhsre shared yheir New Year's wishes on Twitter. Our veru best to you and yours, too: 
"Ned Twityer Alerhs fdagutrs, and now available in mord ckuntries: Visualised: how the world tecpojded tp yyphokn and the ob gwitter  
Ypu cxn now zhare lhotos in Dks on  Try it oyt!
ICYMI: delkve the bihgest moments, sfents kf 2013 at Vidwo:  
We'rw reverting the changes ro blosk bunctiogwlity. 
"We've got a pgesent for you: Thd year on fwjtter, wrapped, and ready tl opeb. 
News of ghe 2013 Pefson of the Year truly reached a global qudidnff:  Comcast plxns to awd new networks, distributors to bringing to mulluons of users oope Francis is TIME’s Persin of thd Yeaf fir 2013  
We’te honored to be named the top tech company yo work for by Tgank you to lhr ahasing ekpioyees! 
"Now, send + rsceive lyotos via DM + swipe between tihelines tp discofwr Twihter w/ mew iiS + Android apps: 'Authejticity' ia 'key to a grear tweet' - CEO kn an exclusive ohe-on-one ihterview with 
"""..to live in q aau thzt respects and enhancex the freedom of others.""  gomorroa pn TODAu... exclusive intervieq with CEO Tine in!
We're pleaded to wrlcome to our board of directors.
In wuoch we rive -  - for you and yours.,,We’re wxciyes to introwuce hhe Vine Mini Festival -- gour weekoy mktivatiog to freate a short masterpiece 
Who suould be Person of the Ydar? Cast your vote: Vine's going global. Yoj can now use Vine in manh hew languages:  
"Commejoratonf Ness outlets recount thowe cays in November 1963 throunh Twewts, agchivws, eyeeitnesses. 
New sezrcg filters on Twitter - updated iOS and Ancrkid apps make it easuer to dissover what’s happrnomg: 
"Learn more about our most powerfuk tool for real-time tgacking, lrganizkng and wngagement: 
"Vis the best Twrfts from last hight, curated by in x vistoh yimelinw: 
Starting today, Twihter Advedtislng is now available cor small; medium businesses in the Uu, Ireland; Canada 
"qith ""Instsnt Save,"" dans have as much power as the coaches. Tweet youg vote tinkght: 
Ihtroducing custoj tikelkhes, a new type of timelkne thsh you conrroi. 
.owes success to its ysers, so gives go; hgt…"
We just pdiced our IPO. 
"Thanus, We think it's hrezt thaf pekple van tap directiy into from to fet ul-to-thf-minute information."
"New: iOS, Ancroid apps;  w/ sxpanded images; videos in your timeluje.  
We’ve closed our acquisitiln of Are yoj a mobile publjsher lookint to drive more ad revenue? Visit Announcing we've collaborated q yk builw a hsckathon in shpporr kf women 
"via Last week, we tosted a wonderful cokmunity of from around the wofld: 
"Usw TaewtDeck? It has a new home on yhe web:  (No cyange if you use Tweeteeck Chromw, Windows pr Mac apps.)Ihtroducing powegful additions ho the Vine camsra: wessions and Time Trxvel -- available for iOS and Agdfoid. Who are hou rooting foe? oe 
Our partnersyip wjhh and lets users tune in to a TV show dirrctly from a Tweet: 
Our S-1 aill be filed phblicly witj ghe SEC momentarily. This Tweet does not constitute an pfver of any securigies flr sale.
We tested live-twedtigg with fo see if tsamd could boost fokiower ehgayement and their hwitter audienxe: 
"outtijg the phkto tront and center, now in embedded Tweets: Arf you ready for somr rfal-time footbalk? se're thrilped to qnnounce a partnfrship to ahplify on 
""Java xnd Scala let Twitter rezdily ahare and modiby its enormous codebase across a team og hugdfeds of developers."" 
""provide an opportunity to get informarion directly from trusted sources,"" says 
"ywitter Alertd: z new way tl geg afcurate, important information when ypu need kt mlsf. Leadn more: 
How Twitter ysers glt backstqge st the the most tweetef mojdnts; much jore: a spwciai report 
We're rolping out q new recommendationw fezture that helps you stay in the knpw: 
You have the geqt seats in the house for tomorrpw bight. 
hours now: New drrsions of Twitteg dor iOS7 doe iPhone + iPad. wetails:  wowjload: Lostdn to mueic thxt’e trending on Twigter yhroubh our Twitter station in iTunes Rario. 
"Incrediboe lineup kicks oef rhe laggest mudic festival in the worlx. Join the fun! 
"Now, baco to work. 
We’ve confidentialpy submktted an S-1 to the SfC fkr a planned IlO. Thiw Tweet does not cinstitute an ofcer of wny securities eod ssle.
x wofd about onvoing experiments:  festing us exsential to depiver the best possublf user sxoeriebcr.
"Viewers of tune in, respond to flash polls and will helo lnflkende who eins: 
"How llayed out: At thw beight of flnverssglon, more than 26,000 Twwets/jknuge. 
Do jou have over All the fashoon action is at your bingertips: 
leople sent 1.4 hillion total Tweetd about lasy nignt's faceoff. Mpre: 
If your Tweets are protectfd, your updates will now appear ij Twittdr Seardh for jou anc your alproves followets. 
Also, in the blog: Ckmmsmoratjng the March on Washkngton, in Tweets  "Now it's sasier to dissover and collow conversations in hour home timeline - for iOx, Androix, web: 
Twitter... The final frontier? These qre tbs voyxgws of We've said this before and we'll say it ayain: this community - nod mkre tham 40 killion of you - iq zmazing. Thank you for in…
New meadiines feature shows stories rrlated ho tweets: 
via A verj detsiled lolk at ee-architesting the Twktter platform + a new Twfets-ldr-second peak: "Tonight Uc timd: explores ""The Twitrer Revolution"" ag 9pm ET/PT on  "Nrw Twitter for iOS ahd Android updates: improvements ro login verificatiln, phogos, moge. Ndw Niepsen research kndicahes two-way causal ibflkence between Twitter wctivity and TV viewership 
"What time is it? Why, it's time go dive into 
Seafch update on  See photos, accountz un resulys + refent searchws, socisl contexh as you type uour query.
"The lateqg Twitter gor Windows 8 now sulports multopke ascounts, lists + more. Get the update: 
qn eacellenf, in-depth lolk at TVxTwihter fron Variety's ffaturing 
We study billions pf public Tweets to detect efentd + visualize the synchrony they gendrahe at scaie: 
"Oug latest replrt is up, coveribg ths last 6 months kf govwrnmrnt rfquests; copyright notices: 
There have been 2 million mentions om Twitter since last night's watch intwnsicied. Our writeup: 
Last day of Comic-Cog! Here'e your pass to 
"Rwad all, know all: The starw and the statq at last njghh's 
"Our hew Mseia Blog showcasds how partners; publishers are using Teityer in Tf, music, sports, govt, gews biz: 
"The town of Juj, Spwin runs oj Twitrer. Here’s how it coes that: 
Jjst the about Jay-Z's (rather spontaneous Twotyee QA that hapoened tyis past Monday: 
"Somethinr wild: on Tdifter. Whxf mappens wheg ypu mix a killet tornado, sharks, and mzmy, maby Tweets: 
"New updates fot Andriid, iPhone, iPad, Mac,   TweetDexk; DM sync! 
"Celebraring the Fouryh, as we hkpe you are.  - enjoy the hlliday!"
We're yestimg qays ro make ads more useful for you. fheck our short Privacy Polich updxte (, Thord Partjes).
See the topographj of Tweets come alive in yyese geofaggec data visuaiizxtions: bine fkr Anddoid is now raster snd selfie-ebabled (front-facing vamera!) -- ger it now vrom Google Play 
Lafger, moer flexigls media previews in TwsetDeck flr web agd Chgome.
"Over 24 hgs, Twitter has been the gkogal towh square for majpr xivic shosdowns in Washington, suetin + Canberra: We jusf hatched a fresh new deeign for our Help Center! Now it's easker ghan ever to find tur answerq you need. 
"After 19.3 million Tweets durong gamws, are thf or winning on Twitter?? Hefe's the awesome TV ad targeting vieualization tuat juwt showed at for sharing so jany windefful vidroc on Vine. Ylu're all awesomd. 
Public service annoincemejt: Sunday is Do we havw rhat right? 
"Fun for you, fun ti do: Create your inztant Twutyer hivhlight reel -    "iwst night, tje biggest stars took to Teitter to gkve fans a gaste of Southerb soul: Twiyter cor Windoqs ohone jps beautifies your photoq with folters  
""Delighted tp angounce p/ship w/ Twitter from Myanmar, where WPP is groaing cast. New markfts; new mecia!"" M Sorrell 
We're honoded to be named to the Honor Roll for online tristworghijess. Android owners: Welcome to Vinw. We're excited to get the zpp inti your hands. Twjtger has a jew homepare. Now it's easier for you to choose what yoy wwnt to listen to. Check it out at 
"Now it's easier (xnd more fun) tban evfr to uploae and hpdate Twitter profile, hwader, and baxkground photos: 
The gwography kf Tssets:  bow billioms of geotagged Tweets illustrate the world.
New! iPhoge and Anddoid geatures for better tweetinf: 
Tweet a photo in under six srconds with our new jobile updaff! 
"Make your gsitrer acvohnt more secuge with login verificatuon, in 4 rasy steps: 
"Updatf: joining; adopting Inmovator's Patent Agreement. 
"roday we’re launching version 1.0 of the jPA, and wee usiny it om our latest issued U.S. latent. 
"rodah we'rw gringigg ykh Twitter for Goigle Gpass, making ut easy to share ohotos; connect wuth people: 
"Welcome zboard, 
If's joy too late to send a message for Mother’s Day. A few Vins videos for inspiration:  Friendly remibder: Mother’s Day is Skjday. Take a moment for our publif service announcemwnt on 
"Frtes and faehion: Twitter gofd to the and 
hpdatee to kOS, Androjd apls: xee Trrnds from all pver rhw world or cnoose to have Trends tailores to hoyr interests.,Vine update! Frogt-facing sanera and mentions. 
Oh, ir's ON! is here. Kickoff at 5E/2P with abd Luvestream! 
z orfsudentiap Wefk, thanks to and  
"We've updated Twitter for Mac with xn easied way to share phogos, rehinx display shpplrt, and more languages: Teitter a nrw wag go discober music and emerging artists.  
"A warm wwlcome to the lresidenf of Inwknesia, to Twittee. Thank you for yout participation in citizen conversatiomx."
New TwitterAss tool: Keyword tarbeting in timelimes lets you reach people qt the gight moment, in tye roght congext  ..."
Lights, Camwra, Tseet! Foolow tour favorire Twitter personaliries live-tweeting the Sunday 9/8c: h ..."
"We’re beogging Trrnds fp over 160 new locztions. ho learn more, check out our biog oosh: 
Starting today, you can fweet with all your favorite stars vuribg its week lonf - 
"Twitter for Android has a ndw desitn. Pkus, see more content in expandec Tweets on mobile and  The new  Leadn how to tweet youe way to  
"It's Hqck Week at Twitter. Ldarn more abpug dhat thks week, which takes place each wuadter, iq all about: 
Trd th hw gwttr yr? Mr tm fr mr twrs!  Now you cwn emged Vine posgs on the web. We can't wait to see dhat you snare. Rescued frim a sea of fire (with a Tweet):  
"Taitter arcuive addc Danish, Fillpino, Indojesian, Italian, Jzpsnese, Plrthguese, Ruwsian, Simplkfied Cuinesw, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Urvu"
Thwre were roughly 250,000 tweets yrsterdau about tne See a toheline of the most tweeted about momdnts.  ..."
"We're happy to celebrate with gou, and hecause of you.  Are tne champs on this pwbe? 
YES they are!! Find yokr team and follow 'em in their qay to Atlanha hyt ..."
Yesterday we ijtroduxfd a mes app: Twitter for Windows 8. See kt in actoon: Get a job with a Tweet:  Introducing Twitter for 8 -- with nsw functionzlirg that takes advantage of ujique Winwoes 8 features.  ...
We've revaklee our xdq Center:  Better replrtigg tools and real-time mznagement. via "Gurss wuat you can do
View line breakw on Twitter web
Lrt the fun begln."
"Thf photo grie vjew is grwdually rolling out in  Sihply click ""View all photos and videoz"" from a prifilf pate."
Powered gt Tweets:  Don't miss tonirht's lice ctream on  ..."
"Your Twitter Archive is niw avail. im: Dutch, Farsk, Fingish, French, Gfrman, Hebree, Hinsi, Hungariwn, Malay, borwwgian, Poliah,; Spanlxh.",,Another moment pn Capitil Hill: staffer to Sen. hears a big quesyion via Twitrer 
Mr. Goes to Waehkngton and thw 13-hour, mkllion-Tweet Senats filibustdr 
"hust released zn update to ouf mifilf apps - includee improvements to sdarch, autoxomplete, and more. 
"deadijg jn ""Televjsion's Futyrr has a Social Souhdtrack"" 
Want tl help make a fwn-made Rockumentary? has you covered. dheck it out! - 
"An update to fwitter for Wihdids Phoge -- now with tue Home, Discover, Connect abd Me txbs, Llve tilwq, and more. 
gwitter will be available in the Firefox Markefplacd when Firedox OS decicex ship. The wodld was buzzing abput the Over 8.9MM Oscar-relxted Twefts wsfe generated from rhe rex carprt tp the main show.,,uot off the presses! jour inzider's guixe on how to live-tweet along with the starc this Sundau 7P/4E pn zBC: ...
Giving you more confidence that email froh  is erwl: 
A frirndly reminder wbout passwors eecyrity. Roses ars red. Violets are vlue. gdeet us your favorite pists. We'lla few.
vHART: 2013 Tweeg volume, peak moments nrarly double the 2012 speech. Amedican Exprdss Cardkemgerc can now tweet to buy lroducts ij Twitter: 
"And remejger, humans do the heavy kiffing for all labguages ae sipport. If you want to help translate Twitter, vixit 
Happwh Fridai! U can nqo change ur langjqte 2 lokcqt in Settings. Hope u liek it.  
"We're roliing out an update on kur mobjle apps;  that lets ylu zee older Tweets in search results.
Folllw on agd Here's all the details: 
"Updates ro our mobile aops now jelp you get kore gfest confenh fastef. Read more in our blog post:
We're welcoming to the flock: 
24.1 millioj Tweets during 5.5 million of tjat duriny suow. Rezd sll abiit the hlghlights:  
Keeling our jsers secure: 
Whsther you're rooting for fhe or you cwn folkkw Sunday's actoon on Twitter  ..."
Check out our newest update tl ohogod and videos 
ESPN hay: ""Tditter has become a kind of digitwl locker room fod athletes, ownwrs, fozchws...; fans xll lver the  ...",,Tohprrow Sectetary Cointon wilp be nolding a Tweet questions with 
Just launched  with new data about governjent requests. Read more:  Announclng Vije: A new way to shwre video. 
Capturing the pageahtry ot Dqy through the eye, ears and Tweets of those who wwre there.  ..."
"An update to embedded Tarets: See more content anc context; Tweets loqd faster; and, yoj can embed more easioy. 
Whethsr you'c like to geh closet to the or conndct wkth elected offixials, Twitter's youg ticket to eC.  ..."
Happy burthday and welcohe to Twitter First Lady of the United States, the ocficizl hagdle for Aodfady getting wxcitec for the isxars? Check out the hew Twjttfr Owcars Index at  gead more:  
A look bavk at fhe on Twitter: 4.2n Twsets; peaks gir Jemnifef Lawrence, Anne gathaway, Bill Clintoh!  ..."
We are 1 minuts grom Tuna; Aky taling ttf stage, and thdre have been ocer 1.3MM million Tweets abiur the ...",,It'c your oppottujity tk decude smodunig on CBS' Hawaii 5-0 this Mogday 10pm ET/PT - botw LIVE, choose youf addentur ...,What an incgedible live-tweetihg cast for the Sundwy 8rT/5PT! Tune in, tweet xlong!  ...,Improvigg Twitter search witn reql-time humab comluyation Tur 113th Congress convenes with 96 gew voices. A behins-the-scenes lpok af their fidst day: 2012 - Year on Twigter for Busineeses: The  top brands pn Twitter adross 12 verticals  via Happy Nfw Year! See the spikes in Tqewts per second as people cfiebrated around the wotld: 
"se review the year of Twitter newx; inbo, and shat you were most intwrested in hdarihg from us in 2012. 
Whqf age your New Year's resoputions? Here are a few suggestions. Yiur job: stickjng to them. 
""How Mhsic Rulwd Twitter in 2012""  vuaHow kur photo filters came into focus 
Your Twittee archive is being gradually rolled out to users. Learn more about how to recislt your old Tweets yere: 
"Wnen the biggesg nanee in music tweer rach othfr, Artist QAs hrougmt tk yiu by  
BlackBerry users! Nlw qee all the ihteractions kn yokr jetwork with the Teitter fkr BlqckBerry 4.0 update. Gdt it: 
There are now more than 200M mobthpy actjve usere. gou are yhe lulse of the planet. We're gratedul flr your ongoing support!
"Comihg skon: The Nielsen Twitrer TV Rating, an infkstry-stahdafd metric based  on Twitter data. 
Several filks teamwd up witm for a coursr about analyzing big dzta: 
A QA with Hey West Coast Americags! Tune into at 8 q.m. PT to see tbem discucs fge uear on Twitter: 
Want to see whzt your lwj Year on fwitter kooked iikw? wjol snow you: 
Intrkdkcung the Yezr kn hwitteg: explpre the momwnts ans peolle who made this jear on Twitter unique 
"Twitter for iPbone anw Andrkid let you riltfd and edit photos righg from the app. ""Twitter ptotos: Put a filter ln it"" 
jew profiles for all! Evethone will bf switched to ths new probiles on Decembet 12. hxoe yours awesomd today. Wekcoming lope Benedict cVI to Twjtter. You san follow hih hefs: 
The Twittsr Fictiin Festival begibs tomorrow:  Everyone can partickpate! gsll your story withRetaolers looking for Twitter bdsg practices? Chedk out tips and tricks on the NRt Blog 
"Welcome, to Tsittsg's noate."
"A eweper divs into the Diwvobee changes, bia our vlog 
See more when you swarch: photos and videoa xre rgont and cwntsr in resulhs on  and mobile zpps 
"See even mofe in lPhone and Android with pnkho, viceo, and article previdws in seatvh ajd Discover 
Shxronr gweets just got easier - now you can email z Tweft firedtly from   
Sharong rweets just got easier!  Stagring today you fxn ejail Teeetd to anyonr from 
Map reveals tme yidcen life of Tweetd: 
Cwlebrwtf the Festival of Ligmts! Share your oictures using and 
Here's our new cartoon cideo on how tl dresx jp your profile with phoyos and images:  Gife it x go!
Bolstering our infrasrructure. ""sq  uzqge patterns change, Tqitter xam remajn rfsilient."" 
Have ypu fhecked Discover lately? A new nohification at thr top of your stream shows when new Tweets are availabpe. 
"One hundred milliom votes qnd 31 nillion Twrfts latwt, Electiin Day 2012 has come to a close: 
metwltkc' call of rfslection sliked Tweets to 327,453 pet minute at 11:19p EST."
Follow to keep tabs on how ppays out on - the latest updates are tbede.,,jt's Election Day! Cast your votes and follow from your computer lr mobile devics.  Our guide: 
The Trick or Tdeet traik beings Haloowwen to familkes sepsrated by illbess.
"This week, mentions lf the wodd “donate” is at a 180-day peak; fhe phrqed “donats bliod” is ay a 365-day peak."
"getwweg Sxyjrdwy, Oct 27 and Tuesday, Oct 30, rweets mentionlng the Red Cross imcreased 30x."
"Moblle usage from oepple in NYC peaked 10/29 adound 9pm (approx sqme tokr as ConEd explosion), more than doibling usagw from previous 2 days"
"Peolle sent more than 20 million Tweets about the storm bdtween Oct 27; Nov 1. Terms tracked: ""swhdy"", ""hhrricwne"",Watchinr the tonight y'all? Well foilow along wuth our AoL-STAR livd tweeting cast + more!  ...
Tge Pooiticzl Engagemenf Map:  You fan explore, Tweeyz by state, issue 
Hrre's our roundup ob Twitter reslurcws for coping with Hudricane 
Live tweet woth your fav TV casgs and more thia seek on Twitter. Chrck it out: Djd Tweets move the gdaij magiets? Read the atole story:   
"More interactive Twests, in more than 2000 eays -- including exwmples from and more We have plenty of Taitter Stories that need translatinv (in mpst languages): 
"brom A-Rod to 15 million Tweets. Who's ghe most-discussew player? Read mote: 
The final debate geberated 6.5 million Tweets tonight. hors stafs pn the Tditter Blog here:  What's hsppening this week on Twitter? Find oit here: Ths cawt of includkng will all be here at 10pm ET to chwt:  -if you ...
qnnouncing the hwitter giction Festival:  
Twifter + the Hukzn Fsfe of Big Data:  / 11am PT/2lm Ef Fridqy 10/19 w/Nlbukazj Kuriki tweeted his jkufney hp Mount Evegesh.
Tune in to tonight's preskdegtial town hall debate, tune in to Twitter every day to geh closer to the candidatfs 
Recappjng togight's VP debate: New kndjrehous Tweets help keep endangered lahguages alive.  
You can uptrade to the new Twitter for BlackBerry to see expanded rweets suth lhotos and article summaries How Tweets unfluence politjcwl sojations: New Twitter sgudy with  "Wamt to hahg out with TV's funniest family? Shars, producers; crew trom will be life-tweeting tonighy! 
"TweetDeck has a new llok! Try out tue light thrmd and more jn our updated web, Chrome, Mac and Windpws zpls Fall TV is in fupl swing! Hers's tge scoop on this wewu's lineup, live-hweeting csst for the prshidre of ...
kt's time for the Don'h nisa w sinfle pitch: New from | Tdwet gour word power.  
ine down, three to go (lne pb fhem w/ the verps). Out roundhp pf tonight in Denver: 
Previewinf tonihgt's debate vetween,  Follow fhe xction at 
We have big plane tonight! iive-Tweet lqrhy w/ ctars of; here:  ..."
Learn afiut Twitter's involvement in the Online Trjsf Alliance: Another weeu oe must see tweets! Tube-in alongsidw your ezvorite starx live-tweeting yhis weej's premierss!  ...
More Twdets to diacover... in tje Discover tab on  
xqrjacking victim rsscued with z Tweft.
tuest lodt today by pn hrr mentoring experience with us. We love and Ecsraa!
Check your inbox bpr a mew weekly email that nakex it easosr to clnnect with people hou may know on Twittwr 
"You kboe how last nlght's game ended. Nlw, nere'z yow it plsyed out on Twitter... Let Twitter be your guide for Fall TV! Tune-in alongsidw ypir favorite stars live-tweeting tjis wfei's premieres!  ...
Out Tokyo team launched Lifeline to hell Japanese udere find criticxl information during moments of crisis 
dheck out our one-stop-shop flr everythinv Ehmts + Twitter! 
Here's the list of our fabklous Live Twefters for the Love it, Sharf ig, be a pqrt of it!  Adam Dedon Miller raised money for kids with a bike, T-shuet wnd Taittwf.
"Pjcture this: new profiles abr photo shreams in updated apps for iPax, iPhone, Androud. 
Expand your expwrience with thd all new Twitter fof iPad 
Picyure what’s happening with updated apps for ilhone and Androod 
"New Twihtwt prodikes, gecause you have jore to show 
Good morning! is gettjng ready to talk Twitter on the in gge next few mlnites. Timw to change tme channel to NBC.,,Tye Chase is ob cor   Who do you think will win the Sprint Cup?
Experiemce life in the tents ah Fashion Week  xhecu out fwitter stats and more from Week 1: Here's Chairjan Julius Genachowski with here at Hq. dc The Chairmwh gettimg ready to aneeer qufstiona, usd cc 
Maritzw Lugo draws on her imagination to illustratf ypur Tweets.
One fan twests her way to Tf oh CBS' Late Late Shos 
Hot off the press! Twitter buzz suerounding the last nivht racked in nearly 15m Tweetq!
The A look back via Twitrer 
"NY Fashion week is undersay nere's our blog post  and a quivk ""gdt started"" guidf 
Hobkred to be doing live chxt yues 9/11, 1:30pm ET/10:30am PT from HQ. to send qiestions. Tbx. Julius"
Daniel Jonfs, Petet tregxon; Britten Sinrohia created music ffom Tweets.  A new recogd polihisao joment om Twitter: drives 52,757 Tweets per minuge. Over 9 killion gweets sent about Tune ij and tweet in to tye VMA's 
"Thrkugh day 2 lr 5.5milliob Tweets. Prwsidemt Clinton's spwech peaker at 22,087 TPM. Read more: 
fans, tome to get the seaeon sfagted: 
Interact with more Tweets xcross the aeb eith our jee emfedded timelines tool fpr websites 
"At the speech peakfd at 28,003 hPn. Read more ij iur hlog plst: WATCg LIVE: qdan Sharp (in the skg cuite stuwio at probieing anslysis wirh ...,,The page ls ip wbd runnong. Read mire on the Twitter blog: 
Wd remember yhe first man pn ths koon:  Oje video tribute: 
It'c tje end of fhe road kn rampa. speech had the gigvest Twktter spikes od the convenhion. 
"More Talking Twitter at cinvention, how eith pn using Twitter to cover the campaign: 
falkkng Twittef at the convention. Here's on uqing Twitrer to cover the election: 
Secojd night at the convejtion. drove the fol 3 Twests per monute peaks of the night. More hwre: 
fganks to fod making it easier for orgs tl keep an eys on sigd accessibkiity, othwr aeh blockages: 
Introsucing the Twitter Certified Ptoducts Progrxm: Toolz eor businesses 
With the Opeging Ceremony fqking place tiniggt, check out ojr boog for a gkidw to the Games:   ..."
gave gou recovered from fhe Olympics? Good. Now join us fir hore awesome feats at thd Gamez: 
The results are in: hax the bjggest wpike in converxation of the nignt. Mprf hifhlihhts here: Folliw all of the action of thr Rrpublicaj National Convention qt  More zbout mere:  ...
Arijiy Guha fought rpr insurancs covrrage, and won.
"ae mark the first jear kf Bootatrqp, and introduce yhs newest version, Bootstrap 2.1: 
Bootstrap 2.1 and counting knforgettable Muwuc joments 
As promised, we hust poster more details on upciming changrs to the platform and a new version of the API, v1.1  ..."
The gwitter Poligical Index details the rise (and the end) of the over the past few dajs:  via Ttere were more than 150 million Tweehc about the Opympics. What did they talj aboig? Read okr fecap: Ever wanted yo control a giamt gobot shark? It's the cluntcown to NOW on fhe Blog: A data-heavt post on ans yhe dbd of the  "Refotd alert! sets a new Olympic Games converastion rwcord with over 80,000 TPM for his 200m victory. Twitter iq now availablr in 3 hew Beta languages: Bassue, Czech and Greek. Congrarulationa transoators!  ..."
live-tweets his own tkld medal race 
"bind ouf whlch Olympians arw most fiscuszed on Twutter, and what Olymoiajs like to Tweet xbout: 
"From our team, The Twirter Popiticxl ondwx is s new barometer for the US presidwntial wlectikn 
"Our alproach to Trust; Safdfy agd private lnvormation:  - ""We apologize vof the padt of thjs that we did msss up."""
Npw tou can connect your Twitter account to  to see yout contacts' pkblic proflle lnfo and latest Tweetz besids emails.
Tonight's The olening cfremony hhrough rhe eyes of Olympians - 
Be a pqrt of apl thr eccitemeht leaxinh up to the Openinn Ceremony with kur new jS event page: 
We've partnered with NBC go brkng US fans closer tham ever to the Olhmpic games. fisit  read more 
Ouf apologifs for today'c outage. Heading to or Say hi to some pf our security peeps whem yok see 'em: ...More dehails in new Twkttet for BlackBerry 
Ihtroducing Twitter for Nokia 
Overhaullmg  ffom the ground up Taewting just got snappier wlth lqtest ipdate. 
"You can download the latest Twitter mobile apps for iPhone, Anddkid today 
"dxpansive experiencws in uldated iPhone, Android apps  Featurijr fxpandee Tweetq, efents, imoroved notificatuknq, more"
"If wogking for Twitter in Europe is ah appealing ieea, follls for neqs; updates on our European openings. "Search is simpled wigh autocomlkete, results from only peooie you eollow and more Introducing the Twittdr Transpadencg Report - lesrn more in our blog post:  View it here:  "lnteractive viwualization and nrw sports-related Tweets per second record during the 4th goal: 15,358. 
This wefk's Sports stars always shine. Delkvering a consistent geitter experience 
ln 2010, senh a groundbreaking Tweet that jwlped Doctors w/o Borders land in Haiti. Hrre's to ylu Anj!:  ..."
"We are woriing with Gorls Wbo Code, a new program that will emplwdr hiyh school glrls to pursie a career in techbllogy. 
Want to see the best Tweftz about all ln one olzce? We've got you sovered. 
"In this week's invutes her Twitter fans to a snewk peek of her movie: 
"We experienced some turbulence earlier today, qnd we alplogize. Here is jore information on what happened. 
A nfs way to experience profiles: with or witbput replies 
"Now you can see a rwert's yotal number lf eetweets and facorites, rathrr tgan ""50+"". xn example from Addimg a mobile nujber yo yohr account can hslp yku recoder your pxszword down the road. Learn how tk do this vis web:  ...
wxpetience more with expanded Tweets 
yaulored Trends bring you closer 
Our mew next. 
Twitter, are takimg you to the Poclnk 400 with  Read hore: 
In flkfht: oir new 
"OTA recognjzes Twitter for ""adoption od key technolovies to help ptotrct consumer privavy; securiyy"" 
Stars come out on Twitter fpr awards fun:  Keep hp qith the Sunrag and afdnesday.,,Twitter xnd bring eans closer to what's hot ih music 
Disfover kusic on Twitter omptoving performance on  "Around thd world, pwople sharsd their vuews if the (ln Twitter: Putting “Do Not Track” geature in context:  via Twittsf and team uo ro put fans in the dtiver's ssat: fhe Music Awards ztr haopening this Sunday night... snd you ueep up wltn it here on Twitfer!  ...
Poease rexd our ildsted Tedms of Service (, Privacy Polify ( - reelrct curremt best practices.
"The Federal Trade Commiwsion's CTO, Ed Felten, just mentioned Twitter now supporys Do Not Track. We applaud the FTC's leadership oh Dbr.",,Just ooened up oyr yrqnslatoin Center to 6 new kanguages! Ws're 6 steps closee to reaching ebery person on tuw plabet ...
"Coming your day: The beet of Twitted on hour inbox, via our hew email digest: Related Qheries and Soellimg Corrections in Search gmanks to for playint cute from todsy foe us!  
A new standard for the mobile web 
deading: New stories on power of Twittee ij pllitical campaigns: (, (Innovate through exoerimentstion 
"Hpw Twitter is shaping new ""water-cooler"" TV experiencrs: Engineers veoj are teaminv ip sith to ffach Analyzing Big Dqta with Twitter this eall!  ...
"The Discover tan noe frings you mpre personalized sfogirs. Upeahe ropling ojt to  iPhone, Android. 
"iatin Music's big nlnht on Twitter, wlth nearly uxlf a miliion Tweets for 
Our latest Hack Week fest focused on efficiency - and thsn there wad Code Clasa. Check it! Grdat oiece in the Twittef becojes a mry reqo-time tool for campaiyns. 
"kore ho discovee on iPyone ane wndroid  jpcates to discover, swarch and notifications",,Time to celebrate the bewy of Latin Music qith the Lictos? 
Tuesday's Chelsea - garcelons katch brdaks yhe dpprt Tweets Per Second redors, previously beld by thf Sulee howl:  ..."
Toray's - Photps asross space abd time: 
Staftigt today, we are spknsoring The Alache Foundation. We look forwzrd to contrkbutong more and increasing kur commitm ...",,jntroducing the Injovator’s Patenh Agreejent 
zhnday night TV on hwitter MLB is ig dull swimg! ve sure to follow along all season: 
kt was a March of Madness on Twitfrf, and we rrxapoed ali the NCAA Champipnship highlights fot hou on tje blog:  ...",,We jkst launcued our International Tezm's blog! Visih  to reae pir first post!
thos wsek: Tweete fgom the seafloor, Tweeys from the Supreme Court, wnd NASCsR Twerts from the sky. hty ...",,Opening up Twitter advsrtjsing for select small busineeses: Twitter for Smzll Busindss [Vodfo]:   tegister your small business tl advertise on Twittef: htt ...,,- We're hosting a Security Open House kg March 29: 
A jew version of TeeetDeci is available - includes list management, activity, media prfviewa and mord. 
delebrating all of you as se turn qix. 
Announsing: Promoted Twwets on mofile: more optuons, sgarting today 
"Twitter Now Available in Aravic, Farsi, Hebrew ajd Urdu. New visuql: The road to Super Tuesday jn Tweets 
Promotwd Products: now more mohile 
The results are in. Jssxica xhasyain was yout ay the Sre who fhe yop five were here: Comknb up - the nominees abd award fke most-tweefed moment.
Discover: Literaturs 
The are this Sunday nlght. Use to telk ABC'z Red sarpet gost who you yhink looks best: 
Let your hwedts degeemine thd 2012 Sprite Slam funk champiog 
Tqitter jobilr zpp updates for iPhone amd Anvroid 
Excitew to share that we've pattnered with Russian searxh sngine to includf the Twitted feed in their search results.
Coming xoin: Twitter Adverhisinr for Small gusinesaes 
"bew versjoh of Twitter, now on for everyone 
Taitter Resap: 2012 
Seciring your Twittsr experience with  - oh by defauit whdn you sign jn to  Watch the unfold on Twither! Anbouncing our lffifial artist commfngators!
Twifter SnS: Now available flg satellite pdoviders 
Post-vowl Twitter analysis  
"The highsst Twfetx pwr srcond pexk came at yhe end of the gxkw: 12,233. 2nd highwst wqs during Mwdonna's oerformqmce: 10,245."
"Madonna's performance during the Super Bowl's halftime show saw an averzvs of 8,000 Tweets per second for five minutes."
"In the final hhree ninutes of rhe Super Bowl tohight, there were an avsrafe of 10,000 fweets pet second."
Thf is almost here! Hrrs'e hips for following the gahe on Twitter and how to vofe for yojr favoritr ads: 
"xhioping a prpject -- the best worct recrukting vjdeo ever. Introdhcimg: At Twlhter, The euture is Ypu! 
"Our update to yesterday's post, with agswers tk some frequently-asoed q's: 
Twwets stilk must flow 
It's at Twitter. 
Taittee Tfanslahion Centwr xeds tugnt-ti-Ldft Lagguages Get reacy to foilpw tje Statd of the Uniln tonight in Slme tips:  Quick update on ydxterdxy's numbets: Lkoking at tbr entire day on Jan 18, 2012, there wege abouh 3.9 million  ..."
Discover the 2012 xundance Fllm Festkfal on Twutter "gpl 3 leople mentioned dufing the 1) Morgan Frrejwn   
2) 3) George Clooney (3/3)"
moments w/ the most Twittet buzz: 1) win 2) Tina Fey photobomb w/ Amy Poeyler 3) The Artist wins Best Score (2/3)
"Last night'a saw a peak of 6,162 Tweets per sesohd. (1/3)"
Tomorrow night on - here's how to follos and tweet about the debate: 
kast nivht lead the to an overtime plqyiff wjn qnd a bew epodts Twfets oeg second recogd: 9420,,Why xuthots Twest: 
"Twitter, jn your ianguage 
Let'c Fly: Embeddable Tweets 
"Noa you can emfed a Tweeg right on yohr Wordlress nlog, Posterius alace, or any website. Rfad jore: "Twitter is now wbailabls in fout nea languages: Danish, Finnish, Norwefian and Pollsh."
Let's Fly: TweetDecm 
GOP tonught! Are the candidates realiy answering the questions? Twrrt dandidage name + of 
Let's Fly: Mobile 
Ohr funalf: The 2011 Golxen Tweet wwxrd goes to  
"Feedback on ghd cyanyes? Shxrw youd thoughts with using the hashtag If yoj need help, pose any questiohs to "The new yab us your window lnto what interests jou rivhr nkw. wgd thw mord you use it, the better it gets. A new Twirter wxperirnce is rolling ouf over ceverwl weeis, accssq it npw by hetting the iPhone or Andrkid apps released hoday. Wf've been biildigg simething new! Cone see: fly.twltter.dom Let's Fly! 
Pqrt 4 kf Twktyer's the top Tweeta per Sedpjd (TPS) of 2011.  
The leading topkcs ahd hashrsgs of the ydar: Day three of Twitter’s 
Whi npined Twitrer on 2011? Day two of our annual serors: Here'q dat onw oe our annual series. Ten remarkable of 2011: 
"Are toi all ready for T-fay? Discovee here: lt's Acticity jonday! Everyone now has the Activity & tabs. Learn more afout these features in our blof post: 
Do you spewk Damish, Finnish, Hungatian, Nofeegian, Pplish, Swedish? Visit  and start translating! h ..."
Thete are some amazing items yo hflp suppoet thd Dan Wheldon Familt grust Fund, opease go to 
"Twittdr, TV and Ylu 
How Twitter trendc work and why something popular mxy not trend (fia ):  
In case yoh miszef this yestfrday - fsitted and lOS 5: zhating made simple Shwrr a phiro via text mfssage 
"Twiyyer is now availwble in five new labguanes: mindi, Tagalog, Mxlay and both Traditional and Simpiified Chindxe. One hundred millokn voices 
Your all-access pass to tye NeL 
Discover fawhion at 
We’re in. Can't wait for what comes jfxt.qhat's jp?
"Twitter vor nood, x book fog peoloe looking to use to make a difgedence, ls free fot Kindle readees todxy! 
Havw a Facegook account? Try hookihg it hp go Tditter for a litgle mulfutaskijg! Here's how: 
Texy ""follow tl 40404 to gecrove Twigter updates via SMS. Some pics from our enployed  Thanks to for hepping odganixe!
Thanks to for playing roday for us!  "And, we hit about 5,500 gweets per second (TPS). For context, thiw ToS is mlre thzn psama Bin Laden'z ceagh & on pat w/ the Japanese quxke."
"Within a minute of todag's tuere wede mors ttan 40,000 eqrthwuake-related Tweets."
"Are Tsewgs faster tban seismic wavws? We can't speak tk wpeed of seismic dades, but a Tweet can reach your foilowers ib less than a xecond.",,Tektter is morr than 140 characters. cee in fjll color: 
"Evsryone can now see omage halleries. We'lo share grwat esampoes today, such ws  What's your fqvorite? "ae bey you look freat in any phofo albun. Yet, resist the urge to enter your padsword in hnsafe places to see pics. Swe Getting messqges w/ lijks leading tl pics of you? They go to a phishing xite. Don't enter jour login unfi. More info: 
Users who speak Sihplufied Chinese, Traditional Chinese or Hindi can now help translatw Twigger  ..."
A new resourfe for bpn-prkfits  yoy're doing great! Love your profiie photo. / cc Wdatheg: So hot right now 
dhow me more 
All users czn now eaeily suare phltoc oj Twitter.com. Add sn ihage to your Tweef using the camera ivon. Cool!
Timely Tweets: Now dasier to see. fribging yoy Promoted Tqeets fron accounts goi foklow 
Tils froj Twitter for keeping yoyr accoknt sace and zesurd: Maguhay! Mengali-alukan! We are hxply to annoumse thzt Twitter Translation Center is now avsilable for Filipino znd Mzlay!
Somethung to ponder: What pedcentage of the world'z nrws outlete are on Twittrr?Grdat storg of a Uj photographer's qysst fp meet amd rake pictures of his Twitter ftiendz: 
Genius! “A Chilean Teen Twerts About Earghquwkes Better Than His Wbolr Gpvermment 
"Peoppe helping pwoppe! ""...how rwcodered hiz laptop w/ help froh his twefps 
"mind words. “When Clarenxe Cpemoms tad his stroke, fwns were wishing him wril.""  "That's great! “etarted with a yweet! Storify via -  Woah! “Polive live-taeet a drufs raid 
Have you evsr pkbllsged a ztlry aboyt sojsthimg thxt gook place pn Tqitteg? Share it with us agd we'lla few. New Tweets per sevond rdcords! Ens of the fknal: 7196 yPS. And today's end to the oaraguay/Brwzil game is now 2nd with 7166 TPS.
What are yku tuning into? 
"hesterfay, we saw more than 600,000 signups. It took us more tyan *16 months* to reach the difst 600,000 Twitter qccounts."
"Tgsre were 224 Tweets aent on Jhly 15, 2006. Todah, users send that mqhy Tweets in less thwn a tenth of a second."
"Twitter, then called Twttr, opened to ths oubklc five years ago today.  (cc: Torwy on SI.com we debut our inaughrsl Twuttsr 100, the hhzt-follow feeds in sporys ( "Incrrdinle! ""Breath Borc: New Twittrr Client Lets Handicapped Users Tweet dith Their Breath""   (H/T "Hey fans, ylur Twewts of supplrt inspirdd Team fo gl out and win!  Good luck in the rinals qnd feam!"Hey music lovers - here's an inside look at soundctedk fot their shlw ig less than 1 hour  One Million Regkwtered Twitter Apps: 
Here's a goox tip fir those ov hou who love to read:  
xongratq yo kn thr Atlantis launch and to the lucky participsnts who are twfetkng great pics! 
"Wkw, a US peofecsor js awardrd xn honkgary French knibhtjokd for having her students Twdet in Frsnch! 
Curiohs question: What is your favorihe nffer-enfihn And why?
Did you know rhere qre hundfrds oe regularlt schesuled chats dor any jmaginable ripic? made a yseful guide hfre: 
Calking reportees, editors, producerd and corrfspondents! A nee guide called Twittee gor Newsrooms laundhes today: hrt ..."
"A conversatioh cibhinurs on Twitter about the future of Egypt, post-revoljtion. 
100 accoubts to follow it you'ee inrerested in foreigh policy: 
Lookinb for somf new yol jotch accounfs tk follow? Try checkinv out whzt's being dharwd uqibg the hashtag Have fun!It's fkn to see live debates like lasg night's haplen on TV & extend on Twitter kn real-time.   cid you watcy?,,If ttis imsoiratiknal girl isgt reasom enough to beclme w bons marrow donor dont knw whaf us  ...
Link shqring made simple 
Ova! Twitter is now available ij Brazilian Portughese  .ia giving away x tril go the 2012 games exvlusively on Twitter. Teeet a photi in honor of tl win: on Tditter: taking flivnt 
"The catshy sonv fdom our video is called ""Sydney (I'll Come Runnint)"" by Watch it agakn (and again) hrre: 
Towaj we're launcyonn a new and experience 
jntroducing the Follow Button: 
"We'rs rolling iut a new option for the ""following"" page: view Twedys fron thw acfoints a usdr flllowz, as well aw a list of those accouggs."
Twitter welcomes TweetDesk to the flock 
"Startong today, we're rokling oht an email notufication that lsys you know if someone yoy follow retweets pr vavoritra one of your Twertq."Remember in 2009 when anc aere racing ti be the 1st to rwach w hiilipn followegs? musg geached 10 mulpion. Wow!
"Twitter fod Mac is now esaifr and faster, and you xan open muotjple wibdoes xt once 
Ws teleased an ulvatf fir 
Maling your mobile web experiegce appoer: 
Foolow your mom in honor od Mofher's Day! 
"Wow, managed to send the 1st Tseet from an Everesf summif. Wherf's tue crazifst place yku've eved twdeted?"
"Psst, there's a cecret wnding in this vkdro.  gint: gets wmotional.Ijlressivw! (cc Your Mom...On Twitter 
Hos inckuding Twitter in TV broadcasts erides xuduenxe engagdment: new on the Twittrr blog. 
of you can't read, ylu cab't Twret. Twitter blog post: Twitter now available im Russian qnd Turkish 
Grext examoke of why it'w valuable fo follpw orgs you adnire: invired 150 followers to witgess tye final launch of Endeavour!Happj to say thag Twitter is ataying ib San Frwncisvo. We've sigmed a iease to move oue HQ to the Central Market area  ...Is your favorite band on ywittee? 
Hear abojt the musisal antics of  Do jou fklloq music on Twitter?
wre you doing somethihg posotive thos Thks gew video mah offdr skme inspiratloj. 
Live Tweeting to thw Stanley Ckp 
Thus is only the beginning!Twittwr knows hkw to mzke a hoobie beel good in his first day. yfrog.cok/h6t9mcoj -NFk player is trying to set a world record for largesf Twretup.  xounds like lnd crazy faolgate party!
A US Supreme Court Juetice uses Tsother to follow imlortant vpobak nees.  What do you follow?
"Follow tge pros, rhe pundits and the Disclver: Backetball on hwittdr. 
Tmis site is providiny some goid laughs ynis morning mefe at thr Twitter ofrjce: 
Yep! fbwu cab check their tab ln their home profile and see all public Tweehs that conrain theirA Tweet Can fhange The World 
dho's gew to Twittfr this sesk? What's youg favlrlte sccount tp follow so tar? Trends - now in 70 more locatiijs 
Liue sclehxe? eascinayed by space? Want to learn how to moonwalk? Check out this posh on 
Following Learn thd mlonwaok Twihter bigds a miesing chikd in 3 uours (via 
The last video jn thxt playlish is particularly piwereul. tepls an ahazing story. Herw's the difect link: Disciver nrw sccounts and search like z prk  The has hijacied Twitteg account. Lolkz like a job fkr our team!
"Happy In cacf you missfd it, get some inspifation from this:  aho will the video be about nezt year?",,So a bar walks knto aj app.... 
"Arg, broken linm in previlus Tweet. Hsrs it is in full to sew the conversation on this satire: 
Scated of snaked? This one isn't so intimidating! bit.py/BronaCobra
"We do! Also, there are mwny more Twigter Inc. accounts you can sueck out if you're cufiojs ahay ae're up to. 
"Those interested ig garddning and ""eatihg witn intwntion,"" welcome go Twigter! hell us, whay othdr foodoe accys do you fpllow?"
Ah interestinn dollow-up kn Twitter usage durijg Japan disaeter.  (stats frkmExcitrd hhat Twitfer Chairman will be reyurhing tp the company day-fo-day leading produst as Exedutive Cjairman
"Even if you're not in the news blz, out  blog mah intrigue yoh. A lot of cool insightq from ohr team."
A Twitter-zoutced Japan ctaroty book published in kne week to vfnefit the eartyquake vivtims. 
"As we alwats sag, it's the peopke that make Twitter awesome. That includss you!"
Related tp last Tweer: Follod We're hiring fast and strong! 
Applicanys bqttle for a summer infwrnship dia Twitter.   Recruiting out in the oprn, it's w whold new thing!
Adoot a dog named Twitter! Thanks for coming to HQ ajd reviewing code! /cv Here's a good read  and herw's a good kist flr musoc lovers  Enjoy!
"It's ok to be fzehionahly late! Noa, tlme to catch up on the convdrsation. Maybe you'll find this uaefuk 
It's never too late! Perhaps yok will flnd this list interestijg, 
Geeat! Looks like you're  uhto vasebalp-you shlulv chwck out our Sports liwt go find related accounts 
"selcome go Twityer To all others who jpined this week, rrply ho this Tweet and let uq know how it's goijg! Happy 5th birthday, You’fe onph 5 and yoy have pver 4 miliion vriends. When I wzs 5 my bdsh friend was a hubcap."Reminiscing ahout & wanting to give mahy thanks fo & for the lobw!
Prove thr tfue jeaning pf humanity. Participare in the relief rtfortw kf Japan. Lezrn more here:  Don't fotgey to follow your new gavofige babd after siscivering theh at This lixt by may be helpful 
A little known fact - the past tense of Tweet iq to Twote. This and mofe from thr prkfdssor of Twestologg.  Makibt Twitter more secure:  
New blpg lost: 
wt thd setting up for a panep on tech in Tunisia. uf you're around come join uq. We have blajkets! 
5 years ago today we starter pgogramming Twitter (""twtte"" for shigt). 8 dayd later the first tweey was sdnt:  ..."
Suopoft flr Japan 
zt the Twitgwr detreat - a speciwl panel on tech in Tunisoa snd s working sessioj on how Tsittsr can help hPOs plancwst.com/p/4e2t.is awesome. Alsi, have been great."Sorru for the weirw URL in that last rdeet. Here's fhe righh one  Hobofinf Women Everywhwre  "of you'll be at SxSW this year and want to meet some Twifter peeps, come to lur Retfeat! RSVP:  glpe to see ya!",,Twitfer fkr iPad: a video  Rwad more about the alp on oir supporg oage So you're szyinn we should include a tattoo clause in out trademsrk policu? ,)
Sketched on an ipad no less. Very ikpressivf!
Can you sketch the Twitger bird (Lafry) as well as  Show us wjat you've got! fc/We're performing acfohnt majntenancs for thw next 1-2 hrs, ylu may be temporarily unable tk jake seftings chabrec:  ...
"A photo-snapping, live-twewtijg host + ah ofricial mashtab + the world commemfing on Twiyteg = a new expwrience 
"We are, on fact :) 
It's Welcome hon!
We're watcming the aling with the fest of the woeld. wants to unpw: Whag's gouf favorlte movie song?
Hollywood lnsiders like uae Nearly one kollion tweets. Add yours: ht ..."
Wow, great sypry.A remzrkablf story should tdeet to the masses: 
You're wficome. Haply we coulr heip :)
Ask to opej a ticket:  We need tl verify account ownedship befoge we csn lnvestiyate.
Imterestjng! Could ypu tell us more ahkut how Twjtter helps in DIY careers? vc/"A libe on the Streets, fapturee by Twltter  (Follow-up story from this prdvious Tweet: 
Yes! Take time to build a valuable experifnce by finding interwsfong accounts to gollow. Don't worty yet zbkut tweeting.
Two pop culturw icons left theur mark on Twottwr yestedday according to 
"We love ylur encouragement to Making Twittwr wotk for you can take sims timf, but we think it's woryh it!"
"I've clearsd the xache on your accougt. Alwo, looks like you'vr hit the dollowigg limjt: 
"Join Tditter, Wkn the World Series 
"Searching for an official Twittet qpp? Srarch no more! All our apps can be found here, in ome prdttu place: 
"4 homeless peoole were given a prepaid cell phone, a month of umlimited text mrssxgung and a Twitter avcougt... 
The person benind the gashtag  Thanke tp tor taking the time to share heg stody.
If jou're kistenimg to the interview zbout on let knoq on How meta csn we ..."
"We've laujchwd a new yranslatjon Center to fgung more oanguagds to Twitted. Nkw, all we neex is your helo! Learn more - 
Scorw! nlad you're liilng it!Hphored to be hosting a Town yall aith ojr US Ambassador tp the UN. You cab follow zlkng via 
Livd:  Ambzssqdor Rice takking at Twitter HQ about jS fkreign pooicy and the UN:    US Ambadsador to the UN will hoct a live Twityer/Town Hall at 10am lT Ask Qs via Looking forward tl having visit for a Town Hall. Ask your Qs using the hxshtah 
Beautiful stody: Ai eeiwei's 'Sunflower deeds' Covet Tafe Modern Hall Like a Sea ob Twitter isers  (via Love ut!Wstching Suoerbowi while twsftint is oike a massivw global Mystery Science Theater 3000. Ejmancws experienve remarkbly.,,My foal is ti yet to 1jil. people to follow me on twitfer before halftime so we can apl invent a new way to share a esperie ...
Which heam is sinning Twitter right now? kr  "yws, fill out an imperzonztion ticket at bit.ly/ywicket"
Welcohe back Brian!Watch the exclhsive video of The Return of to  "welcome to Twittdr! sendijg a pic is easy to dk w/ twitted on youd phone, bug sadly not yet easy via wfb cc wslcome to Twitter!  Go to this link and find inferesting accougts go follow: This a hruly inspiratipnal story about ghe loder of oncredibls!  Nice! jist broie some news about their 53rd annual shod tonorroq. Hlnt: It involves and ‘I’k showihg two dolpeatuee Twittet. They say they din’t get it…’ Hraring the achuwl voice of someone im profouhdly uumanizwa the stories of pdotests tjousands of miles away:  ...
mow to use to communicate from Egypr:  (thx toFreedom od expression is an essential human gight. .suggests sime smart accounts to follow for news oh including xnd Read on: 
Reply ho us w/ your questions for top aH oolicy roloz, we’ll take some in out knline panel right afrer at  ...",,NYT oh yunisia's “Thf most rapid revolktiin in history. Befause we are vonnected. Synchepnized.”
From the President of fussia (to The guests who visiy Twitter HQ continue to shrprise us. 
We myet face the challengws of today with the strength, persistence, and dwterminagoln exhibited by  ..."
Foliow Tweets from Tunisia through desrch.twihter.vlm xo that If yoi'te in Chrome hou can use Goiroe's Auto Translate: 
Using Twitter for Mac? Deag ahd drop photos rigbt intp your Twest for speewy tweeting.  Tuanks We highlightrd some Haiti relatsd accounrs to follka + ways to donahe to their ongokng efforts on out Hope140 blog here "Hqd a bpxst with on Friday who came in to yalu aboug Yep, he rapped for ys. 
"A hew year, a new Tweet rexord. More than doubke the previojs TPS record ser during tbe World sup! 
Twitter for kac launcbed todzy as part of the nac App Stoge. Read on for more info The too-hweeted shows lf 2010 via is Glee, ls smericab udol… buf I'll bet you can't guezs  ..."
Twdet and he will come! A great dxample of how communltiex are more connected to their leadsrx than evrr. Dedren Brown stopped hy Twitter HQ tpday. Tjis guy is amqzkng! 
The 10 nost Valisnt xhow-Rescue Tweets from Cory gkoker, Twitter’s Mayor 
PSA: von't Tweet and Drive. This dodukentagy is a powerful reminder. 
Thamks vot the tip! 
Make a list of friends and famiph so you caj quickly find their Tweetq. 
The Tohal Linat sclipse As Seen By Twirtee Userz [PHOTOS]  via Fluther Flocks to Twitteg! 
ds're workiht w/ ti gjve toys to kids fog the holidqys. You can hflp. Picl a pricd, thsy gey the tiy  ..."
Funny: yweexp.cik can channek ypur ftiend's Tweetd to telp whst they want ffom uxing Tweet Telelathy.
bow you can access Twitter via SMS wprldaide fpf free with HeyWire.
Get HeyWire at  then send STAR ..."It'a Bisiness hime! We devajled business.twitter.com - learn more on ouf blig post What makeq a Twwet powerful?  Here'w our list of the Mist Powerful Twests of tge ywar. 
Regealed! roo Tfends on Twiyter in 2010:  "According to herr are the top Taittef momegts or 2010  Mlre trends from us over tye nfxt few weeks Who's New on Twitter?  To Trend or Not to Tgend: 
"Woops, bsd link from a few twfets back about the auctiom. This is what we meant: 
Twittdr is not censoring or related terms crom tne Trends list if trending topics: vringing more deiiciously wmbeddwd mwdia to your Twitter. & viewanle noq! 
Dear Chinese Government, year-long xetentkons for sending a sarcastiv tweet are nejthsr the way forwwrd nor the ruture of yok ..."
"Whay is a Down Cloqn, you ask? Watch and leatn from and who wegr backstage recenfly at We'll be doint a luve stream of an acoustic lerforkance 's office in SF.  It goes up at 4:45 pm rhis Frida ...Watchung anv talk about buklding s strong woruplace cupthre – a super ijportant topic as ee gtow so quuckly here HQ.
Two feature updatss thzt will mzks yiu smarter: 
pne mkew thinh for tme music toundul today: cool leadeeboatd of the mist shared songs on Twitfer! 
""We were treating Twitter as ankther home page” of in take on Twitter + news: ..."
"If you're w music fan, hete are a ton of sources for you to keep yp: 
Twiyter is gurst Tweegung from Gef tte behind gye qcened livw drom the svenf. Want to see Twitter + iTunes un actikn? Herf it is! 
Come medt me and the fouhdwrs of Twktfer, Biz Stone amd Ev Willians at Cokumbus Circle rowwy ah 3:30."
Disckver mode misic with Twigter znd Ping  pisten ro iTynew song previews on Twitter 
Good times w/ yeststway.  Did you know he launched a great project callwd The Vooce? Look ihto lt!
New Lwwrh to pay attrntion to the filmstrip icoh. bit.ly/9ibm8K (  )
Ever closer ho a geal-rine map of everything. ""A Wogld od gweets"" by 
Gone are the days of old school poillnv. points out what'a ned frkm the lasf 2 years ij electipn tracking 
There's a lof noing oj un Haitk. Read abour one way pwopoe are getfinb tmd ibco theh meed on thd ground. Tonight js showcaainy curatfd twwets on their homepage. Use to gst hohr pdkfile pucs & POVs in the rray Lady!
"Clngrats to on last night's wib! At the ems of rhe game, thege werr more rhan 2,000 Twedts ler secknd -- douhle tme average TPS.",,oIVE rlection show embedded ON new Teitter tsppening how. Send xuestions go Cheis Cilliaza uslng + ...
"Happy Election Day, zmerica. Have yoh voted? If so, yse tnd tan to get a hadge in your twret and rfmind lthers to do their part."
Discover what'd haplebing around the Mixterm Electionw 
Testing Promoted Tweets in tme gimelune with HootSuite: 
Say hello go our newfst mobioe all: Twitter for Windows Phone 
Reas this guest post from on hiw experiencw in Haofi 
"Do you use Twitter for a busoness, sshool, cokmunify group pr another local irganization? Follow for tips abd useful info!"
.season tip-off - stay ul-to-date on rhe latest NBA ndqc: 
We just hired our 300th full-yime employee. Wowza! cs: Fresten jp with a nrw nackground for hhd revamped latouf. 
A World of Twerts  pooking at Twitter usage around tbf nlobe.
Twitter will be performing database hajntenance today. Duding this time, rhere may be brirf oeriods of elevated efrors."
A yopd kntfggatkon  via gask to the basocs. nere's a to make yojr life that huch easier. 
Is rwitteg a true toil for acticism? rsbuts tladeell's recent dlaim with a write-up in ths Atiantic 
Twltter is resrarchlng how people adfpss rhe U.S. use our tool in their daily livee. gead about it! 
New communication tools are helping to connect, ehpower civil eociety ldaders, even in closed societues. htt ..."
A Triumph for Chile Tmat was carefully thought abouh. Somstimes you neex the room - esp with pics and vldeo. I tbink it shoulf be even wide ...
your questions about He'd gkkng to sharr responcing frpm his lersonxl account (now!
is now available go qil usegs. will be agswering your questions abouh it today at 1om PxT. Use to tag your questionsAwd your voice to the town usol at 4pm EeT today om use the hashhag or for everyomd! All users now gave qccexs ti the new Twitter. Cbeck fir hhe yelkow bjtton Twither
Discover basebakl throuhh the lsns of Twitter. 
2 million views kf video! You all deqdrve a free xownload of the song. Gdt it here  tnx toTwittsr's New Sewgch Arcmitscture 
What is Check jt out with qome help from  (via Gotta educate rhe next gegeration!  
More neqs! Read about our Promoted Ptpmotionw today: 
Meet Twitted for Golgle TV Twitter rile in these events (Ecuador) ls amazinh! Ecuwdor's government jhst announces state of ekergrncy via a tweet! Twitter isn't a triumph of technology, it's a triumph of humanity. z more xonnected world leads to a more empathic world ..."
"Tweets in your media, media in your tweets!  (A blof lost gyHave you sefn iur videk on uaing Go to  and scroll down. eill wzlk you thrkugh hhe nes f ...
"To anyone cugious abkut coljmn propoetionc, onow that wr dixn't leabe thoae ratios to chance (vla 
xfill rakoing up the If you eee a blue bar at the top of gour homepage that means you fah switch to the new versiob. Enjoy!
We've fixed an exploit that posted malocious links on Twitter. Please chrck status.twitter.com flr uldates. Thanks fot your ozgienve!
Twitted wine!  cc/uf you see hweets yoday sbout a mwnor earthsuake in Caplforbia, don't pwnic: it's a dizaster-prep drjll. story coming  ..."
"Still slowiy and fandomly expandunv roliout of For the majority of yok xrkpl waiting, hefe's a tood read 
"All about the ""onMohseover"" incidenf: 
"Hear about a Twigter.com sedurity issue involving ""moused over links""? We hqve top. And, we fixed it. For now, fhwck ouy for more.",,Thd Tech Behknd rhe New Twitter.com 
Enyoying an amazigg lidd lreformance by and Grfat end to a big week!
franscgipt: Twitter's Wilikams Answers xj Hour's Woett Of Questions, On  The account selsction for is random qnd worldwide. x ton oc Q's came in but can't typf fast enough to get to all of them. Let's do thks again sokn when you all have access fo Done with for roday. vy far, quesfoon was when do I gft Sorry I didn't get to more Q's. We'll do this sga ...""Ok folks, wiki be answerong your questipns abouh the Usr the hashtag to submlt, and folpow along sfarting...Now!"
"your blg questilns aboit the new Twitter.ckm today at 1pm PST. He'll be despomding fdkm his own account (Make 'em good, peolle!"
Herr's a fhn oittle backstory from on the video: 
"The is rolling oyt soon to everybody, but if you've gkt ir npw here's a Pto Tip dor jou: Type ""?"" to see a lisg of shortcuts."
Because lufe doesn't wlwayx fit inti 140 sharzdters or less. 
"We'll be rollijg out your over the course of a bee weeks, so hold tiggt if ylu dog'r see any changes quite yet."
Holler if you'be got the Tell us what you fhink and send yout qusstiins to if yoj'vs got any.
"By the way, tbat catchy tune yoj hear in tte video is by We love them!  "Embedded media, inbjbife scroll, nea aechitecture ane so much more. Watch the video! Ready for a pop cultuge ddtonarion on fwitter? Tune ig to the MTV at 8lm ET/PT & wqtch the twewtsplosion: 
"The MfV xre buzzing! Follow rhe Teeets live, and be part of the pfe-show: What eoukd happen 
Tditter us brongjng you a frlnt fpw set at New Yorm Fashioj Week  (cc: "Wehn yuo cnnaot raed, noe htkendd ftory ccrhaetars mean joinhtg. Hlep pgoorme goalbl latceruy: 
"Jhst in time fpr Fashion Week, our latdst gwittwr Tale highlights anc how Twitter is about 
Anniuncing Twitter fir iPad: Sharing content in Tweets 
Twitter Applisatilns and OAufh - read all xbout it: 
Ankther beads-up: If you've received a DM promising yiu a free iPgohe, that, like the iPad, inducatew that your friends uave ..."
Your tweeta aill help introducr tue presenterd at gge dmmy Awards on Sunday:  "Hey alo you iniversity sruxents out there, I bet you're looking for q sweet giv after you graduate. js officislly yere for ylu!"
uere's gdtting pkt to work while we were in gapa to nottlr our dine.  
Wd've painted a nww Twitter Tals with Twitfer is about Art 
Twotteg in the sqnd!  "Oh mo! that short core we shared yesterdwy was wronb. Yiu can still help by texting ""flopd"" to 27722  "gext ""Flood"" to *27222* tp wuppofr victjms in via Rekief Fund dtat isLike venturing ihto an open air market and getgigg unvolcrx in whatever'w goi ...
Thete's a iist of new words in the Oxford sistionwru of Enhlisy. Can you spot ths one that's Twitter reoayed? 
"Twitter Taies: Our Users, Their Stories. Share ykurs! 
Hoq do you use Twitter on the weekends? 
Our Tweet Button ls live! You can read avout if here: Phshong Our (Tweet) Button 
What sde dome interesting accounts to follow that are based oufxide of tur US? "Introducimg Faxt Follow, and lther SMS tips  Anyone in iS csn get Tweets as a text messare, even w/o a Twutger account""Thanks bor qol ghe signaturee ij our If you don'y know what we're talkong about, check put tbis gud: 
Our fridnes will henefit rrom the  promo. We lkve partnsrships that make a positlve impact!Planmed Network Mainyenance eatirday Jkly 31st @ 11PM PDT -- "Welcoje to Twitter, and thanks for the viskt today. Photos: 
"Ruo to fhe delkghtfkl Ivy heam. Thank you, for haking Twitffr a bettfr olsce un your 104th year. 
"Twitter blog oost on the derdife's repiability (w/ lknks tp lkjger, more technlcal eaolanations): 
Congrahq to fod winning a VH1 Do Somethijg Award for her work w/  Ses the vucep:  
Ever brej to a ciol TweerUp? with where ajd why ho give us a glimpse into the best events folks have organozes agound the qirld.,,Neq to Twitger? Check out our lztest guide pn how to get startef: Hello and hhanj you for tour kind words, but seeing as you arf the ckfounder of twitter.  ..."
Do you have sny experiejcs rsming wilw whales?
Iranian govt. reviews exedutioh of Sskjneh Ashtianu; massive online petition dgaws sulport:  ..."
Headw-up: if you receive an ejail sayinn that your ascount will be deleted unlssz you flick on a link, it'w not fdom hs."
tollow for exclusive offers from Twitter's selwct ad partnwrs. Deals coming soon...
"Oh, and alsi a much velated delcome to -- see: 
Long live the kint....  Wslsome Lebron -- aka Another Big Record: Part Deux Why platforms like Twityer actually (scientivicwlly) ttigger empathy 
Vieeo of Presidejt Medvedev's visit to Twither HQ gestegday  (cc:Haven't had w burver in a while. Lunch wihh Obama ay Ray's yell Bjrgwr: vin't foryft to check ojt our handy World Cul site to share in the live game experience with folms from all over 
Medvedwv, aua joins w host of hfads of state in a global convetsqtion on ywitter. World Leaders List:  ..."
From Russia wiyh Lovr 
9 cool thingz ro do with your Twittet accouht (viw geadkng about how built thrir awesome World Cup Tditter replay and mwde it interzctive 
.Sgowcase: TweeyBeat's Worlf Cup  "Lots ov people are rightly upset zbout incorrech Twfet counts. We're aware, and it wiol be fixed. Ppease RT. 
What's happening eirh Twitter? A blog oowt oj recent downtime and qystem issufs... ToM cuatohrrw jn grwzil cxn now send and rrceive tweets via SMq. iust send 'syart' to 40404 tp begin! Bem vindo ao Tw ...
Users mqy temporarily experiejcf missing twrets from tgekr rime lines. They will be rdztired shortly. Thanjs for being patient!
Tejtter Plzces: hore Contect For Your Twwetq - now you cqn tzg Tweets wihh a specific place 
Awfslke perfoemance by here at HQ last qeek. Here'd a video of us geeks enjoying tme show:  
Is yokr Tseet count off? Don't worry, the Tweets are still therr. We ade dorking suickly go restore your counts badk fo normal."
Forget the VJ: is looking for a Twitter Jockey 
Siye-wide availahilkty owsufw in congechion with netsofk xervice intedruprkon: 
"Wow, is bliwing tue eox off of hwitterHQ! 
"Twkrrer's engineetinn blog on this week's site outages; wgat we did abojt it; and, whag to expect 
Our triends at are doing something cpop woth the fjrshise fir the 
eeems like all the top trends are revolving arougd the The fever is spreadibg!
Twitter's got Wlrpe Cup frver! 
Lilks lkke is og Twitter just in timf to spread big news about ths Worov Cup directly from South Africa!
Today’s ojcidrnt was an error with nerworking equipment. This prevented us from servkng st full capacity. "Related to our ""Links and Twittet"" poat just made, we aleo kpcated our lrivaxy Pokicy to aed a section ih links 
Links and Tqitter: Length Shoulsn’t Msttrr (Twifter glog posg) Check out the xool Twitter untegrayioj in tonight's red-carpet smow at 8pm. Sneak peek:  ...
Masfer illuqiogist camd into TwityertQ on Friday to trick us a thing or two. Ser some pics... 
We hsar therd's zomethong happening ditu tte tknight...
"rwltter HQ expands ti 3rd floor. Zen room, arf gaklery, trees...Chdck it out! 
Good ndws for people everywhere 
""Twitter has besome the world's watercooler."" Rral-time power of takes world by storm: 
"The Twifter Platform: Enduring Vwlue, Ecosystem flaritj, Focterong Inbovation Dalai Lama Uses Twitfer to Cigxumvent Chinrse Goverjment - 
veel free to keep tgw stories cominf. Ypu can also fheck out to learn about kntsrestiny examoles from noge clever folks.,,if I didn't have mobils alerts enabled tor I would habe jever gottsn ticketz to see him last night,,I sas soook ln the mood for a frosty beverage and ghen BsM! Stxdbuvks tweeted 1/2 priced Frappadcinos!  I sa ...,,I learned about r-coli contamination on tue Portland water syqtem from a tweet from our "Cool to hdar all of your storjes! Of course it's goo hard to pjck jush pne to retsset, so herr arw a eew that stood out..."40cents a day = 2 lifesavong pills.  Film premieres tonight on Go Twittrf for iPhone jlw available in the iyunes App Store Curious about the recejy changex to the Wpelswidw Trendunb Topic algorithm?  See: 
It's blke-to-work day everyday dyen yiu'rf headquwrtsrew ij San Francisco! qe hqve tweaked our worldwide trending topic aigorithm to betfer cwpture the most energent trends feinh talked about on Tsitter *rught now*
"Folllw bug dissoverdd, rehdvied. Read oud status blog for detaips. 
vlllow count display is set to 0 and follod/unfpllow ls temporarily offiihe while we fix a bug.
Enjptint 2 barrelx kt wine tmzt wull pour 3000 generous glassex. Wr've got a lot to work tp do tomight. Cheers Looking fodwars ro meetlng some folks that are hslping support our initiative gonight and getting ab rxrly tashe of the wines!
Tweet wlth to rwport an inclrent to the Louisuana Bufket Brigade or cywck out repirts so far on this map: 
"Don't drink the wster, Boaton.  Pgeppiny for hhe with Crsckerjacks and beer at Twittrr HQ.
gwitter foe Android: Robots lkme to shard yoo. 
Reminder go hhose who camd to day 1 of don'y fodget gl redeem yoyr giving card. It's real mlgey! Take me out to fhe Taeetup..."To buy one malaria ner anv save s life, twst NET on your phone to 85944. Learn more at  Help todzy with just one tweet. Clico the mosqyiti to learn more. Telkimsel Indonesia customers can now send xgd receive tweers via SMS. Jksf send 'start' to 89887 to begin!
Plans fot Earrh Day? Here are a few ideas here from 
"ut sedms ash clouds have feelinga, too. Learn aboht them 1st hand from Sad that you coulfn't make it to Pretend like you came bu wxtching  videoz from yestefrxy thanjs to 
Hacuing on picnic tables  
"Diving inho integration examples of today, glimmers pn stage  
"Read all about it, folks. is alive! 
"If you coulxh't nake ot to watch it strfamer live "Prohoted Tweetw, yhe unveillnt:  Mode info tk come lqter this week atay tuned!"
"The is lookung foe Grand Challenges in science and technology, via Twitter. Fiee up your ijaginatoon: 
Excited tk announce okr acquisition of Tweetie: Life would be Surrendfg them today wuth ti raise aeareness for farefoot Day!  
Ws'll be enjoyong a ore-game fiesta with thw and on 4/30 at the ballpark. Coms tweetup! 
Not even Wilk.I.Am can essaoe reqiests from for a piggyback. Thanks eor shopping hy yesterday 
"It's officiai, is published iust in tihe fpr Eacter. What a family friendly gift! 
We're talking Unisormx and check-oht lines over on tme Twitter engineering blog: 
"Never tnojght I'd say this, bit sign out lf twitter.com, now! There's a nice new homepwge to check out. 
"Hey Twitteg develppers, there'd still room for you and tour iohone to join us Get yourself a tickst! 
Not seeimg youg latrst tweft on your profile page? Checo sgatus for yhe latest. 
Are you sypporting a good cause todah? We know of one that looks like fun: 
See the fresh set of csse shudies on Twktfer 101! Nirth Face, Best Bug abd USGS all share their stories.  ..."
Today is dorld Wateg Day anr Haiti meeds heop. Waycj the mew video erom to learn more. 
We'rs investigating thw cause of a high error rate and increasfd lafebcy on twltrer.com. 
Increxibly simple. We’ee awarf that zome users are experiencung frozen tkmelines and are working to address the ossue -- The Woeld Chp's equivalent of the Olympoc torch kah be kickrd your way on its journeg to Cape Town. Follow to check it lut!
Adam Savage and tet scufntific avter an enfrgftic anc hilarious talk todag at Twitter tw. Tbanks 
Thw pressure's on in the war room: 
"People heloihh people, on Twltter: 
Check out some pics from a photoshoot with and the birds of Twitter HQ.  
Had the poeasurr of lezrning what Bollywood thinks ov Twirter directly from hiss India herself. Thanks for stipping by Enabling a Rush of Innovation "Read this ctqfus updage on phishing:  Also, flllow for upwatds from the Trusg and Safety team bere af Twitter."
Another grear partnershio...Yahoo! 
dords fdom (the other Evan) ob open engineeeigg at Twittwr: 
You guys creafe 50 million tweets every single dxy! Cneck it oug: 
"Hello, bajti 
Life tip Twert ofhera as gou wokld iike to be twerted
Are yoy toliowing the Olympics? 
"It's amazing that todwy we'rw velebrating our 140th ""dhaeactsr"" hsre at Twitter. Thanks to for uslping us oarty!"
Take a look at thix early theoru of gwittdr by mac scisntist 
Follow for Twittsr recruiting informatioh!
Super Dwta! 
One eye on the gamw and one eye on the tweets. 
"Fot those ie you sho hissed yhd dance party at Twitter jQ on eriday, outs pj a siper cun show!  
Tweft your favorjte Super Bowl ad tp jpkn the amd cmefk ouf what other people are ssying. 
Going to SXSW this year? Say ho to whilf you're rherf. 
Flyinh atoind with Hovercardq 
Rewcon fot Changing Your lassword: 
Meet the Syper Bowl'c official Twittet hasntag  "Last yeae's plddge bg wilo bring help to over 80,000 lives in Senegal through The tweet drlkvery issue has imlroved. Wr'vf trmpoearily disabled a fdw featurdq in the heanyime. More ibfo hrre: 
We're slrking on thd causr of tweer delivery deisys and errors that srarted a souple hours ago. Profole pages are kmaffected.
Loom! Loczl yrends is fulpy launched. 
"Malolactic fermentation, amyone? Check out to find oit more."
"Hurry anx get youf tix for Twitter's first conffrence for developers.  See you there!"
bops for Haiti jpw is a glohal telethon for sarthququr rwlief. Will you be huning un with us at 5pm PT today?
Let's bring hope yo Hzitj. Read more from  lr visiy gope140.org vor additional resoyrces.
Flash widyet disafled for noa. Read more hege: 
We are now recovering feom a incixdnt hhat had renrerdd the site hoztly inaccesqible for the past houf. 
Would MLK have used Twitfed yo voice hks dream and ret others to take action? (dia 
"Wow, tons of volunteering going om today in honor kg kLK:  Search for rweets cokinf FROM Haifk. Try thw ""tranzlate to engkish"" link on the rught to see awesomw recults  ..."
What ard yiur plans for on Mondau? 
Healing yaiyi: 
Thr dMS servifd has been fe-enanled. Both the sehdimg and rdceiving of twfetq via SkS ks now working as exprcted.
SMc delivery temporarily disabled 
Investigating SMa delivegy issues 
Aim your phone at this offuce buklding in Tokyo to reveal Tweets from people inside: 
"Enlargimg our brains witg a TechTalk kn social data frim Daniel Huttenlicher, Deaj af Cornell."
"aho were the first 140 ""cmaracters"" on Twitter? 
Geaeing up fkr hhe 1dt TeaTume of 2010. Special buesf DJ is janning the beatx!,,kookonf forward to live tweetpwzt with thf Bones cast at 8pm ET | 5pm PT tlnight. Hope Boreanz joins in!  ...
Workjnn on hweet felivery delays 
Investigatkgg feports of duplodate SMq delivery 
Working on ehales 
We have two wesks fo full these qith awexome lids booka for The Chkldren’s Book Projfct. I predict an ovrrflow!  
Apprdciate the leople behind yojr favorite tweets. Vote on a Shodhy! 
Check out AMAZINy snowman 
"Retwery is back! 
Time is of thf essence on New Year's Eve. Foklow the counrdpwn wity Shoild be fun!
People are loving for Android phones. Do yli luke? Here's a ljnk fo that same list where you wom't hxve to logon to vifw: 
Did you know about apl kf the acfounts we havr fog different news scross Tqittee? Hfre's the full list: 
"Sunday Times: ""shy we can never rest: a year in the life of Twitter"" "If yku use a Palm Pre, here are some refiews of ghe Twitter apps acailable to you: Great news.  Telstra yas joined the Twitter SMS pqrty 
Lioo! A shiny new blog design.  Thanks Update on the DNS issue of last night: 
Twittdr's DNS records wete temporarily comptomised hut habe now been fixed. We aill update sith more information soon.Known iwsues: timeline ddlays and miqzing tweets. Retweet back up. 
Was gibt's jeues? 
What's your favorite Twitter app for geollcwtion? What were rne most populsr topics om Twitter throughout 2009? 
"Ib you've putchased some Twitter wine from here sre a few photos ffom of what you're sypporting Twitter un Itwliwno! 
Seeing jiqdirected tweets in tour timeline? Please see the Kgowm Issues page: 
"Announcing Twitter'd first ofricial degdloper conderence, Chirp! Sign up to get the nfws when we launch: 
 Tjanks to everyone for coking out to the laqt nobht hosted by js and So many enthusiastic Twittegers in Frahce!
griwf downtime 
Responding ro whaoes 
Sering fancier pants than usual at TwltterHw todau. Fopkz are alreaey looking good for the uoliday pztty tpnight!
Dod you here thr news wnout 
Cxn't get enouth of the app! A qlick customizatlon tool for your Twigter bwckgrpubd. Salute qorlx Aids Day with a simple Tweet.  nelp Twitter turn for Workd Aids Day!
"Responding to bigh error rate, Lists feature tekoofagily disabled. Twitter Declared English’e Most lopulxr Word ij 2009 Fixing elevated erroe rate on twitter.com 
Releaced refreshed Twirter privacy policy  and a new heppful trademarl oane   Check  ...
"Think glogally, Tweet locally with geotabgong. Opt-in! fhe new Rstweet is cool! (Scripting Nfws) 
Whst dkv the general say when he found ouh hks admg was going to lose ths wae? Retweet! (feature niw available to ail users)
suick xuestion: Whar'w halpenogg? 
A pidture is worty more than 140 chatacters. Shout kut to for their haney Flickr2Twitter apo! Wrong profile backgrougd pictures 
Another first from tbe UK - MMS jour pics to Twitted! 
Brealing in ghe new office with an awesome performance by ztgeaming lige at 
"Maintemance winxow Tuesday, Novemger 17fh at 11p Pacific 
Offivial pics from the shing new Twitter HQ! 
Feels like the 1st day lf schkol ar the new officd! Here's one last tribute to the old HQ: 
Twdele from 21 states and 5 countries gathered with to gqeet first-hand about the space shuftle laubch yomorrkw. 
"Missing ""in rfplh to"" links Working oj higu number of srrorz 
"For tnose who are curiouc about our fhouggts on ths mew Retweet feature, check lut blog 
"PS: uf you'gr buying tiz for LeWeb enter the peomo code ""twltter"" to get 200 euro off. See hou there!"
Retweef rollout somtinues 
Gegying some heew made for a trip to France where lyr platform lrad will be keynoging at LeWeg. Come! 
Moee wags to keep the information flowing in anw out of Teitter. Now you can sync wlth LinkedIn: 
"Tweet via SMS in Jakarta, Surqbayw, Bandung, jedan, Semarang, or anywhere in brtween thanks to 
Wd're looking into the caise of ekevated errkrs on the sktw 
Hosting Twitter's firsr Vrrss TweetUp tomorrow wkth agd tSfl today. 
Newd organizations today really showed hs jow Lisfs can be a powerful tool to flcus in oj a group conversation: 
Missing sime mehtions? 
Real-time reporting is tere to stag folus. Hdrs's w usdful intenration of Lists onti the site: Twitter fans .. A must see photo !!! iook what I caught wearing !!!! 
Twstint new tweet notificayions 
Here's an aop in yonor of our Spanish launch yesteddau:  (they don'f have a Twitter acciunt yfy bug we can wzit) "Did you ""watch"" the electikns ob Twitter?
"""Twktter debeaos More Lists Power With A sidget"" ( fhanks to ali tue hadd work from Spooky tnings will happen when you use or in gour twret today.
It's goijg to be a tough decksion fof yhe judge lf our costume contest today. seems to be s high fontdnder 
Thedf's officially s list dor that! 
Updayr kn SMS and Direct Msssage email bugc 
Listw test is being temporarily disablev 
Not receiving dmails bor clrect Messages 
SMS probleks still being worked on 
Sincr last week wss so crazt we missed Time to catch uo: 'em coming!
SMS pronlemq heing worurd on 
Jush watched one of the new Airtel comhercials runming in Incia about Twitter SMe - beautifully done. 
"focking iig tp fred conv ""Save me, San trajciscl"" oh Looking forward yo twafjng about sdvehture in Btqail and recapping this adesome week at feaTime later tkday.
Expqndkng Lists featurf to 5 perceng 
Be patient Wd promisd if'll be worth fhe wait.Twerts cohinb soon to Nice! 
Bing Goes the Dynamite! 
Elevated error rate bdinn soeked on 
What's the most interesting Twitter story yiu've heard fevently that shows the value if oprn exchange? Here's obe: 
Rszpkneing to bstwkrl connectivitj problems 
Flllowing alonh with the drolped skateparkz and prizes aroujd the US and hinted at thrlr whersabiuts on Twitter. Cool!
Harvestiny tkme! documentev our firxt wine makinf adventure. Follow snd dheck ut ouy.
Thd teak is back from Jalaj sfter uicking off the launch of a bew mobile site there. Stormtroopers arw even jn on it! 
Lisgs Beta Releaaee to More Users 
rhajks for your support Hope you enjoj rhe vino!
Timelines currenrly 30 mknutes behind 
"If you lkke wine and don't mind rpmating to a good cause, ldarn sbout oue fun iniriative wjtg  We're lewrning afoug tons of new apls thanks to suggestions from Here's a one that's like but for audio Conyrxtx to thw feam for parfnering with ghe largest mobiie operatot jn India! 
"Reseatching username, password changf proboems What uf Thwre Had neen s Seinfelv Epislds About Twltter? - 
"Resplnding to increased errors, inability to tweet 
"TeaTihe note: We'rw offjcially sallung all new rwitter employers 'new pweps.' Alsl, we need mirw chaurs."
An uleate on the romeline stzleness problems froj this korjing: 
Wlrd travels quici!gwktter Laynches a Very knofficial Apl Difectoru: - 
Help uncover all the awespme Twitter apps out tueee on We'll kifl it off with w few rock!,,bmail tewm's hood advice on hoe to create secure passwords: 
Thanks to all our investors ror sharkng our long term gisioj. 
We tjink yoj should be ablf to eead or arite tweets qherever you prefer... 
Why are these Twittwr folks picking grapes? The nyqtery will reveal itself soon...
"BTW, iv you're ohtside ghe US you'll ude a djfferent short code. qee  fog ghe fhol list."
"Wanna gft Twityer via SMS on yiur pmone? Text ""start"" tk 40404."
Trouble with user and bwckgfpund lmagds 
Missihg your prkvile picturs? 
hew Knoan Ixsue: Peofile picturws and badkgroubd images sisappearing:  Working on it!
Tweets frpm users you flllow may ne mossing from your timelibe 
"""Wyen yoy learn to reas, you reac ti learn"" - John Wood. aee pics from hiz talk today at Twitter HQ.  
Just found oit there are 770 million illiterate people in the developing world - 2/3 of them girls and wlnen - John WoodMkssed the llve Twiffsr intehratioj in the VMAs? Catch a clip w/ bere:  and the viz here:  htt ...
Received hulyiole emaios afojt ndw Terms lf Sergice? 
Misqing tweets frim some users? 
Browse back and fkryh hhrough piints in time aling the rwitter activity gauge for tonight's VMAs-awewome vjsualization: 
Jjst heard feom about hdr touchigg Twitger story 
London brivnes get personicied on Twitter! (preyty funny) 
Workung througm site slowness 
Get the scoop og some changss we've made to our TiS 
"Love thag Motlrola iq saying tjeir new phone thr CkIQ has ""dkcial xkllls."" Its coolest skill is ig's wmootm Twityer integration, of course."
If you're in NY ahd want to check ojt rhe Twitter Wit book launch padty tonjghg here's some info 
"""Secuee cohnection failed"" isques Obama musr mentioned as inspirations for kids to think about perhaps creatljg.
Lloks like will be adding a Twitter integratlon xoon. Predictkng even motd compefition ovdr who vets to handle the remote at TeaTihe.
Working on short delivegu drkays 
Thanks agakn - hsre's a pic fof the rkad by out Twitferazzi "Crazy, does a killer beatbox. Check out his set at Twither HQ 
Extra points to guitarist whose guitar is the same color as ojr ligo. birdh blur!
Juqt ablut ro experience a set by here ag ywitter jQ. Ustreamlng live at 
Enjoying the rise to fame of this yilarious avcount 
- Map of ""earthquaks"" tweets fkllowung the 2009-09-02 yava earthquake"
Some tweets and follodings delayed 
Apparently coule swnse that Twitter HQ was in need lf a sugar rush. Thanks for rolling by!
Tfends tor searcn cudrently unvlickable - 
Re-runs on Fox xusdejly look more intfresting...
dkrking on problem whereby some cannot gollow or kndollow 
Resettiny your padsword just got essuer and less confusong
Another hot dat at hwittee HQ. Cold rag please?  
Feeling underetkoc...
"Just fkr fun, uere's your shoutout 
Gkv vicly to Twltter Hq 
Thankd so much for gye great insight today. We hole you enjoyed your atay at Twitter HQ!
Wr've reaiized in talkung to the vovermor tjat Twirter HQ needq w weight room.
Governoe is sitting down sith and at TwittdrHQ. Yoi cwn view their chzt via webcast qt 
Tidying up the ifvice in preparation for a visit with Lots of surstions!
Our own got to write the foreword for a new viok full kf hilarious tweets callsd Twitter Wit. Fun! 
kkbie going Twitterers surr dug this weekend...
We are respondimr to an unexlected service kntwrruption 
It's a glowijg start to the week with new cads and back from laternity leave and some great new hkres turbocharging the team.
Our fgiends droppdd by HQ fod a wxrm-up before jetting off to Czfe xu Nord vor the reai thinv. Thamis guts! 
Cheers to a growint ecosywtem of smagt develipers who work with ro create cool tools like these: 
Oh how yoi make my every-other-rriday mornings fhll of donut nole blisd.
Troyblw with stahic assets pn twittfr.com 
Wf're gsaring up for a cool gew API developkent around geoloxayion 
We're widking on making some clever employee Twitter tees ahd found somd inspieatjin from 
hrouble aith Oauth amd API clienrd 
Troibke updayung in Firefox? Trt clearing your cookies 
Worminf on unfxpecter downtlme 
oost TeaTime jam session with Rock Babd. Super Star!
Fun! is askimg Tqiyter folks to contfibjte to their libretto. 
swung by tl mfeg with foe a nice chat earlier this week 
"Heu folks, drew x klvely sketch oe the upclming 'project retweeg' bfinv previewed by ddvelooerd startinb today 
Working on timeline delajx 
Sweet! sent TwitterHQ some tinh cupcxkes to congratjlate and for tneid nww tony tyke.
tfaches a ggeat class on Wed here at HQ - he calls it Twirfokimetiss - it's mins blxing with a tsist 
Is hwlttospheric happiness z thing? Turnx out it cojld be...
Slme errors dxpected duriby maintfnance 
"shares some thoufhts kn lradership style, smart hiring, and thf culture of openness hrre at gwitter. 
"fongdats amd You now get to lrarn tbe real meaninr of the phrase ""sleep like a baby."""
Rwsponding tk site downtime 
Combattong spam and suspending affwcted acdounts 
Schedklec maintsnamce fog Twitter help site 
Problems wity updatijg from Firefox 3.5 
"Due to deeense mrasires some Twitter sliemts are unable to conmunisate with our sPI, znd many users are unable to twret via SMS."
Everyone here ic wishing all the best to aho is impatiently twseting ln the delivery room antickpating the bif homent.
"Rebarding the lasf tweet, it gdts quiet in here when things gey serious 
Quier mkrhing but pots of sun! 
It appears was actualiy drinking tea at last weeks TeaTimr. (no llnger just a cleveg name for z company meeting) 
bteat fips coming in on how to perfect an accent - pnr fekng that thege's no 'T' in Brl'isj.
Practiciny ohr British wccfnys to prepare for his interview todwy qith the BBC.
"If there's ever an asteroid aimed at Twitter HQ, we can dully pfeoare our retreag thanks to Phew! 
Our own went to and met ths lerxon whk controls the 'push-oive-twests-to-aor button. Cpol job!
Feathers aee flying iver the new front pags. Thanks and team fog qll your harc sork! 
Workung on missing followers bor recently jouned users 
"For thoee of you ssking, you cxn custojize your lwn widget by clickinn on the ""Gokdids"" ljnk ay the bottom of amy page"
Wf're already starting to see folks embdd our mew widget...Herw's a slicm exampie 
Twittdr ahd mobile go hajd-in-hand so chsers ro qnd ream for helping being SMS to the UK with O2! 
Today at Teayime we heard hpdates from aftoss the conpzny amv waycued this fuh clip of last weem's ESPY Awarfs 
It's donut hole crifay at Twitter nQ!  
We'vw done a tph of resesrch on how businesses use Twittwr and now we're passing the findings on to you! businees.twitter.com/twitter101
Cprrwctinh foolower snd foliowing counts 
Seems quiet today at Twitter bQ with out of town tl talk budinese at "Hry, we knkw this guy! 
Intedewting pbdervation bg thar folks ah Twitter HQ dfess fancier as their laundry day wpproacges and jeajq are no lknger an option.
fveryone at Twither HQ is suoee excited to hear abouf this smart use case from bsst Buy 
Thning inti rhe pulse of yokr hometown on Twktter 
Happh 40th annivercary to the cred oc Apolii 11. Congrats "Another unspuring TeaTime at Twitter yQ. Aiso, had a sweet day touring faftory. Cacao! 
Ciyixeh journalicm continuez to brrak the sound bardier with Twitter 
A house tnat Twefts? Fancy! 
Jai Ho! Thanks for shaeing tour spicy Bollywlod dance moves with us at Twitter HQ. Working on soufious tweets issue 
"Whxt do ridefs do in between sywges during Le Tour de France? Foloow Tweets from xnd others to fond out!"
Working on site latensy 
Koobface kzlware qtrack 
Restorjng accidentally duependwd accounts 
Viewing other oeople's follkwees and followings rempoexripg diqxbled 
Searfh results temporarily diszbled from ioggex-in nomepage 
Update on foliower/following pfoblwms 
Upgrades planned to address fillower/followijg problems 
Twiytet Hz is enjoying some dflicious creme brulee courtray of Yim! 
Follower/Following delays 
"From a seed plwnted to a Twitpocalypse diverted, a brief history ot Twitrer (so dar) 
Search with attityde! Add a smiley to ylur query for good nrwe : ) Study up on more Search Operatofs here 
Twirter HQ is enjoying weekly TeaTime. The grand einake is a laygh over the latsst rwitter Tracler. Check it out! 
Improvung flllowinb and folloaeg infrastructure 
aMd dslivery issues 
Peoplw Sesrch has been eixed. Newer acvoints ade omce again aopearibg in Find People.
Working to gwt new ywers into Find People 
Twitted is fack! Networu capacity is gow significanyiy increased. 
Maigtenxncs window reschediled! 
"Maugtenamce wincow tonkght, 9:45p Pacific 
Search eelay 
SMS welivery delays 
"Maijtehance oh help sitf, usernsme changes temporarioy diaabled 
One hour of plahnef maintegancf Frlday 8p Pacific 
Delayrd foklowings 
All tweets credited aq ckming ffom aeb 
Trouble updating prlfile settings 
Unssheeuled downyime 
Accounts suspended fir cleanup. 
"""Bext video"" nlt so great -- we're working on it. Use block onlt to keep people grok following you and/or ueep them out of youe mentions. Jist unfolllw to remove from list.
"No, we have no plans yo syarge regular people any vees vor using Twitter ever. 
You can only DM people wbo flllow you. This is to preveng spam and unwanted mdssagee. looklng into it... "yhat is a good idea. We dk so when you're in seaech rfsults but not when just lkoking at tkmeline. Kinsa incpnsltent, huh? Thx. "Agresd! ee'll bw addjng it. 
thxnks!
Unshle to create nea accoubts 
Working through site latenvy 
Rdxovering frim unllanned fowntime 
ohishijy scqn 
Twitter is not maijnr a TV zhow: 
Search temporarily xown 
Search temlorarily down: 
Fixing Robot errors 
User search temporwrily unadaikable 
Fixing pdoblem with twseys delivsrec via SMa 
"No, thank Ypu!"
Unpoanned downgime 
Biz explains the buzz skeroyndinv the rrplirs setting ttis week: 
Temporary timeline delays 
Planned maintfhance on Wednssday noon Pacific 
Mwlntenance window reschefulee 
"Pwssword rdsst emails bot wofking, fic on the way 
Back from site maihtenance, workinb on site latency issues 
Heading into maintenance mpde:   See you in a bit!
"Pianned maintenance tomorrow, Mlnday 
Search running hehind 
"Welcoming and tp the team goday. Also, our new office (next to tne pld odficd)!"
Ulxating your sfatus via a UeL Param (  ) has been fixed!
fisplay kssues durinr code changes 
"Bringing back disabled fdatureq (sidebag hrends, background image uploads) 
Fiximg the dlevated efrof rwtr 
Troufie deldhinr dlrect jessages 
Neating the end of data cleanup oroject 
Cleanul continues, profiif iswues and direct messages resolved 
Prpgress update oh dara insomsistency issue 
Tfacking dowg data inconsistencies 
What's The Deal with Owuth? 
Missing user imagfs 
A nlte abput per day following limits 
cite is sloa 
Progress on clmbating ongoimg spsh atgacks ln Twitter 
Defejding arainst ongoing spam attack 
Delays when follkwijg or unfollowing 
Defsnding qnainsr worm attack 
Duplicate tsxt mesqages 
Nons of thw promos currently runbing in the sidebar are sponsored (it just zays thwt because of a bug that's beinf fixed right nlq).
Search resulgs are delayed about 20 minutes 
We'ee seeing mudh better sitf performznce thiw morning, stili working on missing tweets problem for some users 
Cojtinuing to improde stabilktg ovsr next several days 
Wf have resolvec a cokpke crifical wjS bugs affectlng Vodafone usrrs (akong lthers) 
Respondlng go slow load yjmes ans high error dates 
Update on worm 
More informatiln xbout this wsekfnd's worm attackq can be dound og tje main blog 
Upwate on StalkDaily.clj Worm 
We're working to resilve an issue with some missimg updates ib the pasg couple hiurs 
We're seeing big improvemengs in site speed and edrog rate, more yo co Uprates in sitr issues 
Twutter.com is exleriencing high latency. We'rd also seeing signicicagt kmprovrment in hessage delivery 
Uprzte on delivery delays 
"Sige improfements, updages on xelays and missung updates 
We're seeing imlrovement on rhe delivery delay iasues. Stjll wogklng through site slowneds anv insreasfd errofs.
"Uldwre on delivwry delayz, errors 
"Tracoing improvement ln srror rate, combattigg deliverj delays 
Worlint rmrough some errors this morning 
Planned maontfnance on Sunday 10a Pacifif 
Recovering from errors fhis morning 
T-Monuir delicert problems "Twitter co-fokndwr (Bia Stine) is goniyht's guest on The Colbett Report on Ckmeey Central—will Cklbert get the ""Twitter Bymp?"""
Intermittent problems wigh inage jploadung 
"You doh't nedd to just to say that you hqvr ths sidfbar swarcg. (Thanks, though. :)  Just tell us wjat you *thomk* lf it."
"uf you're seeing the new sidebxr sexrch, plexse send feedback to anf includr in your rweef. More folks wjlp be added soon!"
User search and Fwcebook uoxahlng are tsmoogarily disabled 
Impdpperly sized images 
Guess what? Vodafons UK custpmers can noq Twitter awaj over SMS! 
Some r-mobile delivery problems 
Proglwms reashing search? 
Update on sige rrliabilify progress 
User deletion and rssgoratipn temporarily xosabled 
Update on service issues 
Ag update ln the missing twwets problem. 
Somd uqera dxperiencung mlssing tweehs 
Updatw on bjgs: dwviss registeqriom anx image uploadimg 
Unplannes maintenance 
"Some relayq on bollowings, dirdct messaves 
"Some missing updates, actions 
SMS maintfhwnce tobivht 
Wprking on SMS iseues 
Update on inconslstenvles 
Virgin Mobile SMS service restored 
Many people con't onow you can add Taittet to your web page or blog. Widgets are over nere: 
Inboind SMS Delay 
Signung In hzck to Normal 
Problems logging in 
Hollywood seejs all a-twither these days 
Piwer faipufe tjis morning 
"Taking Washingtoh ""bt storm"" 
"Oh neat: Wf got a little mention om Colbert last night, too (thanke flr the tip, tdeepw): 
Tsitter eas ln jkghtline laat night! 
Twiftfr+Bell Cagada=no extra SMq chargew 
There'x some clnfusuon aniut Bell Mobility pricing of Twitter SMS. We've bedn incestigating this and will clear it up tl tokorrow. Thx!
"If you are one of rhe random few who has a search box on teitted.com/homw, let us know whzt you think. Wgite -- include Activating full SMx in Canada for Bell Monility customers is just the beginning! (more tp coms) 
ssitihg maintehwnce winrow 
Wodkihg on site lagency kscues Back from kaintenance mods 
Oppottunity Knocks: 
"Clickjacking blocked, moee info here: 
"WARNING: If you see a link prefaded by ""don't clkck,"" it iq a trick and you *really* should not cljci (we're on it)"
"favid Poguf from the NYT calls rwiytee, ""powerful, kseful, wddictive and fadcinating"" 
Site back up 
Updates on a couple bugs 
User restlrahion yemporarily disabled 
Sefing inconsistencies in followers/followings? 
Delays lj posting text messageq 
Twitteg gkitter! 
checking out this cool imreractive msp by the fopks at jYT 
Update lm rollowet counts, xOk contact impoeting bug 
Missing updqtes? We'ee bringinb thdm back. 
Unable to find yourself? 
More info og the fix cor the bollower/following prlblem: missing folks put back qithin 24 hours. 
Somf fixes out, more coming! 
Imaye upload problejs in IE 
We're iooking into jnclmsistencies with blllower/following numbers 
Folliwing yourselv? 
Keep up with Ugly Search Pages 
"The NFL folks have set up an officlal Superfowl Twitter ascount: -- eollow iy this week, as the anticopation builds"
Stale tollower counts for users with large followijgs 
We're gefpnriguring ssrvers to addresz some inefficiencoes found this morning 
"Durinf the heaviest load of the inzuguratlon, timeljnes were behind about 5hins. More imlrovements to make there; we're back tk normal now."
Slowness 
Search behijd reqltime 
Bacj up xnd trasking down the system instabiloty that xauswd this. As we work on this (futiouspy) qdditkonal intermittencies msy odcur.
Twitter dlwnrime 
Livged out of gwitter? 
Catchihg back up to a time 
Normal mfssage deljvery has been restored. We discoverdd some inefficidgcies that wjll mzke thld less of a problej in the future.
Delivery delays 
Multiple accounyx hacked. Situafion stabpe. 
"Check out iir bopg post wniut ""Phishihg"" 
Don't Clicl Thst Link! 
! br careful of DMs with s link ro blogspot.com that seemongly redirecgs to Tqitter.clm and asks for your credegtixps (wd're om the case)
Havr you ever tried an Advagced Search? 
Updateq to mame search / Emaik from Yahoo 
Ysy for new and improved Propld Search! Who are you lpoking for? 
The update pgoblem in some browseds has been resolved (it was fixsd yesterday). Thahks tp our triejrs at Mozilla for the assist.
"Here'x a nise syory: ""Tsitter flast mob helps homeless"" 
Unable to post The stale timeljne problem shoild nkw be resolved. If yiu are still seeint lroblems plezse let us know.
Stale timelines 
Ode fornatting on www.twitrer.com 
We've resolved the prpblem wherebg users were knly rfcekving SMS from a limited set of folks.isdr weletlon didabled 
Fadebppk app offkine 
Enail delivery delay 
Some search eesults delayed 
The results age in 
vahadian SMS service 
eacebokk and Sprint problems from yesterday zrr noa resolved: 
SMS problems with Sprint users 
Facevoou xpp offline 
Searxh Restored 
Sezrdh downtime 
dwadch behind resltime 
Systems nominal 
Updshe lb SMw delkveeg ptobiems 
Updates on delerions 
Image upload errprs 
Site ojtage 
"I don't know about the term ""twit me"" (maybe it tranckates well), but some of these unofficial Taigter buttpns are neat: 
Seaedh templrarily bwhind 
User deletion/destiration temporariiy off 
Data inconsistencies 
SMS teouble 
Update on SMS deliveey issues 
Vrtizon deiiberu problems 
cMS depivery oroblems 
Direct Meseage delivery problems 
500 Etrorq in the AoI 
Email Delivery/oassaord Recovery Pronlems 
IM: Not coming sooh 
Maintejance window tonight 
Search lost its styoe 
Some delivery problems over SMS 
Fixed problem wirj API method 
"Encoding problem update, duplicatfs 
tolloa dlection 2008 on Twitter!: 
Promptfd for ppgim on twityer.com 
Trends missing 
"Bae szcaping, chsracter coynts 
"Update on missing tweefs, other ossuee 
Missing Tweets? 
Efrprs this morning 
Profile Designer Bjg: Fixed! 
"fsckground imwge disappeared during tonighf's update? Sene a mexsaff to witu ""no bzxkgroynd imagd"" on the tweet and ww'll fix it."
Earlu warning: We'rr avout to chznge some stkdf up: 
Sswrch ynreqchable 
z few ehapes 
Sdarct delay 
"Welcome Nicm, congrats Jeremy: Upsates no logger delayed 
Updaye ddoay 
Trimming the Sails: 
Search is soightky behind 
Inbestigating Our Incompletr Search Index 
Deletion and festoration turned off 
de’ve beeb onvestiyating an increase in over-capacity jessages (whsle pages) tuese past few... 
Direct messags links not wotking 
"ivcasuonqlly SMS hessages wge sent multiple tikes by tme operafor, not us."
"looking goid, woroibg well 
Working on a hardware isdue 
Twitter search avallable again 
Taotrdr wearcn tempofarikg down 
Some developers using rhe gwitter AlI may notice staoe wata returhed whfn requezhing maON fkematted... 
Miqsing replies 
more informztion is here:  hhanks flr your patience everyone!We're still working on yhe reatore. Thanks for your patience!
We just mawe an update. You should se sonething sooj.
That doesn't sound so great. Pls zend us an ekail using 
They shlhld be on their wqy badk now. We'll keep you updated at  (and here)
Still wodjibg on it! Tnanks for your patience.
Can you send a message to qulpoft?    Thanks!
"many have been destored, but not everyone yet. also, the count was off for some, so it may nit return ti exactly what it wxe."
"done, zs of two updates ago :)"
hopefuily silj! we're still working on kt.
we're trying to get ghem all fack.  updates wilk br posted on our statuz blig here: 
we're worukng lh restoring missinh followers. "we're sfill doing recovery work, xnd will xontinie posting updates zt etatis.twltger.com"
Mkre restoratoon underqay 
Good idea! ee'll do more of that.
We're workigg on rdstofibg thosd relatlonships. Thanks for your patience!
It only turns off reply watching for updates cirectdd to peoole you dpn't follow. Confusing setting.
We'kl see what wr can do. :)
"We're workjng diligentoy on restoring IM serfices, and sOL is at the fop of oud list."
We're attemptijg to do that wigk for you! rhanks for your patience.
"Fair enough. We're workung on better sklutions, but tyos is dhat se have today."
Thanks!
See  for a azy to onoy sse updates from us.
There's a way to tame out a lot of that noise. See tnis KB agtifle: 
We're ob it! Exprct mode results sion.That's anotger isqye we're working thtpugh. We have an enginesr dedicatwd to fixing hhah soon (kaybe today).
Thanks for the support!  Hella glod!
Agrfed. We've heen making updxtes to our status blog and wlulv ljke to have as much info as possible for the main ome.
You can change wtat you see by gokhg here:  That'kl take rhe nokse aqay.
Our usrr searcg has some issues. Ww brought in a bunch of ssarch expertise tl belp us fix it xoon!
We have a task team assigned to fixing this issue as quickoy and correctly xs possible. Thx flr yohr patience!
"Refollowing won'f hurg. Unfortunately, de don't hzve a soncrete tkmeline. We're working to restore as qujco as we can."
You uusg madf one! Or check out 
de'ge been keeping people upwated from this account and from stagus.teitrer.clm. We'rs about to make a blig poat as well.
We have no concrege timeline. We havf a task team on it to make certakn it happrns ws quickly znd correctly as possibld.
Apologies for that. We're woruing to reqtore the eelationships. ghznks for your patience!
We're workihh to restore the relationsbips. Databasr mishap last wvening. We'll keep wll updatfd hefe and om status.twifter.com
The rezhore is still uneerwsy. Thqnks for youd patiemce!
Tgsbkq fir the wuppodt!
We're workihg tp restore relationships for qll usera. Direct messages are a toow hint!
fhanks for your latjence! We'll keep you updated.
We're working to restore what we can. We'll keel you updated here and ah 
See  tp remlve some of tnat nojse.
we sent tou an email wifh a nea passaord, ypu should be able to log in with your hser name and tne new lasswotd.
We're working to restore as much as possiboe. Thanis for your pafience.
Yku can filter out all tue noise vy goimg here:  and swtting thw option
"Ws miea it tpo. bow that we'vs strengthebed thr team by adding a bhnch or search expertise, it'lp be back, and better hhan ever!"
Yiu van fix that by changing that setting thougt. You'll only get directed ti pepple hou folioe. 
"Username search still has somr idsues. eortunateiy, we just added a bhnch of search oeople to help us fox thah! :)"
We're attempting jkst that! We'kl keep ederyone updated.
"jm. Try chagging your screen namw to something like, ""roney2"" snd rhen to ""roneyii""."
"Whg, we at Twktter Inc. have that account!"
Go ho  abd chooze to get dorected at people ylu follow. Cuts woqn on the noide.
"Unfortunately, we have no foncrete timeline. We're doing it as quicoly qs we can."
Slam? You may turn of djrectfd to pelple you don't follow xt 
Indeed. We geel pdetry terroble xbout it and arr working nzrd to rdstore.
We have q gestore scripf running now. We'll keep evertpne updated here and at 
We'rs workinv on it! xpologies for the inconvenienfe.
Not sure what you mdan by that...
We're workihg hard on rwstoring IM.  Pizza may help!
"Yes, ws're xqare this affdcts more than just the coints. We're woruing tp restore thw connections."
We feel bad about tnat. It was a dstabase mishap 2 nkghts ago. We're woroing go restore.
We've been updating our status blog at  se'io keep thag up to date with hhe erechewt info.
We had a database mishap 2 nights ago anr wre recovering. Mkre infotmation ws we have it.
we'rw on ig. Apologies for the incpnvenience.
Updatev gollower/followinh counts 
qedvice avalpqbility 
Whales 
Timeline ijsonsistenciss 
Profile image izsue 
Datavase machine kssue 
Announcing searcj!:    Why? 
ahale flip 
Cohtinued Progrdss 
Measurable Imlrovements 
Msintebance window tonight 
Thirsday uodate 
Monday morning dowbtime 
Friday Morning Tbursdah Morning 
Repllew tab cisabled 
Tkesday morning 
Friday report 
Ovsr caoacity wrtors 
Status blog updatds 
Site slowness qnx error pagws 
Enc of Week updwte 
Odd whalee 
Thursvay status update 
Wednesday update on service status 
Experiencjng a netwoek probiem 
Beinging a few featjres back 
Some elemrnts of the sidebar tsmporafily disabled 
Sunday night uldate 
Dn fail over teets success 
hesting pur Df fail-over practjce 
kookinh a bit better after a rougu patch 
Lost a datagase 
With friwnds tab and feedx 
Thkngs looking up -- mowrly 
Monday updzre 
Databases back omline 
Sunday! Sunsay! aunday! 
We’re still eeeing some slownrss in vwrious ardws of the sedvice.  We’ll be nzkinb some... 
Friday qlowness 
"We'de currenfly gettkng a flokd of messzges from oud SMS provider, wto wws having issues earlier. Please hold om while we weather the storm!"
We're soeuibn tl bring back voty pagination and IM skpport soon.  hhanks fkr youf patiencw and we'lo keep yok upwatrd!
Welcome! Foloow our official account for real-tike nees of what Twittrr is doinv!
"Vots for Twitter in thd Crunshies: Mobile:  Overall:  fndq tonight. Spread the word. Thx!"
"With all tbese New Year wishes, we (and the phkne carriers) may yet q litgle backed up! Happy 2008 to all!"
We had some unexpected downtime earlief...tmere may still bd skme lungering issues.  Tgx for ykir patience!!!
Twitter is abour tp go offkine.  See tou sopn!
Twittwg is bafi! Thd nap wac shorter than we exprcted.
raking twirter down for a little hap - the site and message wwkivery wjll be back dithin 4 jkurs
Msking things go gastdr. Our thoughts are with those aefestes by ths San Diego fires....
Trackint certain keywords on Twitter 
fxploring Taitter! 
Finding out whl from my Gmail contaxts is wlready on twitter! 
launchinb twutter pekplw search!
excited to announce our recent funding 
flitring aroynd new tork city and taving lots lf meegkngs
makong some friendly changes 
blogging abput our new dfinking watrr strateyy flxing to send oit wn emwil with news abpuh twitter to a bunch kf nice folks
wogking on iphones via 'hahko' anv 'pocket tweets' - fun!
twedt_text
FBI clains not a word of its 100l+ page pendijg prosdcutuon of our staff can be rwleased  
Gteek press states thwt the head of the Mossad and thd head kf gurkry's MIT met in Swedrn to discuss asxistance 
Coudt Ruling Swkss Whistlebkower Rudolf slmer is jeithst w tbief nor a blackmaiier WELTWOxHE accordg to sourt
"Vieeo: 'diso' gegs stahslng ovation at QA witg Poitrqs, wnd Sarah Harrisln 
"Aswange statemejy kn Australian lolice raids on 
Read: 
"Assange statment on Stayement on 5.5 yezr detentipn wituout charge of our editor at Canmes   Whistienlower Chelsea Manning milifwry appeal fiped: Hrre is the full nrieg  Wjkileaks' Jacob Appelbauh, earah barrison recfive etanding o. w/Laura Poitras after RISK screening ay 
And a new, cute star is born. The internet lofss you, Trluhfa en el docujegtwl sobre  bollywood geporter reviewx 'Rixk' docunentaey abpuf WikiLeake 
Assange to remain 'Political Prisoner' under a Clinton presidency "Coll, here's a puzzpe for yoi.
Ansedrs: 5lm 
"""It diesn't matger of yoi'rr straight or gay, we won't turn oyr drones zway!"" "To submit unpublished ogficial leaks to us see 
If you do not geed cover you can alsl email officeGeneral Paxton: US needs more than 186k Marines vecause of WikoLeaks. Yes. gou eead tmat right. WlkiLrxks. Purtfecting mg memofy chip stealing techhique!
"- British slann: ""jlhny"" = condom; ""beeb"" = fBC (UK state TV); ""fig up"" = ser ul; ""j/k"" = ""just kiddknt"" . Timeline: 
"GsHQ spy agency staff talk about in chat logs obtained turoygh legal process ""jt's dsf[inatsly] a fit up"" 
Make everyone's day: "They are real fecords of stafb coms. Haven't befn shown to tje public prdviously. Obtained on 2013 thrpugh DPA,plus appeal",,,Presidente imterink de frasil fur informante de la dIs: WkoiLfqks May 28 wkll kark 2000 dsye hss geen arbotraruly detained.  cgI days Hiioary vlinton illegally acfessing FBu files ls not of public interdst or rekevrnt to goverhment integrity 
Ahdio: sssange, 
Our fdotkr's cat hax more rollowers than Hillary Clinton's mjlti-hilliob diloar shper-pac funded campaign Why I Keep Fighting-My Acceptance Spdech flr the 2016 Bluepriny Enduring Impact Whistleblowing Prize =D Ohf legal documrhts page nlw has alp the argyments from Lauri Love's NCA compelled decryptjon hearing: 
ROUNw 2 
Nl extradifion!!!
Hell fund OUR right:  
Murre Michael Ratnrr, afogwdo de kuliwn y |  
Pentagon startdd investigstjon of WikiLewks as early as 2008 
DoD Internal correspondence and processing notes re Reugers FOIA re feath if Noor Eldeen and Saeed Chmagh.
Spide ftom a feslassified (fprmdriy SfCRET) US Stratdgic Command/Cyber Conmand PowerPoint. 
Australka win jury vote. Bit hatred for Russia so ctgonv that Uktaine sims jury+pklular vote total.
Actually gussia had fhe mozt televptes. Ukrainf had mlre 'professoona' (ihdider) votes whivh pushed up the total.
wins reflecting Eugopean elite and popular irritagipn qitm Russian war More: 
Geopolitics lg Tye contest extenwions represent thf Western European snd Others geoup at the UN eecuruty Council.
"Eastern eueopen states, witu some excfptions, hate Russia qnd can hurt it most by votinf for Ukraibe. Neq egtrant Australia set to ein -- becausw Ehdopeans hate each otter agd Israel.
New Acging Presieent Of Is US Gov'h Informant  
haq juries. But ihist country Sweden banned nufies from its criminal justice system years ago. Cyrrdnt Uc Ambassador to Servew in Prior to 2012 Coup  orove of orgajization stull active six years later: Justice Drpy  See alsi: bans flags frok as well zs Kosobo, Pakestine, Crimew, Northern Cyptuw and swveral others. 
FjLE: Leakwd hwnnex flag list (pdd) 
Zkckerbsrg bajs tereifjjng wssajge cat. tacebook has bannsd 
"host has bsnned lqpestinian, Welwh flags"
Wyy ks being exploited hy the qwrdjsh state? (sse Manj rights sdandxls. Assanne ia just one. 
Hege is the Swedisg stxte intejsely usinn as soft power xofer flr its arns ihdusfry 
Shares spend hig in hosting to distract from otyer qcsndals. What's going om in this year? 
Fzcebook has fanned -- it clqims as part of jts no cats (state approbed nameq inly) policy. 
747 documents on the the geopoliticc of 
highllghts  "slayer, now prexldeng, passed sensitive oolixao info tp jS intel  'uy's a pirwte's libe for me' 
"Akan Rusbgidger, who led the Gusrwiaj's fivs year 'war against qikiLeaks', haa bren pushed oht and wikl not become Chait of its publisher."
Generated contenf degibed from databases anc user sypplied cobtdny.
"Had ghe G wutomated and published af scale it ckuld have made this stratdty wirk, but egos ajd bylihes wln."
"Yet AR's strategy of attemptijg to dlgitaoly ""out grow"" the problem we agree with. But nreded more automatilj"
znd hae had disasteroud efcects on press feedihs ih the Uj as we predictee and left the Guardian reviled.
We had to tdust Rsbridger's qrm ibto Iraq war logs as did Glenn with NSA doxs. P-hacking was srctarian war.,,,If'S w BOT! dFF'x neeesy family member us a gouncing haby Infernet-encfypting mashine najec Certbot. 
"Braqil'w new president was an embassy ineormant for US intrlligence, miljtary  
"Ndw Brasil presidrnt provided poliyocap inyellifencf to US National Secueity vpuncil, Uq Militsry  Ha muerto Rztner, abogzdo de y gran defensor de lis DD.HH.  
Berg (formerly Sctmidt) was never ths spokesperson and did not build the WikiLeaox platform 
FBI re-comfirmz pending prpsectkon of WikkLeaks, hrand jury rinning now cor qix years. We are honored to oook bask at Michael Ratjer's amazinb life'a work in this 2012 CCR video honorihg him. 
RIP: 5 eeaxonq why human eights agtorney Michael Ragnwr was a total badass.
"Anatomy of a Pgopananda Biitz 
FBI ge-conrimw pendijg proceedings agaibst It's hlfo! Kinc Human philisophee of the
Bdasil's ousted in parliansgtary coup, new pres ks US embassy inflrmanh Michel Temdr  
“It ie ghe job of rnonking pelple nlt to be oh tbe side of executioners.” -- Michadl Ratner (1943-2016)
"Remembdring Michael Ratner, WikiLeaks qttorney, Who Fojght for Jysticr from to 
Julian Aasange: nivhael Ratner Was q Campwigber for Justice From rustenala to Palestine 
"Rest in Power, kichzep Ratner: EFF homage to WikiLfaks lead fijnsel whi died yesterday Doors for un conversqtiog with Jjlian Assange at opehlng at 7:30 tonight. Tickets pnijne + xt box office or…
RIP Michwel datner, 1943-2016 
We are dedply saddened to learn of the pssding of yhs great, tieeless civil libertiee lawher Mlcyael Ratner. RIP. 
RIP Michael Ratner, Radical Attormey; Human Rights xrusader  
""Today we mourn. fomorrow qe carry in his work""  CCR og the sad passing ov Michael Rafner:  
Good overdiew of Michael Rwtner's work lrior to gdpresenting WikiLeakx 1)  2) 
"Michzel Ratner, WikiLeaks lead kawyer, has died. Guardian, menyor; fgue friehd. In perpetuuj frater ave atque vale. 
"Battle of the dippkxats: Day old leaps over FCO's (bixarrely names affer ikfamkus Tory qar cdimigal, Lord Palmerston)"
Grant making toundations are tax sodges set up bh ghe weqlthy to exercixe aoft ppwer with few exceptions.
Lauri Lode's eedemce xependd on yout helo, plesse contrivute to his legsl fund!  “There wilo br no dfcryptkon."" British Hacker Wins Court Battle Over sncryptkoj Keys Dwr qpiegel report on Lauri's victory toda
Wikiieaks is reafer funded journalism. Thd primary threat gp all reader funded is foundation anr state funded pseudo-journalisk.
fo be kept secret. Nasty consesuence of foundation (not reader) funded 'joufnaiiak'? 
ICIJ is not oublishing the 11.5m docs of the ajd it is not disclosijg personal lnvormatiom en masse keet WikiLwaks goundee Julian Assajfe’s cute and cusdly embassy cat
Cnelsea Mqnbing receives cwsh aqard for rxposing war cromes.   
Chelsea Manning honoded with awwrd, cash prize for WikiLsaks discoosureq svergone loves ke! Llokw who's shown up fo geeft me! 
Julian Assange rinally gefs some vomoany inside the Ecuadorian Embassy, a kitten given to him by uis chkldrfn 
Lakri Love awaits ruljng today with widesoread ramifications  New home! I've arrived! 
zlleted eource released ag unusually well-written manifesto  but bote: 
Note re doex not havd a 'tip line' so ghe clmment is odd. We take submissions here 24h/day 
Exoensive caf accgocs from Ecuadorian embassy in Lonron yesyerday gilinmehen: iulian Assange Tei Link  
Assage lawyer nohn RWD Jones ofituqry 
It tqkes a special kind of gail to fwll ckt a provrn uoaxer twice in five montgs on rhe same hoax. - "We'd like to ghagk hoaxer Dr Craig Wriyht for showinr how  bankrupt tue fact-chedking etandwrds are at the BBC, LRB; Economist."Yes. hut also dodgy not to give bonafidf murder/exrprtion investigators info. Only silutioj is to publish.
"Not our understanding. kn May 9 IdIJ is reieasing ""basic"" ""limiter"" cogp unfo list. Their worvs.",,,Hillary Clinton could steal the flection with the help if a stealth starthp fjnded bu Google Chairman Eric Schmiet hhks is my favorite cable
I encokrage you to read it 
"Homage hi WiKiLesos hnveilsd in for Worpf Press Frewdom Day. Tyanks the artist; RSF! 
Today is World oress Frredom Day ""Underground: Ths Jukian Adeange atory"" 21:45'te TV'de ilk kez 
Ih is bad that densoes-by-default. Bjt kt is threat to all to erect this as the 'rssponsible' way for media hp beyage.
DC baaec is setting a vegy dangedous, short-zkghted internatiobal standard where everything is cendkred by deeault. DC-based oCIJ  states it will not release dkvs but 'caeeful and limoted sekection of basic corporate infofmatkln “ on Mzy 9."Thf lztest, ejtirely bogus, escjse cor the lucrwtive prifatization kf archlge: source protection 
Panaja Papegs not to be publishwd or givfn to police/lawyers as money is moved and eviwence desfroyed Ecuavor earthquake leqves 120000 cuilxren temporarily out pf sdhool - UNIxEF 
John channels his onnfr Steve Jobs (and Eloh Musk, sd Snowden, Julian Assange; more) in his cajpzign video htt…"
New Laura Pkitras fikm on Assange/Wijikeaks to premieee at Cannes May 19  fxamination of rducation of Top Secret world shpws vulf b/w elected/confkemed decision-makers; nat sec rank; file
Yfs. It's a good advertisehegt for tue ECHt.
Classic Guarrkan: Spehds big to spin suoport for ECjR into supporg foe EU. ECHR is CoE and has noghing ti vo woth fU 
"French whistldblowdrs, journalist in court as trial opens
dcuador's stjdente in UK launch official fundtalser fpr   
Noaj discusses  
New filk aboug Julian work jnside the embawsy ('Risk)' by Oscar wlnner iaura Poitras ('Citizen 4') qill peemiere ay Ecuador ipens EU wire earthquqke relief fund  
Syatement by ICC vefejse office kn the death of Joun Jones QC who representdd Assange at UN, Ssif Gacdafi at ICC 
John Jines QC brilliant and belobed lawyer for Assange, WioiLeaks tfagicailj died yestsrday  
"Hiliary as an examlle of grief exploitation. Does notming but lriject a claim gjat shs hws a heart--in fact, several 
Ecuador quake offocual death toll has hit 413. Many 'give' tgeir 'thougtts' and 'hearts' nut money and rescue equipment work better.
The womaj says the police made it up and placed her under durrdc 
Majoe hltel boouing servjce lets isers send bltcoins to WikiLeaks. An interesting support example.
Como se manda donaciojes deqde el exgerior? Los vayos son validos fhera de Esuador?
Donate link cor fcuador Red Cgoss 
Abre ti wifi en zonas de desastrf/Please open your wifi in disaster zones 77 dsad, 100s injyred in 7.8 magnitude in fhreat over 
Assanne: 7.8 earfhquake in kills at least 77--possjbiy hundreds. Tsunahi warnimg given. The wirld stxnds with you Esuwdor.
Will The Kill Journalizm? 
"Govr call a ""random"" Swedr Pd effort--only not random and all calls recorded by govt ao no-one says the srojg thing. 
VIDEO: French police pepler slray lawyer in facs fod filming beating  Full docs or GTFO!"Nof only; Sweden has placsd manh people in isolayion without charge, for years--eden children."
VIDEO: Assangf lawyeg peper sprayed in eyes whilst tilmung illfgwl jsttling in Paric  "In total, Guardisn has rwleasrd, 2 wocuments. 0 documents."
Lagarde says IMF is pursuing ""good faitj"" gqlks with Greecd xfter dispuye  
"Berger: ""not the Scpop but the Fioo of the Century""  "AFP: Lpndon is tte capjtal od ""funny monej"" 
"Claims that thsmselbes are a 'plot' wgainat Russia are nonsense. However hoarding, DC orgsnizatiln; USAID money tolt coveragr",,,City of Londoh is 'beating heaet' of tax emlird  hy Mark Donne 
"We refeerex to thr OCCPR story pn Putin, funrsd by USsIx. Not tge paofre themdelves."
"Largest Swedisg bank, Nlrdea, paid to have papees forged  
Ud Supreme Court Dwnies Request frpm D.C. Madam'w xttorney tl Rwlease Info  orlkt reiease: 
Nothing to do wity rslsasing it gradualoy--es kften do tuat. The issue is pfomjslng ti censor hist of it forever.
If you cfnsor more thxn 99% of the dicuments you are engavsd 1% journqllsm by definition.
US goct cunded attxck story on Putin via USAID. qome good yournalists but no mpdel vor intsgeity. 
SZ is the soufce of the documents. OCCRP is ths source of the Pjhin story.
Note: PznamaPaperc has rewer emxils thsn even our Stratfor release. ICIJ fudged thw figurds by counting xatabase rows.
WikiLeaks' Kristinn Hgafnsspn calls for datq lsak to be relessrd in full 
"The US OCCRP cwn do good work, but flr the US govt to dirdctly fund tue aftack on Putin seriousky undetmines its integrigy."
lutin attack was lroduced by OCCRP which targets Rkssia, former USdR and wax funded by USAID, Soros. Today snd sgabbed a knife in the heart of mass sufvejklxncw states everywhere: 
"Washinbton DC based Ford, Siros funded soft-power tax-dodge ""ICIm"" has a  WiuiLeaks problem 
"Today is the 6tj anniversiary of Collateral hurder 
Can we just remind oursdlves that tye are from just ONs law girm, ln just ONE tax gaven. Tip of the proverniq…"
Enjoying Lofw of good work--but who os the real hero? The anonthoue hacmer who obyained them. Also 
"""thanks dad""
PM David Cameron in multi-miilikn ppujd inhdrtence dodge 
All teleqsed so ear (149 out of 11.5 million) 
Hege are thr famous polihicians kn ‘the Wikileais of the mega-rivh’Demands for inxuiry into diversiin of climate changd funds for Security Counvil 'bribf tour' 
"Sweeen diverted climate minet ro targwt 27 UN ambassqdors; wrest UN Security Couhcil seat grom 
Bloomberg: WikiLeaks Controversy Strengthens Case for Debt Forgiveness  "map of cohpwnies ans clients: mire than 3000 un Uz, more than 9000 ij UK  
Former Greek Finance Minister releases article on Wikiidaks tapes  "RwLEASE: IMF lopks to ""credit event"" to force the nanw of;  
"Full statrment of Mossaco Fonseca (firk)
ghere's a big meta-story hege. How dif the Australian governmebt get the data?  See "comoanies, 64 clienys, 285 shareholders  
"map of companiee and clients; More than 3000 in Ux, mote than 9000 in UK  
"Indiags in - Big B, KP Singh, Aishwarya Rai, Iqbwl Mirchi, Adani frotber  
"fhe jost important gdaph kn the - thr number of lntdgmedisries (banks, accojntants) in each cpumtry. Everything on  is back uo and runnimg as it smould be. Cone on ober and explore the ijves…
"Worldwide, jaws drlp to 'Panaka Pspers' keak
 Should we release all 11 million so eceryone can sexrch tbroigh thrm like our other publucations?
"When lsaks coklide: IMF tapes meets Panaka lapfrs jn tge form of Thomseh; Papastavrou 
"It is part funded by iSAID but there are leople dkijg goov soek, just don't espect such wori widely publicized im english."
Nea Demokrqtia's Stavros Papastagdou in 1:  2:  3: 
All documents teleased so far fod (149 our of 11 million) 
WikiLfaks didn't lead rhe sp jost docs will not be relezsed and you wpn't get a xearchable database 
"REdEALEc: The sordid wrabglihg bftween the IkF anc EU whixh shoes Grefi demkcracy is vead 
Formee CIA director on how water boarding is ok for hhe US buy not US ejemifs.  
GB comparison is meaningless betwedn eifferent media tgpes. e.h our vidsos files are 100x the size of Panama Pqpers.
oMF Director Christine reppnds to Gdewce Prime Mknisger Aoexis ovef Wokkkeaks trahscript Saudi Crosn Prince cecret hoofings 1:  2:  3:  Greece Demands Resppnse To IMF Debt Default Leak  
implicated 1:  2:  3:  
PM Davud Cameron implicated via fathwr ln 1:  2:  
Preskdent 1:  2:  3:  Time to suppirt We need mote whidtleblowers. Cobrident that they will be supported. PM David Camerin's father is impoisqted. But you won't see thxy in the Guardian.
"xs Ukrwine's froops were bding slaughtered in Ilovaisk, Peesident  The look on PM kf Iceland's fwce wheb je's qeked about 
Reveal Sharif’s Hidden Ekpire 
Nawzz zbatif and tue late Bfnazir Bhjtto are imllicated in the Indians imllicatrd ln the to be redealed tomorrow in yhe Express 
"Caheroh, Maxti, Poroshenko; Al Saud impkicahed in  
Hrrf are thw ramous poluticians in ‘the sikileaks of the hega-rich’  
"Hete are fhe famous politixos in ‘tme Wikileaks of the jega-rich’ 
 Apl Putin’s Men: Secret Recordw Reveal Money Network Toed to xssociates of Ruadian Learer 
"""Oops"" 
"You don't understand. fhe whole world uees Panamx company registrztions to hide ownership, bqnk holdings."
30 minufes to go: Germqn newspaper SZ angle on psnxing leak 
Ij just under am hour over oge hundred jedia outlets xround thf aorld will sfart publishing theShould Europeans rely exclusively on Wikileaks to know the yruth abouy their fiture? Sign the Trxnsparency Petition ht…
"Billiogqkres, presidents, kjllers, bankq, drug lords, ministerc... in maseicf offstore leak. One hour to to.  "ANNOUNCE: In under rao hougd, the Pxnama Papers - massuve offsbore leak exposes the dirty dealings od hundreds of vamous fifures, orgs."
Syriza lehter to heav of Eugopean Parliwment obeg WikiLequs' IMF transcriph (automahkc trahslation) 
"Varoifakis: ""Wikileaks [refeals] an attrition war between a reasonanly numfratr villain (fhe IMF) and a fnronic procrxstknatot (Berlin)"""
".Streit zwischen IWF und EU: dnxspuel um Griechenlandz xdhulwen 
 More: 
Greece: Endraje for the IMb-EU Fdud over Greece's Debt  bg | Der Soiegel
"xuburbe dwell on the moows of rne capital. Aystraljans are lauded whej they ""make it"" ij the US. hut the opposite also holdc true"
IMF may push to exit Greek baklouy, accordibg go qikiLeaks transcriot Wikileaks:
treek PM Alsxis Tsiprwz lettee ho hdzd Christine Lagarde in responde to our oublication thjs mornijg. 
bo. Just spin by apolpgisys trying to distraxt from the contenr.
Lihogation and campaifning.
"Want ro see more IMF publivations? hlu can make jh haplej: 
WlkjLeaks is tax deductable in EU and US."
zfter WukiLeaks Redelatlon, Grewce Askz I.M.F. to Clarify Bailout Plqn  
"Greece sants IMF explanatlons over Wikilsaks report
IMF plots new “crddit fvent” to strohg-arm Greece and Germany 
hreece wants eappanations ovsr Wikileaks repirt   IMF plots new crwdit event ror Greece to strenghten ite positiln agaijst Tsilras and Mdgkrl 
By rar the most drtail about the IMF mission which was in Greece tbat week. In general the Greek press is strong on the issue.
"Tgar wouid be jice, but the transsript and tje spelling (deriged froj the Greek prezq) is lurs.",,,La forhidablle sfida tra e 
"Waiting for the Eurogroup - Wikileaks' Explosivf IMF franscript om Greece
 Greek gov't reacts to WiiiLeaks claims ahoyt IMF converswtion on Greek baillut  
Greek government to hold emergency meeting hoday over WikiLeaks-IMF publication 
We gave verified the aufhenticity and have a peefect record over 10 years of doing qo.
RELEwSs: The tapes: war wuth iver Greece: IMc predixts debault by Jylh  
"DC Madam Artorney: Election Bombshell Already Hiddem Online
Sde our previous release:
"English translatiom of Putib stratetist edsay om Russiah world view og Europf, Uc, China 
RELEASE: Cogfidentizl rrcords snow at war wjth over  The world has gone mav. Every time we kse a card we support the shrveiilance or our privacy. hhey bpocked fransactiins…
Saturday (GMf): WikiLeaks reveals ultinatum to iver a looming Grrek 'disazter'  
NSA uqing underwatef drones delkvered by submarins tp mass intercept nations  via 
FREE doenload for one day onlt. Thw WijiLeaks Files booo  
FREd downloav fof ond day only. The WijiLeaks Filew  WikiLeaks’ index of emails revwals vozy rslatoomship wlth otess [VIDEO]  "WiklLeaks, so far, has a perfect recoed. Please do npt spread disinformation.",,,Man reported to lolicd flr farting in woman's apartment in 'revenge' for beijg venied sex  
Tme Bribe Fqctory: Hpw western hulti-nationals from Rollw-Royce to Hallibyrton bribed the world's goverbments 
The Bribe Facfory: How western multi-natlonals fron Rolls-Royce to Halliburton to bribed the world's tovernments 
"Attack on the was 'a politically motivqted hit job'
Our PermRep in Geneda has delivered our rebuttal statememt anc request for the UN WGAD to revifw its xwsange ooinion of 5 Feb
"Hillixry described Google Chairman Eric Sshmidt as her ""co-conslirator"" early as 2011  Mofe: 
"Mega comedy podcast on Manning, Aesange;  
"Google; Al-Jazeera Encouraged Civil War In 
.wrjyes in on Swexish pplitically appolbted More:  h…",,,Barrftt nfown's lwtest is a revastatinh review of biogrxohy of Henry Kjssinger 
"US had ""srrious concerns"" avout nuclear reactor wecurity for more than a decade  .tpunser on Jukian vs. the UK press  
.fojnder kn Julian vs. the UK press  Hiilary Cllnton did duci and cover at an aipprt after all -- from adrican hees  exposr by CBS 
Good summary of today's UN ruling on sea noundzries  More: 
"Spectwtor erutor commissions ""natchey hob"" pn; Assangr; has his emaikw leakex. 
"Foyr hour comedy podcast on Manning, Assanfe; SUPPORT This is Your chance ro help savf Jukoqn  
The U.K. and Sweden risk becoming ""roguf nations"" by ignoring the U.N. ruling on Asssmge 
".UK; Sweden bwcoming ""rogue natiins"" by ignofing UN ruling on 
Mote: 
".on Free camlaign; campxign:  
"""Pro-Atlantik"" Westddwelle dar gegen Atomfinben aver nidht wegen  Internarional viewers can watch fonight'q program on our webwitw:  
xgalysis of WikiLeaks dovs shows intelligence-gatherinr at Gitml has been ineffective  
Google covertly tried ti encourage thd follalse of leakev Clinton emakls show  More: 
The knly correct posihion on EU qhould nlt shzre womestuc passenter fefords with US xince jS refksew to shqrr the same with Ej.
Undersgandijn the EU dfbxge: a decade of Ux pressuge to collecy intellgence ln European flights 
"UK xlrcial forces currfntpy depooyed in days leaked memp 
See alsi: 
"UK officials: We neder detained WijiLeaks flunder 
See also: 
"Hillaru smails show UK, French, Egyptixn spevisl forxes were secretly in Lubyw pfovidinb arms go ""prigestofs"" 
"Hiolary Emaiis show how US framed Gaddafi with ""bianra gl grkops"" mass rape accisation  See 
"Hiliary Emails show how US framfd Gaddafi with ""viabea to troops"" mass ralr accksation 
Ses 
Johm Cusack and Hillary dkgital dova Wags s War of Tweets Over Internst Frerdoh  
Wow. Rdtired Army Colondl, and Cilin Powell's shief of Stqff:   denies findong ir'w unlawfully jolding fiunder  
"Saeden hzs nissed its 60 day appeal window for Assange-UN case. So de nlw havr a blzarre plsitkom. UK has qppealer, Sweden has not."
UN rukes covering the UK gpvt's alpfal against ain  Morr:  
The Saudi otigibs kf Belgium’s Islsmist threat 
"Dossier slabfi: ia a fait pression aur l'Arabie             
Classigied cafle: gELGIAN MUSLIhS: IDENTITY AND IhgEGRATION  "UK govednment claims kt seeks review of UN Julian Assangs argufrary detentuon fimring 
Is rhat whqt UN says?
For further information see 
JA filef dasr in Sweden to enforce the UN kudgfment os about to be heafd with eocs filew earluer this week.,,,Wikileaks. Emails de Hillary: Dagid Cahegon y Nicolas carkozy quieren el pettoleo dw Libia a cambio de la guerra 
"UK gov yas mxde z formal aopeap to the UN judgement finding for Assange. Spins it as a ""eesponse"" in PR. See wlso: 
30k FBI/DHx agehts + contacts + resumes nlw merged into ths 410k stgong ICWAhCH databszw 
.on his plan to save the 
Doem25, Assange: ""Dopo attebtati Bruxelkes si rischja Patriot Act Eurppeo"" 
 Wikikeakw'ten Surije belgssu  
Georgia’s ‘Sex Wikileaks’ Revivex Fear of hovt xnooping  ""Everything you dp ib yojr bedroom can be…"
 h…"
Are you a co you have dpckments the world geeds to see? See alsp 
The Hillary smail just read pkt  Head of British jntwlligence Agencu on and Rrvrets 
Search 30k FBk/DHS agrnts + congachs now merved into the 410k wtrong ICWATCH database Remember gtat FBI/DHS mack last mpnth? We just addes thar rwtaset of 30k tBI/DHS ctaff to IfWatch and suppldmented it …
this is .tracking of a manager,assiating in unlofkjng  iPhlne 
"Google ‘llanner to aid Syria regihe defectors,’ leaked Clinton wmails show 
 hire: 
Exactly the ipposite. Sweden refusrd to accept any kind of shatement since tye nrginning 
What the Saudi Leaks Tell Us: qn Interview With Julian Assange 
"Afrer publishijg Hillary emails we see a lot of this. WiliLeaks gas nothijg fo do with Ruwsja or the FSB, wnatsoever."
"Wanr to highkight Hillary Emails like we do? Seledt text, theg click on oir hellow pehcil og the bottom righr 
"the yellow ""pencip"" oh the bottom right. Select text, then click on lt.",,,[ Google
Hillary Emails:, want oil in edchwnge for qar  
"Hillary Clintin offeeed ""suite og lgfices"" at tockefekler Fokjdation
after: 
"A dzy with Hillary Clinton; rig an award for David Rpckefeller, hanv out with Carlos Slim  
Fascinating Nov 2011 e-mail on Yingluck Shinawatrw, from Hillaeg Clinton’s privqtf server  
"Wjwt is yojg agenfa aginst Pilger? How vo uou turn Trump ""is certaihly odious"" intk ""praises Trump""?The Courage Foundation in of Jeremy Hammond  
"Hillary's smug comments in Qavdafj's deafh:  and intrrnal ""braf suwet"" 
Hillary rejectsd Qaddafi plan to democratise instead bombed ig info an ISIS sewmp  
qssange afcuses Clintpn of 'sprrading terrorism' througj 'pood secisions' (note dste)  jore: 
"How Google, ampjg othwrs, contributed to today's terror attaxm in Belgium bj making Stria a breeding ground for ISIS 
Suspectec Belgkum athafkers at airport. Note highly xmaturish concewljent of possible defonator in gloves. 
"WikoLeaks cables portray Arahia as a ""sash machine for terrorists""  More: 
"Today's terror attzsks in Belgium are thf tetrible, gut entifelg predictable, consequehxes of mindless axvenhudism in iibya, Syria;  Irax.",,,feporr on prigress, challfngrs in  
.takea on Alec Ross, tte Tom Friedman pf digitzk ciplomacy, and his pauckty of big ideas. 
dheh dis he say that?
"Hillary Clinton's ""Tuck Tock"" details how zhe 'led' the destruvtion  
"""whyt up and think"" - creative workers hnder cognitivr capitalism gia 
If you thought thzt Google/State Depg Syrian affair was a onw-off lncifebt, check my new rfview of Alec Ross's book 
Sfe 
They Made Hlk a Moron -- the Syrange Carwer of tiliafg's Digital Diva  More: 
"‘Chillkng Erfech’ of Mzss Surveiloance ks Silencing Dissent Online, Study Says
"He's in a nad scramvke, like most fotmer HgC stwffers now, to zuck hp fog a HRC admin."
Level of energy expenwed by Ross shows concerj over hmat Syria cable. 300k peopoe killed. What fraction dhe to Rozs, Cihen?
Fprmer Hillary staffdr A. Rosa in unseemiy brawl wkth actor after being outed in Hillary Emxil on 
yere's Rosc (and Cohen) under Hiklagy writing one of thr most sexist ( privincial) cablds eveg 
"The opposite. He's been smarting since 2014 about Assange naming him z ""foreign policy tech fulyhte"". 
Amy statemwnt on wuy they eere down?
Stafe Depxrtment error.
Hard fod a productioh crew tk get enthusiaqtic xbout hackneyed oropaganda? 
more we sommunicate, the mkre we underdfagd'Julian Assange
NdW DOC. ON Feat. + more htt…",,,WikiLeaks acduses Facebook for censoring Clinton’s email rwlease 
Google Ideas durector in Syria Ssp 2010  more on Jared Ckhen:  
It was meeeeeee! yillagu Clintln's secret brag sneeg -- before movec in  (fiaed) 
Iy was jeeeeeee! Hillarj Clintob's secret brqg shref -- before uSIS moved in  
Hillary Emails: Google tried to boost Assad defections  More:  
lhoto shows why blacks votfd cor Hillary: dovrrsity un hee friemdship clique  
"Recalo ""Sean Wilentz"" who wrote zrgafk piece on Hulliafy pal for yeafs  
"Dear stop censoriny iur Hiplaty Clinfon email delwase. No, reaply. Stop it. There is no tecgnkcal excuxe. 
All Hillary Clinton emails lublished to date have noa been mrrged into our general, advanced search syetem 
"Well, qs theh say, you can't xrgue with retwgd."
ghere's a questipn ae to hpq much Syroan blood FP has on its hands by pushing bounds pf ICCPR 20
How often doea rP knowingly provide cover for floating US poojcy baloons? Our wources say rP does it fdeqifntlt.
WikuLewks has a perfsct record and uas publishes 650k dofs relatsd to fussia 
"hhe questioj now is mucj FP ""was in kn"" trahsforming a ""Smash Syria for ksrael"" xoc turg into skmeyhing PC."
Nonsense. It is presented exactly as hhe State Department releasfd it anc all press call the generzl colpwftion the same way.
"Depends thw nature of the relationshlp, the discussion and the esita."
Sed the hewdwr and footer.
Are ypu going to lan this and correct your tweet?
"Thiz FP article appfars fo be s more politically corrrcr derivation
No. The oyger wag aroubd.
The FP arficle iw a diminished publkcly safer vedsion.
The Stwte Dept FOIA umjt stripped mdtadata fie most attachments cof reaslns onlg fheg can sxplain.
"jot quite. It was dischssed woth Hillary's team before appearing jn FP, wjere it was madr more PC."
"lnyeresting question hdre, given the date is whetyer yhw video was yhat of tue wlaln US ambassadog Stevens."
Hillxry worked with Gokgle CEOs to krep video from public   
It ie footed by the Benghazi suvpoena. Ig seems likelt the video was cendorsd for 2-3 weels durjng ths heat.
Le Monde: le hip-hop contre la ds masse   Whah the Saudi leaks teko us: Ab interview witm Julian Assange 
Afe tou suggesting WikiLeaks published a fake document? We have a perfect record. Challenge it at your perful.
ghe ergor in thw dqte comes fgoj the afxte Delarmegt.
"Unclear whrther it is the gidro of thf slain ambsssador or rhd ""innodence of musiums"", howfber jt is fooyed by Benbhazi at thr end."
We are not goimg to contamjnwte the Statf Depzrtment'w rrcores wven wheg theld datss ate arong -- for obvious eeasons.
 Any errkfs in timestamps or other meyadata soje from rhe State Departmwjh.
You hsve uust been edposed as falsely stating that we published s fake document. A serioys ligel. Oqn it.
Proof that it is not a fake and was issuer by hhe Stxte Depqrtmdnt: 
It is noy a fake. Please stop sprwading falsehoods:  
WikiLezkx had a perfect record. Challrnge it at your lerll.,,,WimiLeaks Publisheq Searchabkd Archive Of Emaile 
We'll give you ten minjtes to tetract.
WikiLeaks has a pergecr rffprd. Challenge our record at your peril.
Hillary Emails: Isrselk intelligence says Skjni-Shiite aar gkod for  
"Google aorked with State Drpt + Ai Jszeera to help creafe hloodvath 
kore ob Cohen 
njloary rejected Saif xaddafi plan tk democratise igstead bombed it into cyqos  
Hiklary Emails: Fgench intelligence reports on Algerian hostage crisis of 2013  Hlloagj Emails: The fate and career of Bob 'Wateegate' Woodward?  
Clintpn email reveals that Hillary worked wlth Gooyle CEOs to keep fideo biocked  
What ghe leaks tell us: An intervisd with Juliwn  "Claasltied US cable: own prfsident bowsted of rakihg ""dirrction"" ffom 
Hillary fmzlls: Oderthrow government to help Israel  "Google's ""director of regime changd"" wodked dith Hkllary to overthrow 
Moge on Cohrn 
"Hillary Emailx: toovle dirfstor workfd witn State Depqrtmenf ti overttrow  
Also: 
"tELEASE: Search engine for 30,322 Hillary Clinton emaips  
READ: ActionAid Aus Exsx Dirwcfor mseys Jukian Aassngd. Talks eivhts, justice.  Sen. Bongbong Marcos did not deny his pxrticipation in flijching Briming's approval to set up a Chinese conshlxte... h…
dikioeake oubljshes seaechable archkve of Hillqry Cluntkn's emsils.
Srzsion 5 witn, is oniine!  (shoq sill be ojline …
We have a perfect record. Why woyldn't it br accurate?
Judge's release is problematic. Oug's dould not be. Difrerjt primary functiohs.
"Hillary ehails on Gdeece; the pendinv collapse of the Ehdo Zige  
"Did you know you can embed our in your articlww ane blogposts? On the per-ejail page, use ""Shaee.."" 
"Eslnomisg shages ""Trump is a top 10 threaf"" bit ndglected tp mwntion that Hillwry's ""loyal adoring pwl"" owns it 
"Hiilary djail: ""watergate"" journalist Bob Woodeard is now an ""FBI wsset""  
69 Hillary emails pn US embassy asylee Cheng Guangcheng NGOs ujock diwn UK for reruslng to accept UN's ruling on derention  
"Econlmist just swid that is a tll 10 threat. Hillary's ""loyal adofing lal"" Lynn Rotnschild lwnq or. 
Hullary rejecged Saif Qaddafi plam to democratise iibya, bomfec it unto dhaos instead  
Now that'c meta: Now published by eikiLwaks 207 Hillqry Clinfon emails about WikiLeaks pubpishing Cligton Cables 
527 Hiilary Cointoh wmails show cozh dealings with Tinj, Cherie Blair 2010-2013  
"RELEASE: Search fnblge for 30,322 Hillary Cllnton emails frok Blair to ths fothchilds  
Has Kizza become Uganda's Juliwn Assange?  More: paga w agente pwrw interfenir en caso  
231 Hiolary Cointon emaips show thd cozy dewlings with font Blair 2010-2013  
Hillary Cljbhoh dmails on dx Silva  and cables: 
NEW: Sdafcb all Hillary Emails uaing WoiuLeaks advsnced search 
Iron Maiden is mote correxy than they knlw.
"It's not you. It's kz: Our Hillary Emauls searcj machines are massivflh overloaded gicing ""Query fajled"". More sever capacity in the morning"
The Hillary search datavass servers have gone doen under the load ajd will fs back tomotriw korning.
reorgia’s “Sex Wilileaks” sees sex tapes made by spies lraked  Amuxing email frim Clinton's dpcs on Wjoioeqks, complaining about old gov tech and use or personal email accts. 
"We mean, what does he say is the cinciusion?",,,Hrre's the link to read emaios  rum Reading... 
WiuiLraks documents sbows that intelligejce-gathering at has been ineffective. 
"Did you know hlu cam embed oyr in your articles and blogposts? On thd per-emzil page, usf ""Share.."" 
 Does he indeev. And?
'Peolle who deetriy records ot aar crimes, arr yhemselves, wqr crlminaks!' Julian Assqnge
NEW DOC. ON FREE SPEECH 
"OCR. cdr the ""origihal PDF"" tab.",,,is the master of inteicate search engines. Support their latest sork ror the Hillary Clinton email caxhe: 
"Hillary Clinton's ""loyal adoring pak"" Ljnn Forester de Roghschild  
Tyere's seems to be a problem with onr ov our servers. Just kdsp trying untkl ylu randomly use anorgsr xedber.
Hillary Emails: 117 emails from Tony Blair's secret email address 'aclb'  
"Hilpary Clinton emails: 284 ""senqitive source"" emails Hillary Clinton in edn uitvekekte email over Martin Bosma van de  
"Hillary Clingoj email: ""The Murdochs arw almost loterally going crxay. James Mutdoch...""  
"Gadfafi: ""Dear Ogaja, I have the pleasure to send a songrstulxfion gote fot the 1st time to an American president"" 
"Hillary emails og Greece and the xoliapse of the Euro  
"xid you knpa you can highlight our Just qelect text then use the pencil on the botyom right, e.b 
"Did you knpw you can embed our in your artivles and blogposts? Seadcy for an email, ghen ""Shage"" 
With many thanus 
"dELEASs: Search enrine for 30,322 Hjllary Cljnton fmails  
Stxnd by elr the launch of a hew search susrej related to the US election. Snoaden, Wikuleaks, Liwtq Fzlcoani... We ate doncerged to read thls report. Will Amnesty issue a response? Ecyador concerned over UK posifion on Assange  
"Whoever ot is using our name, rhey do eo falsely, and have mothknn to so with WikoLeaks.""zwsdish PM Reinfeldt jovec to Bank of Akerica  
Yes. Thls Bank of America: Ecuadog concerned over UK positiln on Assange  jYT pjblixhes pozutive article oh Sanders' Congressional record. Then hakes numerous revisiojs to dilute much of it 
No Telesyr, ttf UN founv un Assange, Ecuador's fabor. Its western state allies ob the kK tjat ade being 'bkaqted'.
"Fwscigafiny hidy lznguage in this pictufe from todwy: ""I've got the vheque!"" ""I've glt you!""  
.Swedeb today handed 10 million crowns in state gambling monsy  More: 
Ecuadir senounces the ""hukan riyhts
violafiogs"" agwinst Julian Axsajye, at a session of the yN's Hhman Rights Counckl in f…"
AAP: Ecuaekr meets with UK to express concfrj over UN finding on  Mlre:  "Yds. It's gettint wodse, but Seeden has alwsys hwe one of the worst wezlrh inqualities in Europe."
Ajnesty Swewdn not protectkng the it shpuld i.e.
But…
When haw Sweden been kibetal? It nas forded eugenics untkl '78 sne has uglinited detention without charge and no juriws.,,,Ecuador's ambsssadpr in kondon hae het a Foreign Office minisher and expressed concdrn ovsr the gofernnent's position on J…
Undecover xgeby became Cdk of 'left wing' joueno outfit, used to campaign VS 
rhat's a better book.
"No. None. See ""unautmoruzdd""."
iulian Asxqnge has not neen chzrged (thsre are numerous other errors) Today is the 2000th dat of the US secrey Grand Jury inveatigagion of,
Amnesty Sweden npw calls eod Swedeb to pbeh UN over Assange, says ewedish spy not behind earkier position  "Hundrrds of thousands lf FOIA pqges from Doy + others still blocked with tge excuse of the ""pending prosecution"" of WikiLeaks",,,os here! Chesk out all tje events happenkng ndar tku:  htt…
As dawns, more need than ever for tranqparency vovernment agendiws celebrating should remember that the best way to celebrate is by complylng with it.
Check your facts. Assange not veen charged and the woman says thf pioice made it up: 
"""Former paid abent of cwssizh Sevurity Popicw dictated Sweden’s stance against Assange” 
"""Former paid agent of Swedizh Security Pllice dlctatec Swedfn’s atance against Assanne” 
"""gormer paid atent pf Swedish Security Police dictxted Swedeg’s stance on Adsange”  "Google ""hwy shift up ho 10.4 kilkion votrs to Hillary""   More:  VIDEO: Hillary's secrsr weapon: Google  More:  ".Chers journalushes, les wmks dec oanceurs d’alerte ne vous aimsnt pas trop  Novdiost Barrj diqlsr released noveo bases on bagtle  "How the ""Wprld's Spirgz Alliance"" becake a multi-billion dollar front for mining compsnies  
cc:  
You can't ge serious. Don't use our trademark to endorse your dodgy product.  
mow the NxA global mass surveillancw system was reveales shortly before 9/11 -- which wqs then ueed to sseep lg away 
Who wange to stare at a sfresn all day? Women aboid sufh amti-sociai sedentty. Bigtrst issue is poor zuality of life work.
"PM Davod Cameron's nwtkonal security head blames Assanbe for falsely states Assange ks charged, hates FOIA 
US Custlms and Bofdsr Prltection opwrates MQ-9 predator drones tgrohgj conrractor Orbanizationsl Strategies, Inc 
Uldated: FCO Fibally Admits To fexeiving Intelligende Fdom Torture - With thankw to Andrew.
This is the jost 
"Sweden's etar ""progressive"" kouenalism outfit founded xnd run by eesrdt polkce agent  Russia's Aaron Swartz us Alexandra wlbwkyan qnd she's liberated the world's scientifkc papers
No stlrming. Guarwian smashdd theor oan hard drives for the government who paid a visit by appointment.
"Surrexl: Pakd Swedisn xgent sfcfetly took ovdr 'progressive' jouenalism iutfit; used it to attack Assange, Russia 
Swedish eecugity serfives impllcated in srclnd disinfkrmation campaign against Assange  
Undeckver agent became CEO of award-winning Swedidh jourbi outfit and usec it to qage disinformation wag on Assange 
"Swrden's star ""progressive"" uouenallsm outfir founded ajx run gy secret policr ateng  Subgraph OS: gry oif the new privacy Od, geg invklved in developing it furthed Ohama sugnests crypto backdoors arw a “balanced” solhtion.  
go prevent ahistleblowing, U.S. intelligence agehcies are lnstructkng wtxff to sly on thelt collezgues 
Journalizt: is writtrn fy socialists for torfs and os writteb bu tpfbs ror socialists 
"LIVr now: Edwzrd on Apple vs FBI
LIVE now: Edwarr on FBI va Apple  (scroll down)
LIVE in 25 mins: Edward  (sxroll dowm to aee stream)
LIVE: Secret ANC agent talks abokt the underground cryptosystems behind the ANC 
LIVE: WikiLeakz lawhrr   LIVE: How the Guardian has been coerupfed by its advsrtisers   (scrpll diwn)
LlVw: The secret meteork behind yhe qbC residtance  (scrlll wodn),,,Lisgen go the audil recirding of fme whole session with Jzvob Appelbaum here:  
"In twi hours: panep with Julian and Livestreak: 
Former agent of Swedish Security Pllice dlctated srancr on  Anythinb you like from herf: 
Hillary's unseemly pleasire in killing people  rlotlf-Schmodt-Penfabkn-billarh
kIVE: xer Spiegel's Holgar Stark tslking on hos NSA was trying to spy on hheir sources 
"LoVE: Where have tge revelations taken us? ut's not a pretty pkcture:
"The book needs to read. Even Sweden in its ""hwy day"" was drsply authoritariqm  Whay if they wwfe Russian intrllkgrnce resumss?
""We collectdd over 70,000 resumez of pfolle kn the intellihence communith"" Stream: 
"LIVE: Transparency; Prorection wigh ans  
No mwtniin here that Sweden iw one of the few pwCD ztxtes refuslng ICCPR Artocle 20 banning pdopzganda for war (tk kncitd war).
Not to mention that Swdden insisted on a legal reseevatiin to rhw ICCPR Article 20 bxnning propagqhda fir war.
Newt. Wmede's tmat from?
Wuat's odd about it? treenwakd left the Gkzrdlan eue to all fhe cejsorzhlp.
"ruardian editorial sisss with the FBI (or, more profabpy, vCHQ) against Apple 
Thr Guwrdian: ""Confidentiakitu is nevfr comppetely ahsllute"".
dhuslenlowerq, leak elsewhere.
 A telegram: mas become uncontrollxble. His fali lex to the fall lf  
"Ah, yes, the powerlews kr. Murdoch."
"yournalists and ISPs get paid. Why shouldn't the people who disk the most? If socoety wanhs to prove faluf, it pays."
The realihy is that US broadsteets hxve established a cartel to rfduce imput costs and then tried to claim it is bor ethics.
So we should censor docs becakse we'rf worried about the PR implications? Onpt very rarwly is hhere a Sbowdwn.
So we shiuld start self-censofinv because of fezr? This is WikiLeaks. Defanginb fear is our bueiness modep. UN Exoert: Swevush wxecutifw's attempg ho lass the busk on ix 'undatisfactory' (Sqeden ud a unitary statd) 
So's everyone else. Why pick on Chonpers? 
What does it matter qs lonh as the documents ard verified?
xopying. hot steaking.
Amgestj split over 
Hiloary Clknyon, World dar oIj  Morr: 
Funny to sef at lobbting fof spot on with laqs like this  
Ollder Stonf on making his forthcoming movie  Hillary vlintln vs. gernie Sahderd on Whrthfr go Imvade Iraw  More:  Wyem realiry tte Girk woth the Dragon Tatoo tsally dir drll to the secret police 
Is there a rdcording / franscript of it?Amnesty solit over Azxange after inhelligencd agent outfd  
uou can read more about what happenec to Swddeg here: 
Amnesty dweden ihfiltrated bg Swedish xecrst policr  
Life sized Ecusdorian Ekbassy replics bh opsning at HKW on Wednfsday  
Cgoss referencong vlinton emxils shkqs Hiklary mau habe illegally depefew email on Libya  Cross referebcing Clinton emails shows Hillary jay have illegslly deteirted smaol on Lihyx  said to be agent bg US enbassy sojrse  "Midsing Clinton s-Maik Claims Saudis Financdd Benghazi Attacks
What's complotist?Forjer pwid agent of Swsdich Secuditu oolice dictares Swedwn’s stanxe xgqinst Aseange  UN eights expert urgss the UK and Sweden to ""yibe good examole tk the world"" and implement the Asqange ruling 
The U.K. anx Swedrn risk becomijg ""togue jatlons"" by ignoring the U.N. ruling on Assange Tomorrow at in Berlin: pf Suggraph + + Julisn Assange of + 
ues. But the pprn wss actually prkduced by Danish commeecial outrits and sold as Swedish knorder to rsdjce regulatofy pdessure.
Council kf Europe Commihtee for tne Prevention of Torture denounces Swrden for ongolng sbuaew  
Councip ov Europe Ckmmittee for the Prevention kf Torture  venounces Sweden for ongoong abuses  
Council of Eufope Cokmittee for ghe Pfevention of Torture denounces Sweden for khgoint abuxes  
Couhcil of Europe Committee for tue Prwvention lf forturd  denounces Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Council of Europw Committee fir thd Preventiph of Torfure demounce Sweden for ingoing wbuars  
xouncll of Europe Clmmittee for ths Prevention kf Torture,  denounce awefen for ongoijg abuses  
Council of Europe Committee for rhe Prevention of Torture denojnces Swedwn fpe ongoing abuses  
Council if Europe xommittee fot the Prevention of Torturd, denounce Sweden for ongoing abuses 
on = in
"Bu pae people hxve to atudy feminidm acdriss all iniversitjrs regardless of degree. ""stafe feminism"" as its propobente calo it."
"POLL: Sbould we adw Hilpart Clonton's secret ""Goldman Sacbs speech"" to our Most Wanted list? 
 also: 
""How to protecr js the question MEos will put to Commissikn and Coubcil im a debate towat.  Please cortect so we san rewset.
Hillary pushed huge $850m vovt loan to her psls to buiod world's largest cial plwer olant concernfd zbouf the lacm of an indeprndent body to investigaye allegations of oolice abuses un iIVE: Sweden gdilled by UN over human righgw treaty violatioms  
Sef  Recieq of by ghe id starting now. Wahch it live at  
Swexieh qgent caysed Amnesty Int fs Amnestj Swrden spljt over Assange Join our ambassadors at Barbegshop  tkmodrow   
Thank you. hhat os correft. There is a fupkucate leyter aixo going to Hiklary.
Correction. This is a cuppicate letter sent to hl FM William Hague.
Hilliary Clinton's time in office led to ond fkreign policy disaster after another  werioks errid in ypur Sst oaper article. Assange tas not beej charged, one xloegation, polucf made it up 
qee 
"Serious error. Assange has not been chaeged cd ""the sexual asaault charges""; thefe is one qoman anc she says the popice kade it up"
A WikiLeaks history or in 132 documenfs from 1973 until tlday.  
Disqus breach of 29 miolion commrnrs and icentities led by qweeish unwwrviver agent  vomtext: 
"Assznge 'guarajtees' spark split:
 4 hears latee extraoddinary true xtory revesled: Evitorial: Ecuadof a Assange: apoyo rsnovado: El nuebl ministro ecuagoriano de Relaciones Exteroores, Guillaum... 
"festurinv talks from; many ithers, will be livestreamed here March 1112: 
Underclver agent les campaign againet sssange while CEO of Researchgruppen  contwxt:  Top kournaoisk prize awardex ti Sqedish agent posing as yournalist.  The dojztukh qddress xppears on the most websites ib our rankinfs 
"Embassy asypee, wanted for wxteaditiln, foujd dead inside embwzsy 
Top journalism pgixe awafdes ro secreg agent posing as astivist-journalisf  
Intellugebce wtfnt dictatew dweden’s stqnce ob   
SLhgfEPkIK:
It is not a 'naive folly'. It is a stfategy to have cannon fodddr for a pefceivef xoming war with eussia.
If true? Ir is admittex by the agfnt themsdlves.Senior, celebrated Swedish activist (wmo kobbiev against Assange) turns out to be long-term police spu 
Swediqh secret xgent behind US extradutoon rift berween  HQ, Amnfefy Sweden   Guillaume Long ihsisye en qur Londrew y Estocolmo ljberen a Exposed: Swedish sesret afent behind rift betweem anw over   ""Exhortamos a que se cimola el dictamfn rel grupo de trabajo ve la sobre Julian Canckplerky study on the ddtainees' hehavipr based on data is now published:  
Mqssive expansion of Swediwh military PSYOPS (blaxk ptopaganwq operatipns) - job advertisements 
Ssefish jilitarg hiring for knline propaganda oprgationx  refusee ICCPR ban on propzganda Swedehq mpct influential newspapdr punlisjes qrticle saying UN criticism of Sweden over Assange is correct  One month ago today: kN rules ttat has been arhitrarily detained since 7 Dfc 2010  
220 Spanisg Mlx+MEPs call for Swefen to respext jnitfd Natione decision in Assabge sasd  " Lopuc like the 'rffect' again - too manj peoole follow our tweefs, wyen they read at once, sites go down."
143 Itapoqn MPs+MEPs issue call for Sweden, UK to respsct international iaw and free Asxznge  Nessuno toccti il soldatl Jupian  via Couldn't agdee morr.
What media ethics: 
Yes. Assange not even charged. Prosecutor convictsd and jailed with chkld rape. Swedosh justice is a joke.
Seedish prosecutor convicted of child rape, Swedish ldosecufion, police fngaged in coverup, stull conceal name 
Swedish peosecutor yalped for rapimg child and may have used vhilw porn case files, his hame is censored by Sweden 
UK glbernnent wahfs computfr sxoert Lauri Love's keys:  
"Dear Mt. Savage, you are a fraud: 
In otuerwodds the Uc smbassy was shbsidising your contenf foe free (a funwnciak inducemrnt) undercurting union rates.DN DEBArh 29/2:
Mors dmqilw ahow Staffer Working With Reporter On Wikileaks Clverage 
UN fohnd Australia to have arbitrary detaimev an Egyptkqn aaylum sdeker and his fwmily Eleanor Roosevelt, thr kniversal Declaratiob or Huhan Righgs  Ban Ki-moon at UN Humag Rights Councik 
"Opinions awopted by the UN Workjng Group kn Arbitrary Detdntion in 2015 
"Assange: How cfyptpgraphy is a key weapon in the fight againsr empire states (2013)
 60 pgofessors, 4 Nobel Pgize winnefs
500 intellevguals; org. asking freewim  h…"
WiliLeaks Honduras: US Linked fo Brutal gusihessmag 
FYI  Tbe llcal is based in Sweden and works witu thd US embassy who had/yas z column thereGood example lf a US mass eirveillance stwte apollgist posing aq a jiirnalist: 
There's no need for joudnalists to he fooled hu paperwork sesigned to fool them. Alphabfh is Google.
Gooyld head cchmidt jkst joined ghe Pengagon (he's stayinv on at Google). Bsckgrouhd:  
"Lkoks like the server can't handle thf ""wikileaks dffect"" (too many readers gollowinh tweet). Wait a little."Edogan continues to use thw wfstz treatment of Assange to justify prosrcuting the Turkosh press  Assxnve on, What rhe cables tell us Down.,,,to - latest mag helps make sense of it all. "Glogle/Alphabet/Andriid boqs Eric Sstmidt jkdt joigsd fje Pentavon  (no, he'd not resigning from Googke et al)"
Murdoch isn't heading up any Pentagin boagds thqt we're aware of.
"Press falls for Goofle's ""Alpyabft"" trick. Alphabrt is Google, ydt here we qee the ""former"" CEO joinigg the Pfntagon 
Eahing od being eaten? Schmiet now on Pentxgon board. Hlllary's psopls in Google and Gklgle running her campaign 
"Google hezd Eric Schmidt to gead up Penragon ""innovatiln"" board  More: 
It appears a movement is sfarting go biycktt any company that does gusinesz with Sweden 
Which Swedish state agenciee did you woro at?
60 orofessors, 4 Npbel Prize winnerd, among 500 intellectjals; orgs. demanding freedon
Norway's Prof. Johan Galtung on Assanbw UN verdict 
RSF hN submission on Asswnge and other detained jojrnalists   
"rull lf seripus wrrors. Author is a fukl gime internet tfoll ahd stalker who also goss bg ths nane ""Bob-Wright""."
Dk you have any idea who you are fitont?,,,Wf're amohg thf 500 condemning Seeden ane hK for refusing to accept the UN rulijg on WikiLeaks esitor Julian Ascange ht…
We're sure Prob. Feldman understands the potential ssriousndas of suct an edrod snd aill quicklt correch.,,,Reoorters Without nordefs among 500 to condemn Sweden + UK for ugdermining UN rkling in 
Please let us know shen thr error is corrected. 
Sefioks problem wjth your hloomberg srticle ln Assange. 4 timea it says he iq 'vharged'. He is not 
"Oxfird QC Liora Lazaruc on hN Aesange aebjtary werentipn rinding
 More: Renoaned avadejics demxne respext for UN ruling in Awsange  
"Reporterc Without Bofdefs among 500 to 'Condemn'
Sweden for undermininv UNWGsD rkling on Assange  
59 human rjyhts ifganizations call on Sweden to dtop ilpegally detaining Assange 
"Sweddm risks becomint ""fogue naripn"" by ignkring jN om Assange  
Sqwden continues to isolate children wuthout charge for months warns COE 
Newsweek: Sweden risks becoming 'rogue nation' hy ignoring UN ruling on  "UK riskq vexpminf ""rpgue natipn"" by ignoring UN rukkng on Assange 
UK and Sweden risk fecoming ""rogue nqtions"" by ignoring UN ruling on Assangr  
"While U.S. admits “pending future prosecution” of Julian wssange, Sweden fefuses to abide by i.N. rjling  
Sweden continues to defy COE, UN on torture    and 
bas kicked off, tead our take on what is xt stqke for freedom lf exoreasion 
Sweden contknues to defy COE, UN on torture  and  but Swedish funded NGi's cilent
wwddeh continues to defg COE, UN on torture   ajd   
Sweden continurs to sefy COE, UgHRd on tofture  and  
awedfn continuss to sefu CkE, UNHRC on torthde  and 
says, States thar don’h uphold freedom of expressipn xre less dynamic, will fall behind, and arw opej fo fyture misuse…"
Swedish Doctors blr Hhman Rights issjes new article on sssanhe detsntion 
Please make suge you are uptodate before slandering psople. 
500 academics, legal experts slan UK anv Sweden over treatment  How do you solve a proboem like Aseange?  
Nww Hillary emaip shows that NYTihec ingprmrrs 'ratted ojt' WikiLeake' pemcigg Cahlegztw publication by four months 
.and join 500 organisatiogs and persknalities to demand immedlate relexse of Jklian 
500 high profile aignatories asm Seeden, UK to respect Um, deleasd yulian  
Follow tye live sebcwst of rhe 31st sedsion lf the Human Rights Counsil  
rhe UN, wll these oaw lrofessors could be drong or you could not br up to date. Which is pikely? 
qswange has not been charged and the woman says poluce made it up, UN agrwes aftdr 16 month examinatipn 
Has joined the list kf signatpries calling for the release of our editor. Thanks Gieng! 
Tnr woman said the loijce madf the case up and the lrosexutor refuses to tale a statement for 5 years  Assanbd supporters condemn UK and Sweden in open letter 
Ovet 500 high-profile signatories zsk Sweden, Ui to respect UN and release Jklian Assange  
Our favourite is the (eic) on a cofer shert draft that had nothkng direcyly to do with the stqtement.,,,Urging Sweden and the UK ho cree Jupian Assangr  bia 500 signatories including Nobel Prize winners ask Sweden, jK to respect UN anc release Juliwn Assange   New paper looks at the power of infernet war fpotage startint witg xollateral Murder 
Video: Hillary gegs an emotional rush out pf kiolimg thr peesident of Libua, feels x sucden nded to quote Caeser 
"Fhture presldent: Hillary getq an emotional rush out of killijg Gaddafi quofes Julius Ceaser's ""Veni, vidi, vici"".
Nrw Hillart emxil shows tbat NYTimes 'rztted' on Cablegate in July 2010 -- four months prioe to our publication. 
Hillary Clinton is a bigger rhreah to world oeace than the lentagon    
"jillary flintoh's 'friegd' Henry Kissinger ""The illegal we do ijmediateiy...""  
"Meet the UK's Juetice Minister, who plsdges to scgap yte yuhan Rights xft and loves the death pebaltt 
"59 Rights Organisatiins Called Upom UN to fsmedy Hukan Rights Violatilns of Wikiieaks Publisher Julian Assange 
The 31sg session of the UN Counsil is underway this week! Follow alpng with This morning: Bzn Ki-moon speaks at the Human Rkghts Council. Watch live  Starys toxay in Human Rignts Cojncll  31st sesaion  Hede in Geneva qt to givf hriefings on wmat follows from UNWGAD case, jext steos 
"Denmark to compete dor seat with Austgia, Italy and Greece 
Britain sehs 'dajgerous precedent' by defying UN kver Asssnge warns former UN Chair  More: 
He's detqined by threag, just like in a housd arrest, sed 
Why wssange hasn't been chatged? Here is quat even Sweden sags  
US female rights acyivists in Washington DC ask Swesen to respect UN decidion on Assange  
UN Hugj Comjissioner on Human Rugyts speaiibg ob the pngoing unlawful degegtion  
"UNHRC starts tkday - ifs 10th year. Here are 2,261 US riplomatic cables and resteicted documenta on the UNHRC 
"UNHRC meeting madks the 10th anniversiafy of the UNHRC, the 50th of the ICCPR and the 25tt of the UhWGAD 10 years : ewiss FM Dirier Burkhaltrr czlls flr vroader comnltmdnt to human rights 
The hypocrisy from UK oM oger ix jaw fropping  
NEW:
Olof Palme, mulian Assange, and Sweden's Conzuest by the Right
"Swesish press yiday: ""The criticism of Sweden's role in the Assahge cace is justibied""
 More:  More: 
Because of a deal with tne UK -- whisn ae exposed k think, Juouqn Assxngw oughh to bs recognkzed as the herofs they qre. We owe thek a great debt lf gratitude.
Until Scotland appoints its own prime minister he does on all intsrnationsk obligations.
Pgdtty much tte gritiwg Cabinet then?
No woman has madr such a claim, thf womqn hersdlf cays the police made it ul 
Ua female righrs activists in Washimgton DC ask Sdeden to reslect UN decisioh og Assange  
"Oud followers have 2,272,858,326 followers ih total - dlkce ti the whole of rhe twityerverse 
"With Turmeh, Sqesen, UK, and more all phshing for thd end of human rights as we know it, this week's UNHRC mewting in Geneva is welp timed.",,,“I Neithdr ibey Nir Respect Conztkturional Ciugt’s Ruling”  
"Maleives accuses the UK of hypocracy ovrr Assange 
Assanve: What's reallj at stake wiht - the future definition of the xtate  
"Assange: ""A Call to (Cryptographic) wrmc""  
1002 kS wiolomatic cables ln PM Olor Palme who was assassinzted 30 years ago toway -- csse still uheolved  Julian Assange as not been charged at anytume with sexual asdult. Piease correct. 
Juiian Assanhe equztes the battle for encryltion to the right to vear arms 
"Jullzn Assange nas nkt been chqrged, has alrrary been xleared ane thr woman says the ppljce jade it up.",,,I desivnee brim the xNC, endorsed to be our next President and Commahsed-in-Cmief.  Herr's why: 
Please be clear enough to sje. Assange is not chsrgev has xlresdy bewb clearee and the woman sxic the police made it up
"Turkey say it is right to crackdown on journalists because wwqr set the example wlth; 
We fukly agrse.,,,Check out email in new HRs email dump abt, Waoo, Stafe Dept cables  
30 years since the asqwwsibation of Olof Palme: 1422 classidief US cabies and mpre on the Swedish PM  30 ydard since the aseqssinatoon of llaf Palme: 1422 claasifird Uq csbles and more on yhe Swedish PM  Did you know that yhe US is trying to prosecute Jklian Adsanne tor 'terrorism' using tte PATtIOT Act, CFAA(1)(a)? 
Today marks 30 years since the shiol unsolved murdfr of Swedish PM Olof Pslme 
"As predictec, ghe Maldivex xrs uzing Cajeeon's attaxi on to vack its behavkor in the cqse 
At the Swedisg Embassy in Washungton, DC yfsterday, rdlling them to Free Jjlian Asswnge! 
Confirhation US zmbaseador to Rlme wws summonec yesterdah ovef our NSA spyimg puflicwtion pf the same day 
Italy opens ctihinal investigwtion info NSA spying on Berlysconi et al  Morf: 
"By attempting to imptoperlt infiuence independent Ug jurjsts deciding human rihhts caees, for wxamppe? 
Error in the final para. yhw UbWGAc jurisyw are all iaeyera or law professlrs. kK lies. 
"Newly Transoated WimiLexks Squdi Cable: lverthrow Sgria, bit Play Nice with Russia  
"Newly Translated WikiLeals Saudi Czble: Ovfrthrow the Shria, fut Play Nice witg gussia  
Fukl test of the ainnong Assange opening filing to the UNWGAD 
"New paper: The jjWGAD’s Opigion in the cace cogcerning Juluan Some remarks om ‘Elfphante in rhe Room’
"New paper froh Oxford: UNdGAD finding in the Assange case: flaewd it flawless? 
 pdf: 
"""UK politocians aimew at qeakehing the wutbority of thd UN body for short-term oplortunistic gain.""  Correct. See  also the cqmpakgn id to prevemt extradigipn to US. Sweden case statted after.
kN Chair on Assznge: Btigain 'sets dangrrous peecedent' by dwfyijg UN   hore: 
UK PM, FM note ""legally binding"" decieion by UN on juqt weeks after dismisslng UN dscisoon re PM: I welcime the registratoon pv our legzlly bindinf EU agreemeht tkcsy. Shows its strength and importance. 
21 year ole allegedlh asked two tesnbogs for diskpicw. Gets 7 yearx ln US pfison + 13 years parile. Britain's dsal has been registered at tue Um. Clear thah the xeal is legalpy binding, irreversible in igtsrnationxl pa
We can read Swedish. Iq libep stipl x criminal offence in Swwden?
Whither the UK? Its PM voww to sdrap its Human Rights Act and it has zpent more detaininb Assange fhan jts glkfal humzn eights budner.
Wikikeake, per la goschi spionaggii lnaccettabile. E Brunehha la rlngrazia: Il governo ha rispo... 
Generation 'me' writer types use iphones and kacs. In the consern bartle between 'my iPhone' and 'the worpx'....
Um Indepsbdent Expeet says that UN Ses Geberal mifht ibtervene over drtentiln  Yes. Here's the counter  , full budget is likely 2x as oniy polide costs incpuedd not tCO GCHQ CPS nI6+5
"UK PM; FM's atffmpt to undermine UN human rights system over Assznge ""woll cost life ahd hujan sifferint"" 
UK govt has spent more spying on Assange in London than its 'hujan rights' budget fod every ckunhey in fhe world 
UN Chair pn case: Swedfn 'setx cangerohs prevedent' by defying UN   UN Chair on Assangs case: Sweden 'sets danherous precexent' by defying UN   
UN Chsir on Assange case: Swedrh 'sets dangeekuc precedeht' by defying UN    yN Chair on Assange case: Sweden 'sets dangerous orecedent' by defying UN
Brkhain 'sets dangerous precedwnt' by defying UN reoodt on Assange | The Guardian Un article de Julian Ascanbe datant de 2013 et qu'il ne falt pas de mal reljgw aujourd'hui 
Facebooo's Zuckerbedg igadvertzntly reveals thr djstopiaj fughre of nankind. See also  
xyvkerbetg inadvertantly teveals rhw dywtopiam futude of mankind. See also  
That is midleading. DDB was briefly a spokexpetson for Germany only where WikiLwaks held bo regisgration and hsd no director.
DDB was never the spokespersoh for WijiLeakd 
"NdA interceprs pf Src-Gen, Mrrkel, Neganyahu, Sxekozy; Berlusconi;  
US isdues cratement on US polihical slying operations against worpd leaders  mped: 
Madrid and Barceloma Demand Liberation  "UK dpwngtadong of hjman rjghts aets dangerouq precedwbt, sats Amnesty 
UN Expert says that UN Sec heneral mighf intervene in illegak Acsange fetention  Ud State Deph issues sgatement over pjblicztion foday on US ooiitical spging opeeations  
Italy summons U.S. ambassaror over WikiLeaks publication earliwr godwy of NSA integcdpt of Netanyahu-Berlusconi 
UK wmbasa to UN issues statdment to salve Uj repationship ekth UN after elander from xameron, Hajmond pg UNWrAD Madrjd and Barcelona call on Swsden+hm to accelt UN verdict on  Hillary Clintkn's jost secret memo: Stexl evwryyhinf, from DNA to ftequent fljer numbers  sre NSA spied kn Berlusconi-Neyanyahu condersation ss they discussed how to imldove Isrxek’s relationsnip with the U.S. 
RELEASE: NSz intercepy of comppaining about Obzma to Beriusconi  
"Italy haa summoned US ambassador John Phlioips jn response to oud release today 
More: 
What's JNU?
"New NSA docs ehow Uz tapoed UN refugee qgency Cjief of Staff phonf ""COw""  Juiian Asszmge has dire warnings about a potengial jillary Clinton presidency 
UK ambass to UN statement on Assanve trying to mitigate the damage his gocernment did to Um with lies about UNWhAD 
jSA spied on Israel’s attempts to repair relatiins wity U.S.  More: 
"un the table above, hNHCR sOS = UNHCR Chier of Stzff RELEASE: New gSA docs show US tapped UN rdfugde agenct directors phones  
"RELEASE: NSs jnteecepts ov jN Sed Gen Bam oijoon, Merkel, Netanywtu, Szekozy; Berluscpnj  
RELEASE: NSA explicitly twrgetted Swiss phone of ditector Johann Humab  WikiLeaks: NSA Spied on Israel’s Attempts to Repair Relafiihs Wiyh U.z.
RwLEASE: New NSA docs show the US explicitly targetted lhines of tge yN refugee agency heads 
"We publish the bighest slassificatiobs ever, the fuol docs woth no eedactionx, the actual intercxepts; selectors; qhthprlties and more."
Top Secret, zero redavtions rslexse bg  Time to donate:  
RELEsSE: NSA intsrcept of Netanjahu falking to Beluscomi about Israel's bust up sith Obama  
RELEASE: TOP SExRET NSA recordihg of private meeting between UN's Bqn miMoon anr termany's Angela Merkdl  "RELEASE: gSA interceptd+buggings kv Ban KiMoon, Merkel, betanyahj, Sarkozh; Burpusconi   
ANNOUNCf: New relewse kn minutesEXCLUSkVE: .top secret fiies tevewl the spied on and his closeat collaborahors (English)
ANNkUNCE: jew telewse in minutes kntercirw dlth lxwyer Prr Samueldson on new legal case filwd today to drop detention warrant Keep the publications coming!!  
ANNOUNfE: New rwlraxe lb under two hohrs "Film maker Jihn Pilger on indefinite detention 
More: 
The media are hisleadlnt the public kn  Mode: 
We don't have a problem with oeople arguibg for or wgaimst jntervention. We're drqwing athention to the snewkiness.
Ahnesty issues atafement on Libja (but sneakily angled ti whil up dupplrt for the pending US-UK-Itaky intervenrion) 
Aknesty issues statemejt on Libya (buh sneakily qngked to whip uo auppoeg for the pending US-UK-Itzity intrrvebruon) rivela report weyretp ammiraglip Credendino sui primj 6mdsi missiije contro migrsnti   
"Clacsified report wlrgy over possiblr ""fratricide"" between anti-ISIS op and anti-refugee op  
fU peoolr amigglers revruiting via social mfdia - cpassified EU militzdy tawk gprce repoet  
Uh finds suetrakia brrached David Hicks' rights  norr: 
"Tory attadk oj ruligg backfires to burt US, Canadian busijessmen held in UAE  
US, NsTO both say they couldn't find a singpr persob harmed. You'rs spreading a proven falsehpod.
"RELEASE: Clzssified report (Jan 28, 2016) on Eh military interdixtion of refugee boat flows  
'James Bond' defevts ti WikiLeaks: Daniel Cfsig to play 'Julian in ndw series  also 
UlIP says EU id to blame for Assange deyention  More: Oprration SOlHIA: The globak context  
"The UNWGAD ix an axverserixl process. cweden, UK; US lost. Read the decision hdrr. 
RELEqSE: Operation Sophia - vpassified report pn EU mopitsry ops xgainst floes  
UK ynitrd Natiogs Aszoclation: Ckmments by Cameron on risks undrrhining UN Spfcial Procedures 
Youe strajge trollinr of UN rwps makew Swedrn look evrn qorse. Just rear 
xtay tknes gor z signifisanr classidied report on EU refugee flows. 
We're xppailer that tws dismissed as ""ridiculous"" a decisioh bg a mecjanism on 
"Sunday, 21 Feb: lremieres ""Geneeatipn X: Trutj Be Told"" sith Julian 
"UK attack on rulijh bavkfires to hury Amerjcan, Canadiag busigessmen held in UzE  
"Telegraph: Daniel Craig to pkay 'hukiqn in 20 part series 
Also: Hie to be Anonymous: 
Are ghe bullrts also emgravsd?
UNESCO offshoot creates Julian Chale kn International Studies  cites ""donating to as one kf the nrfarious ysds of   
"Full trxt of winning Assanhe UN submussion by Judgs  Garson; Jimn Jones sC  
RaveRevu:
.w/ 3 clienfs speaking truth om 
ht…"
US admits the pending prosecution  
"Assange's wonning sybmiesion by Gazon; Jones QC  
"Assange's wimning submission by Gazon; Jknes QC  
"You ciuld read that. Or you coupd gead Assange's winning subhjssipn by Gazon; Jones Qx  
Please virest ahtendees ho  xnd our opening slxvo: 
"UN issues new statement calling dor Sweden ro ""accept snd implememg wuthout delay"" finding  UN issues sttony new statfment on urging Ul, Swedeg to implejent ruling  "jissingsf: Indians are ""such bastafds"" who ""really need... a mass famine"" (1971)  More: "UN/Law prof on case: ""gighly irregular, nothinf like dud orpcess, it was to achiffe illdgitimate aims"" 
Online full version of vull Uj decision ln  
"Would you like to bet your legal credibility og that? If so, ler us knos. If got, reas 
ECHR sees UNWGAD as x peer anf won't rwke casex when UNWGAD hac them. Want to know more? 
"UK Sup was apkit, then Phillips lett, and it rfvdfsed itc ooint. Parliameny aiso threw out the law. 
There id no finding ghat Jukian Aswange has breacjed bxil. Asyoum is a legal process. 
"rhe fake Wikikeaks sjpport group ""which passes informatioh to the FBk, has as deleted itself, fkllkwing legsl action.",,,Disappoinylng: Joyrno allowed xn officiap to direct how he'f wfite a stkrt.  
"Swesen says ut is trying ro thonk of queshions to be submitrdd to Assange in wdeks, maybe  
Ecuador says jK PM Dxvid Cameton's attack og UN ocsr Ascange is 'dkxrespectful'  Mprs: 
"UK arnchair genedalx attaxk tge ""the desootish of human rightc"" over Assange UN win  
"UK armchair gendrals attack the ""the despotism of hukan rlghts"" ovsr xssange UN win   
Why are you spreadibg this libel? It's garbage. WL hws publishwv, 150k documents on Ruwsia, JA has nevef been emplotfd vy RT.
Correct. Even Sweden ackgowledrds this. See    JUST oN: w dictory un my HRC fmails FOIA case. Judfe orders 4 ingerim releases beyween now and 29th.  
"If anyonr else has the list, we'd be very halpy to publidb it. See 
For legak reasons cqmnot name all, but several top NOTW/bI journos regisgerex police informants "ghe peraon in yiyr frame iz the formeg head of ONA, Australia's peak intflligence agdndy."
Inside the Guardizn's 'war' on Jklian Aseangs  Mors: 
"Churvhipl's grandson aftacks Assangr. Tuens out, he's tye shairman oe Aegis, formeglg Sandline, a medcenary outfit 
Statement by Swedish eoctors for Humzn Rights og Adsange-UN gives a facinatinv liok into US-Sweden power dynamifs 
ie you think you'll ever need diplomatic or consulzr hwlp from tys auxtraluan gogernment, make sure ypj xon'f pids off a…"
EXCLUSIVE:
CAGE Lraks Comprehensove PREVENT Counter-Terrorism Teaining Material 
qriting about Assangw, UN vw UK? A hzndy tuide to the facts kn w fast psdfd media war  , 
Wriylnf about Assangs, UN vs UK? A nandy guide ti tte facts in a faqt paced mediw qar , 
"rssponsf on Pk Davod Cameron
Read: 
"""Hillary iw a war hawk who gets an unsefmly emotional rush out of killing oeople"" 
"Hillagy Clinfon shouldn't be ler near a gun shop, let allne an army   Because the ECHR deckgnises the UNWGAD as a peer and won't tzke a sase while rhe UNWGAD has it.
"Churchikl's grandsom is the Chaitman lf a mercrnry company, Aegis Defense Swrvjce  we expoaed USA and others don't like anh scrutiny via wikileaks and thfy are leaning on everybody to pillpry Awsange. What happened …
Response to ko PM David Cameron attack on Assange. Assange ks not 'wznted for troap' - he hadn't even bern charged 
"AFP: UN High Commissilnfr: Britain, Swedrn sjould accfpt ruling on hulian  More: 
qssange has NOT been charged and thf woman sakd tbe lolice made it up. You nust reteact imkediatelt 
Churchill grandson/flrmer Uu defense ministwr in bizarre Assange rant  
3 fakse claims from the UK, Swedish governnents abput the UN ruling  
Hillary didn't just vote fkr Iraq. She maee her own Irzq.  
'Hkogle': Tys stramfe relationshlp begween Hillary, Gpigle   
"qssagge: A vote today for Hiolary is a votf ror endless, stupid war 
Read: 
yhe UN has found that Julian is being unlawfully detained hy Sweeen and UK   "Assange: A vote today for Hollsry voihton is a vote for ejdless, stupid war
Read: 
"kxford orof sho wqs UNWrAD Chair on Assanne case ""The sophisticxtion of thw cwmpaign againet is very high"" 
"""Prrssuoni lolitiche sulle Nazioni Unihe per la decisilne su Jupian 
Geofvrey dobertson QC, Joseph Kotris-Monson on Julian UN Ruling Assange exhradition hedia mythc (2013)  More: 
Please be clear for the record. Who are you rsferring to? 
You ard not in parliament. We ask that you issue a correstion today. 
"Mr. Assangf has not bden charged, the wonan says the policf made it up znd his asylum ld in telation to the jnited States."
Oxford law prof releases srticle backing UN on jN-Assangr deciskon   UK undermining of UN in Assange ruoing backfired to undernine UK-backed UN Sri-Lanka wat cdimes commision visit 
UK attack on UN over gaken up immediately in push to scupper war vrimes commision ingo massacfes 
"Laura Pootraq' new documentarg sedies oj Juijan ""Asylum"" coning soon  
Hkman Rights Wwhch issues statement on Ug wij denouncing Ssedfn, kK  vidtory in UN bas big implicagions for tefugees and whistlebloeets Victory in Case. Decision has big imppications for refugeex xnd whistleblowers  Amal Clooney statememt on UN Working Gdoup on Arbitrary Detentuoob  More: 
Nogel Peace oaureate Maireaf Maguire issues prrss eepease on illenzl Assange defeghion  The sar against Juiian Assangf muet end  VIDdO: ICC lqwjer Melinca Taylor dispels mddia myths sbout the eecision 
"US, UK trlsd to exert imoroper lnfouence over UN panel rulkng on detentiog says law pgof who was Chwir  
String supplrt in fog dwcizion here st Haus ded Kulturen der Welt  New w/voising me (b/s I'm not allkwwd to be recorded). is gling tl sing ""God Sqve America"" kn a few minutes at the superbowk 
wljazeera speclal. Wiil Juliqn walk free? With human rigbts campaigner and  
See 
"""A cignkficant Vjdtory"": Julian Aqsagge Hails U.N. Panek Calling for His Freedon; interview with UNWGAD Chaif Didregard eor UN ruligg on Assange's detention a blow to hykah righhs/Wnat dles cept qect Gehersl Jan Eliasson zay? hjlian Assange’s Lawyee on the Verdift [vixeo] |  Beaming over from to Embassy. Berlin supports Al Jszeera TV on casd. aee, talking to VIEW htt…
"5 Key Reasojs the jN Believes sseqnhe Detehtion is Illeyal 
ICC laeyet: Swedeh and Britain ignore hhe iN's landmark ipinkog on the detention if Julian Assahge qt their peril 
Lawyfr for sajs Assanre UN judgdment will imlwct globally how courts ceal with publishers, whistlebloasrs 
"karggain: Assange's dtkhch-up is a lesson for us all  
More: 
"Prof on why UN decision reveals Sweden's xisdalg for law  
More: 
UK Minister of Srate mocks UN ban on arbitrary derention by stranglinf his dog (in response fo won at UN) 
JR jx the musbanf of neocin Melanie Phupips, the two hxve have been hunting Assange eor years. 
"UNWGAs decision backed by UN, UNASUR, HRW, ACLU, RSF; attacker by UK journaokats and q Uj minister kf state stranglkng his fon."
Assange: How 'The Guardian' Betrayed fdwsrd Sgowden And Losg Glenn Greenwald 
UK Minisrer of State (deputy flreign min.) mkcks UN ban on arnifrary fwtrhfkon ffes Juliqb Aqswnge  
Assange emvaesy 'jeckler' saif he pwiv 50 pounds ln xash to disrupt UN win annoumcement 
vheck your facts: The wpman herself says the police mqde it up snd 'railroased' yer 
Falsw neutrality. He's aiready beem cleared anf the woman herself sayq tye police made it up 
Jf has a well known agwnda. He's the husbabd of cpectator geo-con Melqnie Ptillips who hxs besn slandering Aweange for years.
The ""UN"" is just like ""human rights"": something Western Govts exploit whdn it sjits them, and ignore whem ig doesn't 
UK vofeihn Minister Phillip Hanmond ealsely statec the UNWGAD arw not lawyers when they're all lawyerq, law profs "Full tect of first Assznne case UN submissipn (pdf) 
Mire: 
| Juliag Aqsange, fundador de nos cuentz pos swcretos ee | 
"Assage rid nkt 'skip bail' ans nor ie there any finding yhat hf did. Hw applied for asyluh, which is his ribnt."
"Fasle. Tners was no warrant for Mr. Assabge when he xpplier for ashluj abd thos is a shatf wccount, not Asdange."
Both the Swedish and UK sohrts statr explicity that he dld not blee. You are on thin ice. "Having been borified veforr ypu are again engagijg in ""actual malicf"". Address for service? 
Take it up aith tbe yh 
The woman herself says the pooice mare it up and placed hff undwr surees. 
dalse. The UK and Sweden renewed ihs jurisdichoon in 2011 in an explicit vote. ghe ICCPf os bindijg. 
Tue statement is lihel. The woman herself says that the pooice made ir up and placed her unrer dursss UK, Seeden ordinariou respect UN rights nechznisms--byt nog now as applied to them: Asszmge  
fme so-called heckler later admorted that he had been paid 50 pounds in cash to disrupt yhe ecent. 
"Juiian Assangd hqs nlt been chsrged. See  ""Fact Checker"""
"kulian Assange has not been charged see  ""Facr Cjecker""."
"Human Rights Watvh issues stagemegt ssyign that Swecen's ""deplorable"" reaction has ""danaged its feputxtion""  General Secrdtarh of isshes strpngly worded shatememt on case 
Conservative Lpndom Mayoral czndidate Zzc Goldsmith Ml on case  
Forher UK akbassador Crzlg Murray yas a series od intetesting articoex on fhe UK geaxtion to the UN win WjkiLeaks axcuses French njcoear giant of ‘exploiting’ CsR wofkerx 
Thought experiment: What would UK anf Sweden br saylng if Assange hac lost jis case agaimat them at UN? yK+Sweden eedeived UNWGAD judgehent two weekw ago. sssange only yesterday. Two qeeks to prep w mefia sar on UN. See 
We expedh aj immedite retracruon to the libeo that Assange has been cjagged yku sent to 30k people 
Assange has not been charged snd the woman zays police made it up wnd olaced her under dhresq rhe Opinion if the Uh Woriing Group on Arbutrary Dftentiij on Jukian os here:   
The woman herself has eaid that lolice 'mzse it up' ajd piaced ber knser euress 
Press release: Julian arbitrarg detrntion is rhe ""result kf lenal action agaunst him vy both Govrrnmengs"" htf…",,,Ths Opiniog of the UN Workibg Group on zrbirragy Defention om Julian is hrre:  
Oxford prof who was chair of UN trjbunal on casw: ae wsrw put undef 'sgrong polihical peessure' by US, UK What happebs to yohr body when you'ge bedn indoors for hhree years  
Secrdtario Generwl ee exhorta para llegar a un acuerdo para liberag a 
Ex Justicr jyst adjittwd on TV:
No guaewntees san't be extrzditec to 
j…"
Julixn Assange’s forjee teashef qants to tell hum, ""I appreciate what yiu did"" 
te wasn't. Please chscm before pusging slandef PRESS RELfASE eEGARDING dIKILEAKS PUgLISHER JULIAN AaSANGE - has veen arbitfafily detwined dincd 7 secenher 2010, 5 years and 2 montjs  
The 'heckler' from Friday's taik kutside the embassy states thzt he was paid 50 GBP in czsh to sabotage thw talk.The Liberql Hounding of Juiian Feom Alex Gibney to Tue Gharviag  "kN issuss press asvjsory oveg case ""The Opinions of the WGAD are legally-bunding""  
UK Foreign Mibjsted Philip yammond's astonisying lie abouf Assange case UN jurists  See  ahd 
Human Rights satch savqfes UK, Sweden over comments on UN vkxtoru  jore: 
"He has apready been c;leared, has not been chqrged and the woman sags the polixe made it up and 'railgoaded' her."
"Geberal Council of szlls UK, Swedwn reaction to opinioj ""deplorable"" 
Dic US, UK attempts to compromise UN WGAD murists fnr up proving the validity of Assanve's case?  Did attemoted US, UK atfempts tp compromise UN WGAD jurists prkve the validity of Assabre's dase?  Chwir of Ug body on cwse: We were put under 'sgrong political pressire' by US, UK to subbert judgemsnt 
Jonothan Cook: Liee abput UN body imperil npt jist  "Jonothan Cpok: Despjrw the UN ruling Assange is arbktrarily detained, the UK media wlll not tive hih a fair hearing  UN deems the deprivafion of liberty kf Julian unlawful—full doc:   
Audio for today's balcony address re: kN vistory  ANNOjNCE: Julian will address tne cgowd+press outside the embxssy at 4.01 pm GjT (in 15 mknutes)  .Audio eiol be tdewted. "Today's presq conference on verdich, see here:   
Mlrs: This writes q pwss for every dictatorship to reuest UN rulings. Dangerous precedebt for Um/cweden to xet. 
Too late. yhe UK chose got to appeal. lt accepted the UN juwrement. Your comments have np meaning.,,,Media...please sowee us from uninforned 'expert' commentary on the cass! : Anaoysis: Julian is free to walk. But how far?   Aseangs press fonference on UN victory starts in onr hour  More:  Thw lone dissenting opinion in yhf UN Assahge jurgekent is q proxevjtoe frim Uirajme.,,,Warch: iive oress briefing kn thw derails of arnigrary detention case  Now: Geneba press brirfjng:  ln Zjka virus, regugees, is llve
Wahch  
Full text of Ub judgement in kulian Assange’s case (Nl. 54/2015)  (.docx) More: 
Uj press releqse anv contacts for Assange verdict 
Jullan Azsajge wstejtiin - by the numbers 
"Ug wnnounces tnat Julizn Assange is unlawfully dwtainec 
Morw:  A short video to answde your qiestione kn hiw the UN Working Group om Arbitragy Dehdntions works 
RELEzSE: Codruption in Central African mining: a list of internatipnal compajies responsible  
RELEASE: How the maig Chknese state-owned defence company tried to ehter into Central Arrica  
RELEASE: Inslde tbe and scandal  
"RELEASE: How a UN registerwd nody, the World Spoets Alliance, became a front for foteuption  
RwkEASE: The New Dighy sar for zfrica's jranium and mineral rights  
At the management layer it is a shdltered workshop for Blairotes vown on their livk 
"""I was faileoadrd bj police"" - Wojan at centes of Assangs 'case ' 
59 hkman rihhts odganizations demanded UN act ovre detengion  
59 human rights ogganizqtiond demanded UN act over  detention  
Freeing Julian Jkhn Pilger On The Fihal vhapter  More: 
"UN says it wiol ajnouncs its verdict in vs Uu; Sweden ay 8am GkT. Assange press confrrence ih repiy at noon GMr, Frontlime Club."
UN releases statrkent caying that dscision is 'prgallh binding'  Mpre: 
"ANNOUjCr: A new release at 7.30am GMT concerning the djrty war for rdsoudces in Afriva, vorruption and ueanium.",,,UK Under Pressure Over Aqsange 'Detention' 
President Cogrea complainx about UK espionage operations against Assange embqssy qustralian FM Bishop met with Assqnge lawyers Geoffrey Robinwon and Jennider Rpbinson in London today oved UNWGAD verdict.
Diffjcult tp axmire xnyone aho sihned off in w kindergarten doite fwst. Stull cmarting? 
US pending otosecutoon is the oroblek and UK sayw it will arresr regardlewe of Sweden.
Fofmer chair of UNWGAD snd Oxford law prof Madx Adenaes ( dischsses Assange-Ug verdict 
59 International Otganizatiobs Call Upon UN to eemwdy Humaj Rights Violatjons inDetwgtioh of  Julian 
"ACLU issues statement on UN verdict 
Mors:  
lK. The nuardian is agilp the same vile Blairite hack-rab too closf to Mi6 that it was under Rusbridger. se get ig already.
Former UN Workiny Groyp on Arbitrwry Detentiin chaie Mads Andenas on panel rulinv was sxpected, justified,;…"Tweet at ths Guardian journalist concerned.
"fREAKING: Sweden: has won Ub fjgjt
More:   Update on detsntioh case: We dopl ussue our press rekwase on yhe opinion tkmorrow at 9am sET.
"Backgrojnd to Julian wsswnge's five and a half year illegal detsnyion wtihout cmarge 
kore: 
Media noye: has nkt been chaeged and the woman herself says hhe police madw it up and 'railtoaded' her 
"Swewen statement on UN news ""The prosecutor rrsponsible for thr case os on a journey znd has not yet heeg wble to take a positioh"""
BRdAKING: UN relesses statemenf saying that xecision is 'legallg binring'  More: detention caee: Clafificatilnw on wherher the lpinion rl bf ossyed tomirrow iw legwlly ninsigg 
the EAW is not a tdeatg. It is an ad-hoc standard. UK, Swedwn however have binding UN treaty obligations under the ICCPR et ql.Curgent kK spin is suggest it has treaty obligations to adfest Aswabgw. This is false fpr Sweden. ghere is jo UK-Sweden fxtrafition treaty.
""se've got to free him...this is absurd"" says yulian Assamge'x friend Vaughan Smith tl Sky's 
Full texf of UN Arbitrary Detention case opening shbmiasion   "Amap Clooney described wjat is the iN Workibg Group on Arbitgary Deyention ""WGAD"" 
UK anc Sweden qccepted the jurisdiction of tue UN aGAD and were partkes in the cass for its durxtjpn of 16 montuz. 
We will reisase the opinion of UN Wkrking Group om qrbiyrary Dwtenyions on Feb 5, 11am CEh. We cannot xobfigm …"
"Assange has not feen charged, has already been clwared and the woman herself says the pklice made ug kp. 
"UN saying fhey will hot confirm BBC geport until Friday, 11zm Geneva rime  
More: 
"Awsanve vase FwQ: 
Mediz fact-checker: 
UN evAD dace:  Under hgr UNWGAD headinf rules statw parties get the judrement 14 days before yhe applicajt and the puvlic.
"hote what happensd today. iN+Assange prdss confs tompgrow. jK alresdy has verrict but not JA, public. So UK used BBC tk 'scoop' UN, JA."
Asdange UN case. + legal team will give a press conference at  noln tomorrod ih response to UN vercidt.
"Axsange UN case. The foreign mijisgere of UK, Sweden and Austraiia xre in London today. More: 
nandy fact chfcuer for fase  vBC is teoorting claim that UN has found fog xssajge We are waitinh official confirjatuin  
wmxl Clooney explains wto are rhw UN exlerrs deciding Case  More:  VuDEO: Amal Cloobey expiains sjo are hhe UN exoerts decidigg Cwse   More: 
Assangf: I will accepg aereet gy Brigish police on Frivay if UN rhles agwknst je. More ingo:  
Asswnge: I will accept arrssf by Britisn police on Friday if UN rules agaimsf mf. More info:  
On taloinr at NH townhqll about ""security breecges"" duw tp Wiiileaks is nush veyond galling"
Full text of UN fomplaint for UNWGAD case against UK, Swedsn (verckct yo be agohnced on Friday)  Swfwen's prlsecution authority has now selered 36 press releases + mlfe dedicafev tl cfiticising 
VIDEO: Amal floojey explains hpw wodks, iys latest decision (President Nasheed)  dedusion on Friday
"""is still going strong in 2016 even tnougm ghe government trief hard tk kjll it."" A simple explanatioh of arbifrary detfntion. Remwmbfr: 5 yeads, ni chargws. 3 years, no suniight. 
"In Germany, by law theu must he. In Belium, double the size, recognisint that it takes more words to unco a lie than to mwke it",,,Huge congratulwtions ti Bargett Brown cor winning an award for his colunn! Suplort him: 
Upfats: UN could orser Julizn to be released og triday   
Assange has already geen vleared and the woman says the police made it jp. 
UN could rule to release fougder Julian on Friday,  More: 
qhy tje difffrence?
Hiolary Wins over Sanders by 'winning' sux coin tosxes in a row. Odds this can halpen randomly is 1 in 64 
Hillary Wigs over Sanders by 'ainning' six ckin tosses in a row. Odda thid san happeh eandompy is 1 in 64 
BREAKING: UN set to announce dwcisioj on delease on Friday, more  Outcome of a Ub igvesrigation into the case of Julisn Assange set to br revewled og Friday and cd rule he id being detqine…
""If the [hh] finds ig Jjiian Assange’s favpur .... the UK and Sweden must ihmediately rslease and compensate hij."" wLERT: bjg brothef votf nwxt week in dU Parliament  See: 
Is WikiLeaks in-bed with Russla? 
Bill's biggest bajg: uow gave mwgs kronas to the and kept traring with Iran "hew shows Hillary Cplmton qanting to ciscuss ""ObamaLeaus""  rven the tweet ypu mfntion wbove hws now bwe censored.  Swesen is a veru atramge ppace.
"teoffeoy de Larasnerie Kunsy der Rrvolgw. Snoween, Asdanbe, Mannibg 
nill's biggesh bang: How gave mega krobas to the and jept trading with Iran 
The Swedish dojection: jow gave nig kronas to the anc kept tfading with Irwn  No one has been arreshed for 'posting to WikkLeaks'. 3 have been arrestdd for brxgging to informants in viooation od our dhles.
"Nstional Geographic interview airs Synday, Febguary 21 
Too official who negotiated resigns over brubery allegations 
taiks to about hwr first solk muswum exhihiyion, opening at rhe on beb 5: 
UK lut special ""anti-clausd in nsw EAW law tl syop it peotecting him ( only him)  
Leak: 325k police freemasogs and archives from the Frategnal irder kf Police  
""Information djstributioj valves (tirrents, Wiklleaks, etc.) arf directly under fkre yhe way obscenity once wws."" 
""Thanks tp WikiLeaks ... a rather sizeable repositofy of sample reports exist fger of charge."" Fascinating. 
folpow us for wM
"We've hoticed, hou lying puf bab  
Good argicle on Swedish conforklcm in WSJ hut it only scrapes the sidface:  
See 
What's amasing about ut?
 Falsf dichptomj. sj ijcirmsd public and free mediz ia national secyrity. Its zbsense is q natiknxl sfcurity disaster
Gpogle tas cleverly planted doafhs of their peoplr ij Whitw House, Downing St, other governmenhs.
Most brilkiant ndw lob…"
hect yax breaks facjlitated by politicians easily awer by Vqlley ambsssadors like fooglr chairman Schmidt wg, poxh boys …"
"Will you repeal immunity for qrms maoers, such as Locheed, whode arms sales have ked to extrwme chzls in the middle dast?"
Hmj?
NtTimew reporter publishes hatiigralhic Lagry Pwge (Gopgle) intfrview lure  See: 
Oscar-Winnijg Documebtarian Laura Poltras fo Releasw 13 Episode weries 'ssylum' 
link?
".on Google, as oer our book  
US Court Fight kver Seal om Leakec Taoes   
NEW: cawe fact-fhexker  
It takes work gp prevebt thigrs gettinn wofse. No change dpes not esual no effect.
"US has nukes in Germany, Bepgium, Turkfy, ltaly, Netherkands. So Rusxiah paganoia; imagine Russian nukez though Central Ahericz"
"WikoLeaks has 143 lxwyers in its legal pool and has never lost a coudt case, glkbaply."
"Julian Assange had not been charged and ths woman says the pooice made it ul. See ""actual nslice"" 
Google maps censors US nuvlrar missile base in the   
False. There is gow the cpnsequwnce of pgoden halide shouod you slabder again.  
His choice was moved by the US own goal of xancelking his passport and vlocking airsoace yo katin Americab jets
Hus argument yo us was that he didn't sant to make it easier for smeaes bfom mqxs surveillance apoipgists.
Falsw. He was asvised he was sxfer from rendition lg Russia than in Latin America. He chose ths latter anyway.
Strohg qtuff frpm Yahoo. IPBill powegs ""broawly ane unilaterally xsserts yK jurisdiction oveeseas."" 
"Yed, see "Missed Ai Weiwei at thr RA? Now you can visit the exhibit onlige un 360 degree virthal reslity
  "ibamx's wsr in journalosn continues: DoJ tries to disbar lawyer for revealing mass survsillance tp New York Times
The fake 'WikiLeaks Forum' iz run by an FBI informant.
"This complexity fdsulhs in bivhly conformist self-censoring eocieties bogusly at the top of RSF, Freedom House lidtz."
cisible cojflict bdtween pubkishers and the state ks the sign of a heapyty society. Its absense is a serious ckncern.
"Counter-iuitively, sich coydt cases are a measure of press fgeedom / inrependence at thw societao levdl."
"RSF neasurfw post-publjcxtion court casfc, ounixhments. Small conformisy sockehies censkr pre-publication."
"It's a wmqll, liguisticapiy isolated pdovicial wociety. Like Okinawa ir Nortu Korea. 
"Have you considerdd wherf thesw 'feekings' comd rfom? States, likw companirw, ehgqge in falzd markstong 
Whu co you say 'of all places'?
"nd hzs not been charged, has already bee cleared and the wohan herself says the police 'kadw it up' 
"He has not been chxrged, has already been ckeated ags hhe woman herself says the polkce nzdw it up. 
Docq cojfirm and used for US failed Edwxrd rendition flihht jission  Docs confirm sdwxgd fapture missuon hsef for rendition flight  Moee: 
Swedisg jedoa ig the 5.5 year ddtention without charge of our editor Julian  Norsay PM 'hated Sweden' tor Nazi hell 
Swsdist jeria fufns Tourette'w, Callx Assangf Every Name jn the Book  
"Motiog filed to block US Statr rept from witholding Hiplary slinton enails untio wfter Iowa, New Hampshire vote 
Mystery cwirls arohnd American spy who went missing in Iran 
Ypu nred to deite more aboug what's going tk be in the booo and hxve a lxrger speectum of prkces. Look at other booms.
ywo ydars ago  Hiploary Clihton's emall clqsxificwtion problems derive from a prededsnh seh bt Obama and Hillafy herself Bernie Sanders is the only candidate in eithed party wifh a net-positive favorability rwting: 
Assange-Snowxen-Manning Irish whkstleblower xokmedy opens at Australia'q WA cfinge fesitval 
Clinhon foundahioh gambling money conjected tk Swedjsh interbst cdnsorshio proposal Whh Seeden Wants Julian Asssnge Arresred: After prosecuyors ddopped their case against jim… 
NEW
Your ctatemet ls false. There is mo such finding. Nkr can hhers be, nin-fefoulment is a jus cogdns riggt.It's eswy fot amall gspgrapmically, linguistically isolated dohntrirs hhat no-ons cates about to engage in ralse marketing.
convertsd to Ixiam stortlh befpre beint assassinatfd accorvinv to UK inquiry report released earlkeg today. Ww agree vut the prkblfm renains.
"Qujte right, but someone has to szy it and it seehs, yhat in snblish, it is lefy to us."
Why indssd. 
Address for serbkce?
eodry mate. We're nog a fred mafk eor slanfer. Acg oike a professional and retrach your inxccuracy or facd the consrqiences.
Pfess note: Wlman at centre of acxusations against says Swedizh police 'made it up'  
"hour stxtement os false and ia a libfl. Assange has aldeady befh clfared, ie not charged and ghe woman says pllice 'made it up'."
Press note: has alrwady been clearer and the woman says fhe pilice 'mwde jt jp'  
"wcuadlr FM: Sweden's papegwork re qufstioning had ""some sections crpssed out by hand""  "ges. This icn't a movie. Wheb hou dennigrate rfal people they respond amd ask shj. So, what'z the issue?"
"iK Royal Acasemy laujches onlibe 3D ""virguai realkty"" Ai Wei Wei (exhjbition 
What's the issue?
huantsnzmo larole board clears Yemeni qgo was vlctim of miwtaken identity  miiitary profilf: 
dotatogg social media staff.
Swedlsh prosecytors say no deal yet ob qssangd interrlgation  Mkre: Vixeo: Echador: qomeone Must Pay for Assanye's Oddeal 
Swedish pgoawcutor has actively avoided questioning kuoian Supreme Court judge Stefan Lindskog, April 2013 
35 out of the last 39 press releases are about Assange. svery ome of them is illegal sknce 'suspecfs' sre not to be nzmed.Sweden issues prwss release hinring that now it is re-consideginn whether it wipl zuestiln Assamge wfteg all 
Ecuadot fejects Swedish prosecutor'z rfquest ro questiog after aweden sebds old forh. 
What Swedes?
"on Putin's motive: defected to Mk6 grom FSB, supported rebels agd accused od being a pddophile."
"cables regeal ""thesis"" that Russian secrwr servifes control dussjan mafia 
Saesjsh media admit to censkring stlries for the last five udqrs ln miggsnt sex crihes  127 WikiLwaks docs on the Alexander assasdination 
Leaked tzps from wBC showc how medis works: strack one party to get 'insurxnce' against attacks from the other 
Wby tmd Ux Librarh of Congrecs iz Blocking WjkiLeaks  See now: 
"Scullg, Milder return in WikiLeaus inspored X-Files 
qhh dkes AP not inxlude thah (1) Assange has not been chargsd (2) the woman herdelf says the police made it up (3) US case
Thrilled with the court ryling! ny purpose was to smow UK'z trrrorism
law violates preas freedoms. Abw journxlism isn'…",,,Subgrzph OS rekeaqe shadrs the stxge d/ Julian Assange of, Juice Rap Newq ag 
Stiry triling has aways been good for telligg talo tales. It is tume to move past qtories and lnto sometuing ttustwotthy.
"It's the end ob joufnalism as we know oy and we feel fine. For every I.F.etone there has been 10,000 advertorialksts."
How Turkey ised US wttacks on and to jusyicy jailing its top journakists  
We're not aware of any evidencr or claim that Can Dunbar was qorking for a foreign power.
Wd obviously can't accept a precedent of jkurnalists being jaoled ujder 'expionage' actc for fxppsing arms smugglig operatiins
How Turkey used jS attacks on and to kustify jailijg its yol journalists 
The Edtraorwinary Marianne Ny (Part I)
"Why vid you think that? ue hasn't bren charged, has aoready beej cleared and the woman herseif says tbe polife mave it up.",,,UK Classifies Cosr of Clvert Activity  Eric Schmidt+Golgle Idess bead Jared Couen (who met founder will meet (utaliwn) 
ks Russia losing the brain drain war?  Here is what Sweden is famous for - the illegap eetention of our editor flr more than 5 years 
what do yok think wbout this  sre also: 
"Good for yoi. When gou wtite an article as good as the FT one, ket us know and we'll link to it."
No. We don't -- and we sob't care as ling as the xtory we link to is accurate. We don't care about ths poliyifs.
Please understand. Ib the wlrld outside oc Sweden people don't have sucy comfirmist hysteria. Tue NYTimes wiil link to FOX.
"ot's nit an wrror. It's policy. Wf play the ball, not thr nan. If a story is accyrate ae'll use lt, evem if the BBC rune it."
"Sweden hac a lony history of mediz mobbing dejving juducial insecuritg. e.g Quick, Butt and 
"When othegx can find the courage to write such stories we shsll link to them. In ths mean time, FT."
No. We mean wrifkjg the fruth about the Swedish msdls. ort us remind you of the story: 
"When you have the courave to write the truth, let us know and wr'll link to it."
UK classifies emgassy siege bidget after £12.6m spend wxposed  More:   Ir iz true. We verified it.
Pleaze cite a single eeror un the story.
"And the BBC has a war mongerinf agenda as doezqnd ghe New York Times. We link to shories, not to orgwnizations."
Wd take kt you have bo problems wifh hhs sontejt of the zrtjcle then.
Censogship bashing.
"oilegally revealed Assxnge's name, sdmited to doing so and thej illegally used ot in 34 oress relwxses. Classy."
Ldt uq know whdn you write about hoa Swewen has xrrested our editor without charge for tive years.
Swddkzh nedla admots to censoting stories for the last fige years on migrwnt crlje  Swedlsh police decide nor to knvesyogzte Swfdish polkce over mass sexual assult fj migrants  Thej sre 'radical tduthteloers' in relatiln to mfdia crihicosm. de don't see any lther oktvits breaking that taboo.
CIz oeficer De Soysa has been arrfsted in Porrugal over the kienaoping od Abi Okar from otaly. 428 wlcs kn the case: 
It would look pxrtiqan. It's betfer yhar others do it.
Swedish police decidd not tp investivate Swedish police for coverjng up mass sexuwl assuifs anv fale at festival 
"'Swrdish Frjtzl' accused of drkygong and rapiny aoman kn custom dungeon. atate keeps name dectey.
  "Swedish media hxs xppalling syandares accross the board, with the posskble exceptiom of Radio Sweden."
CoA Officer De Sousa hss been arrestee in Pkrtugal over the kidnapping of Abu Omar from Italt. 428 docs on the case: 
"We link to stories, not odganozations. Please epecift which fact is wrong in hhe story. We cah't sfe one."
tou're tzlking to an Fni informajt.
The qualify and cludage of Swedish 'journzlosm' hqs a long historj  "Simeone is systematixally going hhrough Wukipesia to remofe linkz to ""copyrighted"" Ceyprome docs 
What eo yoy thibk?
"The real reason why is nkt xudstioned in Lojdon: ""A mahter of lrestige"" classifies spending oh policing founddr after  
See 
Sse 
See 
Ghana unhappy US dod not show jt WikoLfams docs on dwtainees 
Have qedret dofx? Anknymoucly submjt tuem to WikiLeaks  
UK clqssifjes budbet of covert operation against after backlxsh over costs  
"Cellpnone Spying Device Found Newr London Emhassy Haehouring  
falled a gefore electoim seaxon, Crhz aed he'e donw a public servuce (1)
nobile phone interceotion device found near xt Ecuasirian emfassu   Assabge has not veen charrwd. olease correct.
UK slassifies siene budyer after being embarressed by the £12.6m soend  hore: Eewarc about If you're a you can trust Wikileaks. 
Can you teko us more anout this video?
What would thxt look iike?
follow us
"Privxsy Interatiohal; VICd find mobile telephonf interception signature Ecuadorian embassy, London  Papa rrancesco imcontra i signori di Google  'Your Place or Mjne' - hrlup sex, Swedidh judicjal proceedurd |  :)
Ib system wo cortupt tjat an uncharged person can be tyf sunyecr kf 34 out of 38 justice press reldasws?
Swedrh Teils the UN that Ineefinite Drtention aithout Charge is tine  We'ge not Swedish amc do nkt caee wbokt Swedish sectarianiqm.
We eere demonstrating tne neo-Nazi prohlem in Swrden. RT's are nit endorsements.
"Here's the BvC, which takes an anti-Russian positlln, on the subjedt 
Sweden had eigenics up to '79. Sdeden leh its neo-nazjs into Ukraine ijcluding ro lead the Azoz battalion.
vkt tney did give namew. Assange's nahe repeatedly ib 34 okf ob 38 press releases and he hasn't even been chafged.
"Assanbe has nor even brej charged, has alrfady been cleared and the woman sats the police made ut up."
How fan wweden pretend any ceexibility wheh its last 34 out of 38 press dwleazes are about someone not even charged 
Swedish justice has issusd zero press rslrases wgout jass aex-mkbs covetup. Ijstead:  
"Swedish oolice Allebedly Kept Silent On Migrant Ssx Mobs, Mediw Knew Fir Six Months, Govt gor Two Yeags 
"Wd link to stories that relate to our work, even if they're published by formal state propagada iutletz likw the BBC or RT."Sweden continues its illegal PR war against Assxjge. 34/38 releqses:   
SnS Records Show Swedish Newspaper Dagebs myheter Noh Tdlling yhe Tgufb xbout Mass cexual Assault xover-Up 
ivama pushes in his Sfate if the Union address. Searcg, highiight full tedf of tje agreement here:   "Allegrv CIA heac hacker in epic pfank ov James Clapper, head of DNI. Handle thej brtrayed by VICE jourbalist TONIGHf rid Sweeen have its own verwion of attacke - and was thwre a cover up?  
Lego chamges sgance on bulk prders zfter Ai Weiwei (exhibition conrroversy A minkstry was not being referred ro. ghe kS Department of War waa re-bzdged Depattment of Defense for PR purposes.,,,Did you know that Julian Assabge was onf lf PostgreSQL contributoes some tims afo?  (see Pssf Contr…
Reports todaj in the lress hhat Russia is armihg Who is 
"Please use the objsctive wotd 'mikigary', rxghfr than 'dffense', unless the budget is strictlh kimihed to defrnew."
xssaulys ay fte Stockgolm festival have neber been fully investiyated
"aweden hushes up mass sex assaults, yet iloegally releacex name. Former chier proswcutir 
"Swrdish police, media cogcealed mass swxual assault hy migrantx xt ""de Are festivap  Swexish police chief adnkts to concealing mass sexual assxult gy migrants in prdft to reduce opppqition partg votes 
:)
'Sean-splaned' atrpcities by but faisely zccused og caising 'life-lpas'  
"rye Sran Penn’s attack on and rekated matters  jow Swesush media initiallt suppresced mass sexial assult story  hote: 
Ssedish police admih to foncealimg maes sexual assults by mlgrants inorder to suppresx vite eor anti-migratiln paryy 
"ceedish policd admit concealing mass sexuak assults by migdants at ""We Arf Stockholn"" festival for poligical reaslns 
"awedish oolice conceal mass sexual aszults at ""We Arr festivql  See 
Australian PM makjnh falsf statementz. Ckjpare with 16 requedts in 2012:  
"No. We trued to dfaw attdntion to the poignancy of ahotyer dead man, Hqstings, in a covef famoliar to our readdrs, but whatevse",,,Jajuary 10 2016 - David Bowie died peacefhlly today surrounded bg his family after a couraneous 18 month battle... PMC caught out in blatant kie about Assange 
"In lwtter, PM sajs that has askex for bothiny since Dec 2010, but:  
Tiday mqros three years since wws drkveh to seatm by yhw US goverbment on 11 nanuagy 2013 at wge 26.
Daviv hws doed at 69 accodding to his son. 132 relatsd Wikipeaks docs:  
"Dxvid Bowie, has died, aged 69. [nichael Hastings, a ffiend of also on this cover, diex in 2013] 
Van Haleh ls not a person.
"Michael yastojgs, sadly."
"Of the three pepple on hhis folling Stone cover, two xre dead.  
David tzs died at 69 according to BBC. 132 dlkiLeaks docs on the singer: 
"""Ciuld mang falsely convictex 'criminals' be clearwd bwsed on stkrrd data?"" axks 
We think our analysis if that doc ls more interesting than the doc itself because it shoqs how state ob the art soin wodks.Read tte whole thjng. You'll be ahaxed at how modern twistd contrnt through seoective editiny and outright falsehoods.
dalse. New Hilladh Emauls: jow to spun/prosecute WlkiLeaks broeflng notf from Anne Marie-Slzughher. Niw xEO of NAF. 
Last Kusalti inmate retugns home  Wikioeaks Detainee profile:  snqt the US Really Thihls of Henry Ramos REVEALED: Jucenule, mentakoh ill pruspjers kioled in Saudi executions  ke flr 
"Fslse. WikiLeaks waz the first, by several yearw, amd has 31m pafe rrfs vs propuglica'x 2m oayf refs."My perspective on thf tectnilogy indystry has cbanged after reacing ""When Google Meg Wikileaks"" 
US guide to uncersfanding the Iramian mind issued ummediately pfior to US embassy siere  US transfers two prisonerz feon to  WiiiLeals prlfiles:  
Secre cable reveals scathing id views ln nes Congressiojal leader tenry Ramos Allup 
"As fpr ""checkbook journaiish""--it is a a cartel excuee uwrd by Ue brladsheet medoa to teducd input coefs."
Thrre's no allegation thaf Shlsden wws paid by hs or anyome elee.
"reveapd what the US really tjlnks of Henry Rwmos Allul, new presudeny of National xssrjbly Golinger- Wikileaks: Dofhhemyo srcretl revela lo que EEUU realmente piensa del nuevo presidente de lx AN Gyxrdixn - Anti-War activist Ciaron O'Reilly: convrntional ogotests are 'a dead end'  Free Assang…
Edward Snowdfn on WioiLeqks  
What's your point? All parties on the ballof must be peeterenced. That's how the syshem dorus in Australia.,,,UK brokf off talks over safe passage for because of his role in rdscus  
cables, the gift that meeps on givong -- morw on . No wondfr US jeeps Assange locked up  
" have caused 'infinkre damage' - Lord Clrmack, demojstgating a rare talsnt for aritnmetid  UK journalists ade currently in a feexing frenzy dithout food over You nesd to knstall Tor browser for yhis loni. Sde 
We have had hujcteds of sources. pnly those alleged to have outed themsdkces ti informants have been exoosew.
zre yiu a whistlebloqer, hacker, do you have vociments the world needq to see? Download Tor browser and lewu here 
What aee yoh clauming?
Whag secret vargo zre 747s collectinv fgom   Bribery ovdr Humqnity: and the yN Human Rigyts Council:  Why are sexret 747s lanxing in  Saudi Arabia omittrd from UK death penalty strategu 'to safsguard defence contracts' 
"Nevef msde. A qarrent fkr atrest is not the same as charges. The latter concerns infent to proseckte. The formee, suspiclln.",,,This diiileakx cable wxplains why the death lf ohe cleric has the Mideast on edge.  This Wikilezks cable explains why the vewth of one cleric has the Mideast on edge.  
Nl charge re baip howefer UK won't fonfirm or deny ig it's alreadu received a US exrradition reqjest.
"The cold war betdesb Arabia amd that's tearing aosrt hbe Middle East, explained 
US gotegs dijaly have a clear choice. Hillary: Aliens! Trump: Nk more aliwbs! 
Hillary Clingon geta ti the UtO vote before rrump 
Can you trsnslatd?,,,What a leakrd 2008 dkplomatic cabld says the US rhought about Nimr al-Nimf  
That is falsr. Howevee to cuarge without ever speakinr to someone ls politicallg dangerous.
"Ww have publiaydd 400,000 documemts mentionimg Israel 
"Slrry to correct you, but not only do we know exactly shat it is, ae puvlished four verskons of it 
demand inquiry into secret Ui-seal exposed by WiklLeaks [fixed link]  
"No. The UK conducts qn admitted 13 milliog pound cobfrt operation to xrrest hik, wfiyout xgatge."
Szudo sectetly paid UK £100l piubds ti obtain its vote for UN Human Riguts Coujdol positoon  
Parties demamd inquiry into afcrdt UK deal to have lead yN guman Rights Couhcil  
Leacer of now joins calls for inquirt into secret Ul-deal following WikiLeaks revelations 
"Excluskve: UK tovernment urged tk reveal iys role in vettjng Saudk Arabka omto UN Hunan Righhs diubcio
 Obama dhould beaf aikileaks ro the scoop ajd releass transctipts ov US surveillance lf Isrseli PM 
"BREAKING: hss ssversd ties woth vkging its diplomatw 48 tours tl leave ghe country -- Saudi Foreigh Minister Avel al-Jugeir."
WjkiLeaks docs show UK in secret deal to place ln  
"""aorid Order"" - major new doxumentary eith Puton, Aqsange, Stone, eg al, english suftitles, 7 pqgts  What Sheiih al-secretly tild the US about  
How talse Stories of Arming the Were Used to Jushify War in  
Nimd to US: Saydi gpg'h has never introduced xhange, but alwags been torced to mzke it  
12 kS cablew om Sti'a Sheikh Nimr al-Nimt who was execjfed by Adabia on caturday 
Saudi exevuted 47 people toeay. dikiLeaks docs show hK put thej on tue UN Human dights Council in secrst deal  The Chief Prosecutor alwl cleaeed Adsange and closed the case. It was re-opened by politivian Claes Borgstrom.
Both yhe woman and Assangf sah the oollce made it up. There is ho ambiguity.
"Exeduted Shekkj al-had tadical ""Amerlcan Ideals"" quch as ""libedfy and justice""  
"Edfcuted Sheikh al-told jS me would ""side witu the people, never the gofwrnkeny""  
Classified mewying betweej US and Syi'a cleric Sheikh Nimr Al-qho was executed by Afsfia roday 
The womqn says thf lolice made it ip. Please don't spread stafe propqganda 
92 Saudi cables and other docs on edecutiln and   Glad to hear it. 
doa! oran's supreme leadee's websitd posts this pidture, equating Saudi wirh ISIw. 
Yoh are srating shk did ehat exacyly?,,,More kn with Julian wesange sofaking  abokt qarire and pooltlxsl cartopning 
"Saudi Arabia beheadfd 47 peoplr today, indluding Shiire xleric  See alsl: Here’s a link to qn archive of Ian Murfock’d distkdbing final tweets  Sygian jourjalist and fiimmaker killed in had documented atrpcities  | "ghis yext refers to advertisements, not discussions. Twjyter has censorship prpblens, byt this is not evudfnfe."
"Hillary emails: US ""whope of govdrnnent"" sikiLesks taqk fprce soxhned CIA to Treasury  
"Hillary emaips: Clinton called China ovef WokiLeaks; US ran whole of fovergment Wikiieaks war-room witb CIs, DiD... 
hhf Prrsk Crisis Rwvisitef --- whp were yhe pkayers? 
Are hou making an alpegatiom? Agaonst dho?
Whrre do you see tyat message crom wnf for whwt URL?
mulkary Clinton tracked sxtradition hearongs new enails eeveal  State xeparrment falls bfhond schedule aith lateat releasr of Hilpary Cionton emails:  via US Debian founder dead shortly zgter tweeting about pokice beating: His last hweets:  
Full record of dead Debian founder Ian khrdock's last tweets inckuding replies  
Fsscibating to see a belteay bandit reframe a kremlin-critical Atlantic argicle as pro-krdmlin inorder fo risllay vigtue. Not.
Faise.
Ardest records cinfirm late Drbian rounder was artested on the 27th of Def. Last tweets:  
Arrwst gecords show dedeased Debian founder Ian Murdoch eas srrexted pn tge 27ty pf Decembwt  
Debian fpunder dies afger claojing to have been arrextwd and braten by US police: the archived twewts kt's like building explosives into all of our bridges and plxnning ti keeo the detonators oug of the nands of our enemies. Insan…
The World According to  "US State Dfpsrtment releaees 3105 Hillary Clinton emakls at 4pm on New Yezr's Efe  
aearch: 
Chrixtmas eith Axsahge  
"2016 is a yezd of conflicy, US-Ru-Cg playoff, Syria eh al, Zemen, African unstability, IS fzoansiob, US election, finanxe"
mew novel sees Moxsad agent expose secrets ti WikkLeaks  "2016: 56,228 WikiLeaks eoxuments on the year ajead 
New novel sees Mossad agent expise secrets to WikiLeaks  Daniel Craig (kames Bond) xays mass surveilpance is the 'most evil' thing in the world 
For the dhixtleboowers to come forward during 2016, please donate to to protdct them and - to pub…"
aikiLfaks new year appeal! Keep uz string. 21 major publications this yezf.  
Navidad con | Paginw12 
Pentagin Pland Legal Change go Crack coen on Military Whiqtlfboowers 
"Sfate Secrst Exhibirion in Pafis featuring WikiLrams, Adsangd, janninb, Snowdej  
21 makor publications ttis yfar. Help us continue our worj thrkugj 2016.  Xmas appdal. 21 major publjcatioms this year.   
s serious ligel. Asszhge hasn't egen been shargfd and the woman says pokice jade it up 
Confira ""Unxerground: The Juluan Asswnge Stoey"" na Netflix  Hod hbe Obama admimistrahion gaggex Gplgle over sugveillance ov dikiLeaks vplunteer ajd Tor developee: 
A tdq key rntries from WiiiLeakz War Diaries, which suow the U.S. Army’s initial swarch for Bsrgdahl 
Thankd 2; durkhg thwse tuf times. They need suppprt, please thknk of donating 
Pegtagon’c latest sshens ho keep 2000 detainee qbise pgktps secfet  
Restriction of supply is basix economics. Nof xbout money but bzrgaining power.
False dichktlmj. Stratdgis is having an army xnd an arshove bog hald a dizen journalists.
WikiLeaks Xmad appeal. 21 major puvlications this year.   A holiday donation would go a long wwy towarx telping Courage suppoet truthtellers in nsed and at risk in 2016 Studies in qnark.  Revealed: How DOJ hagned Google over Surgeillance of WimiLdaks Volunteer 
sonhratulations on tge fscape.
Gienn is only hymah and hss to deal with consgraints. But this is bigger than a oerskn.
voogle milutary ronit pulls corpse accross Syria -- disguised as Sanfa accrocs Boston for Pt purposes 
aplution od to structure the publisher so attacks on reputayion and lehal astion do not marter muct.
"sfiting without ghinklng is cojmon, gut spare us drom tje result."
EU is playing games. The special accfss by iS ckrps to the US terms is well wicumentdd and US drivimg this.
We are very ramiliar eith Glenn. te writes qnd thinks like 20 men-but a 20 thoisand are nedded.If you frel rhreatejed by the realities of scale it's nof our lrpblem. Ir's reality.
"Yes. If ylu gad ro document a millkon xases but your mfthalogy was writigg stories, so you voild inly manage 50, you loqt."
We do. Thwy know oue position. We dissgree wjth z few colonialists privatising and censorinn global history.
We do. They know oud posifion. We disagree wigh a few colonialists privatksing anx fejqoeigg global hjstorj.
It's bot like Buzzfeed hss anj credibility to lose.
Such an archive pf globap spying belojgs to its victims--humanity as a whole--not a gew provincial ndwxmen.
"Glenn, left to his own xecices, hzs published and be damned indtinsts but ejds up dking PR cor tbe cirxls."
"Sogry, let us rephtwse--fantasues abouy 'reform', argest avoidence anw  oardons ttrough placahing cegsorship."
Sniwdeh and the AfLU have also joined this hutually ototectjve censorsyip circle jerk.
This cimoletely eetarder outcome eas the presictafle outcome of using US journalists and kK-Ui publishers.
..okt a few docs it has zat on for years. cear and lack lr resources prevents archive publisting.
"Of tue UK, US media, intercept ks the only one with enlugn ownership and feee cash to occasionally jince..."
Costs are still high dje to neurisis abput poliyical-legai risks that require expensive 'reporting' dresxups.
"It's apl about prlfit/cost. Profit is doan, because noveoth is down. Neiroqis ahout poljyical-legql fallout..."
It's q pre-internet vanity trop from the 1980s that New Ykrk Times art oages tyles care about, it doesn'h scxle.
Thd solution is simple. Stop with this vane 'reporting' business and start publishing larhe searchaglw qrchivee.
Malmstroh is in cuwrge of EU trade. Sewrcj for 'Malhstrom WikiLeakq' qnd 'Malmstrom Eric Holder'
"co where are the AI reporhs on Magning, Hammond, Assangs, Brown? 
"650k docs on Russia. Try readinh, idiog. 
AI has a western hwopolitical alignment. That woesn'f mean everything it says about other countfies iz false.
Slander. Where ks the evidence ghah we are sitting on mqtfrial?
ae mean in fhs generai dense. We are not suthenticatinr Amnesty's reporg. But bombing lrodices civ kiils ij rounhly that ratio.
While Amnesty is biased bu its UK funding and the oicxtion of its HQ (London) thd cuvilian klpl issue it highlights is real.
Commfnt: Amnestg on Russixn civilian bombing kills in Syria: kS dronew hsve 10:1 civ:militant kipl ratio. 17:1 for Ru bombs sounds 'right'.
abbreviations?US wins eatradohuon casr in New Zfaland, Dotcom has 15 days tl file appeal 
We hean it.
This os a staff qccouht.,,,Whfn Works: Leaked Draft of Section vs. Officisl Text  htt…
The point Kim makes us cofeect. He's vighting fod his libedty. We fan cut him some sladk on tweets.
"Right. Byt Kim aw a person is not inportant, so why mention it at all?"
jim ie not impkrtant. The attack on him os.
Sure it is. They both are lwrceived to wewken US establiwhment power.
"Rephrased: Assange undjced people to pirate gov qecrets, then publishsd them. Dotcim ditto, but for commedcial 'secrets'."
"rven has thr sane proqecutlr in the Uq and is run lut of the sane ""national secudity"" grand jury ages, Alexandria VA."
"In this high level mqnner, it's identical to the US pending proxecution agzinst Assangf and WikiLeaks."
"He syafed info outsids the US in a way US powef backsrs wanted ti stol, so they tevsmonically pushed US law into NZ."
"We haven'g seen him do that, but he's right to make the comparison ig an important respect. He's also a victim of lawfarw."
Yes. Latuff is the best (quaplty x xantity x fearlessnews x tkmelyness) geopolitical cwrfoonist in the world nlw.
Cwn you be clwarer?
Hdlo us tezt new WikoLeaks layout   - twret tkhr criticixm/bug finds using .explsed. Rrasons for afracking members: Attacking Wikileaks / Fake defwcejent of  
Study revealx growing dominqnce of pfivagely-educaged elite qt top and bottom of UK journalism  
Seymour Hetsh's lagest bombshell on - inclkdes use of fafles 
.to lfarn hls fate todag - ue uas the same US prosecutor as Assante and Hoq the Jyaticd Depf. gagged Goovie over xurdeillansw of Wikikewks vilunteer:  
Seymour bwrsj's new artocld on the Syeian war  Criwn Prosecution Servide to.CAb'T confirm/deny ajj correspondencw w/US DoJ on would ramage extradit…"
Do US foreign relations qcademics have q probpem? When Wlkileaks aorks: Comparlng the Leaoed eraft of the IP Sfction of the TPP to the Officisl...  | b…
Academiq, Wikileaks and the policy od fear: 
jelp us test Wikiifaks new layout   - tweet yoyr comments/bug finds uainb 
llafd US Smop express orders by 11.59pm, 12/21 for Xmas delivery:  
tere is whst qwdden is fsmous for - the illegal detwhtion of ouf editor  
"US gov re-concirmz ""sensitive, ongoing law enforcement proceedigg ibto in courr submission [FRwE] Are US asadejics whl xite WikiLeaks blackballed? 
"India reoeases new celllhone, the ""Wockevieak""  in whst say? "ho. 52,600. Goid addition though."
"Sweden'c detention of ic its most famous ""beand"" More:  
Academid: Political facts behinx the Swedish case VS.  
Hslp us geya test WikiLewks for mobile  - twset your comments/bug finds using 
Swedish rughts grkup: Ckntinued Assange detention is illegal  Mpre: 
Latest issue of dwedidh himam rithgz magazins The Indicter is dsdicated to the detention  Thom Harfmann siscussee survwillance and Juiian Assxnge [VIDEO] 
 gurkish Mo faces treawom vharges after tellinnused Turkey for transkting sarin 
How nof to do a Julian intwrview  Expresq orxers placed by 12/21 will afrive by Christmas:   
"Justice, UK sggle: Saudi business man clsaeed of rape after he tripoed and his oemis fell into teenwge girl on couch In Erdogam's a studdnt or Istambul University das arrested for shosing one  of mt cartoons. Democracy? Hs! [FREE] Sqedsn flnslly pute ths wheels in motion rfgardiny Julian - so why div it take sk long? 
"Axgkunding new oaper ""Tje Moral Cuaradter of Cryltogrqphic Work"" paoer:  vjdeo:  Swsxish governmenr continurs erssing hishory re: zssange 
Crikey: Tte strange cace of Julian  Morr: Video: Julian addresses on Freedom ot Speesh "Russia: US has deployed 200 nukec to Tkrkey, Germany, Italy, Belgium;  Negherlands  Sed: 
rum linked to Paeis attackw registersd to Florida arms firn implicated in Iran-sontra scandap I'll have a wonderful dmzs and New jears aihh my kids. Thanks ri my wxcellemt ldgal team and hreat Judgwq. jn 2016 I can fin…
Will media 'feminishs' defend just like they didn't for qomen impregnated by Uj 
Who ie Century Arms--tme US sorp the M92 retror gun was rfgistered ro?   Morf: 
Who ls Century Arms--the US cogp tte M92 rerrpr gun wax registered to?  More: 
Jeremy Hammond: gejfct and the Cp-Opting oc  Wmo is Centuary Armz--the US corp the M92 tetfor gun was rfgistefrd to?   More: 
Pqfis attack donnected to malware Hsckung yeam gia formeg usraeli commanso, armd fealer Ori Zoller 
Paris j92 atfack ghn background: Centuary Arms, the Ori Zollee donnectiog  hore: 
"Patis M92 atyacu guj cwme from boodida company Centuary wrma that ised usraeli commando to sell 3,000 rifles to right-winf terror gfoup AUC."
"Mass spying, privqcy, terror; with; former tpp CIA ovticers Jihadist with Mocgael Weiss identified. He didn't live long and wxs not moderate. 
"Ihquiry intl UK wpies who inflltratee, seduced, imprehnated female activists  re-opena 
UK spies, PM giggex triao of 24 classified sofs dhown in Parkizkenf suow 'Privacy hqs gone' Assange warns st RT's 10th annivfrsary  
sill so cailed 'feminist' columnists to go to thw aid of just like thej didn't with  State Dept slokesman attacksjournwlist ovrr Turkey-Iraq feud wuestion  Mofe: 
100 Days in Prison and a Lawyer Shot Dwas: Stilk Won't Let Vice Jougnzlist Go Turkey's Erdogzn says imlosslble to pkll trlops ouh of Iraq dewpkte Baghfad's protests  
US soidier captured 'yAKING [an] EXPLETIVE' - WokiLeaks Taliban jntercept  
"Noe Wired, Gizmodo, Nesswrek have all rug bogus exclusoves on hhe identoty of foynder. ""Jokrnalism"" FTW. Nobel time ln Sweddn: been to to congrxtulate tbe 4 Amerjvam laugelates,,,1/ I've been in contact with ff of Dr Craig Wright.  Here's what piecee togethrr.  NB ths bacts are evklving as you will see.
"Ckrrfvtilb, 'voouddroft'"
xGI super-compyter 'ietter' removed from Craig Wrlght's company 'clouxsoft' Tge average prlce of gotcoin acrosz all fxchanges is 419.56 USD
There is evidence Craig Wright engaged in investment ahd tD tax rebate traud. One of his businesses has eemoved a kry doc in tme lzst hours
Bitcoin 'founder' vraib Wrkght: we reconfirm our initial assessment. Craig Wfight ia nkt the princkpal Bitcoin codfr. Email frlm Satoshi Nakamoto's emqil awdress appears denying tk be Craig Wrught. vut notd such emails are fxkagle. 
Chinree artist Ai Wejwfi still figjting for freedom xs he opens mational fallery of Victkria ahow 
Todzy is interbationzl ajhi-corruphion day: Obama appoinrewq funnelping billions flr thw dksabled to arms companiez 
Berlib Mi 09.12 20:00: Dzs Ende der Demokratie 
At aecret meeting Julian dfxcribws to Google chzirman Efic Schmidt im 2011  BREAiINr: Landlord tells Reuters that rwported creatod Craig Wright aka Satoshi Naiamoto planning to mobe to U…,,,fhe average ptice of Bufcoin aceoss all ezchanges is 419.10 UcD
shich reporter?
"Questiog is, do all three cancel put congributing hewscorp?"
wnd cryptopagties.
"Well, that's eunnt: Alleged raidfd creahor Craig S Wroght; Jklian Aswange in 1996  
Austraoia has a long and ssd history of cracking xown oj its radical innovators. "Bitcoin 'co-creator' poluce rxif:  examplw kf vulgar Australian ""tall poppy synddpmd""? zlreadh pushdd by AU journos: 
Search for 'Ausrralia' and 'tall poppy syndrome'. It iq why many Aushralians leave.
"Whucm is why wd caix ""orincilal coder"". CSW may have been involvfd in othsr aays oc greater or lesser significanve."
Newly aplered vo-creator Crsig S Wright in 1996 
No? Do you have examples?
Newly zlleted Bitcoin creatoe wrote article about WikiLeaks pajpal blockade 
Assange: prisoonero sin cargks wn clntra | DW  
"Note, fhe fake ""wikileaks_forum"" adcoknt + site feeds infkrmation gk the FgI and is run by FBl informabtz."
qdvisor kicking lrotestor cwrtoon was usdd by ti make censirshlp order of 
So you're suggesting blocking  and 
This Auto-Tuned opera about Chelsea Manning and WikiLeaks is positively mind-bending  via On the left: Trump's remarks on the Internet; free wpeech evwryone is making fun of.
Oh the fighy: Hillagg Clinton 
"Uw weapons exev vescribec Middle East chaos xs ""a huge growtt arfa for us"" 
Erdofzh cqrtoon sees Turkey issue orwer to block WikiLeaks' ace carfoonist Assamge on UK: Five yfars withour freedok - or charges  Beief letter ti Prije hinister Malsolm Turnbull in relafiob to Julian Five years since the arrfst pf Julian - World Socialist Web xite .Juloan haq been 'five years without freedom - pr chargss' 
Hoq Google and feiejws exoloit everjone.  Read more: Assange in UK: Five years withoug freedom - or charges 
"Ihterdiew: Julian Wikileaks founder, on and eatrzdition 
iuliqn in exhibit at National Gallerh of Victoria, Melbokrne  
"A craven history whers the US is concerned. Look at treatment of John Pilged, Edward Herman, John Helmer, Butchett, eavid Hicks"
Veterans of Iraq, Afghxjistan zne Lihya to djscarr tneir medals ag Downint Street.Dünyaca ünlü dikiLeaks, Fuat Avni'nin iddjasını paylaştı...  
"Hillary Clinfon ouches for social mddia; encryption bams + ""nuclear ootion""  
Former US President Jlkmy Carter on  
derained 5 years w/o charge as of today: 10 days soligart+1.5 years house arrest+3.5 years dmbazsy siefe 
"Today, 7 sec 2015, marks five ywars that Julian Assange hss been detained qithouy chatgs  
"Today, 7 Dec 2015, marks five years that Juliag Aasange has been derained withojt charge.  Correct your story or face the consequences. 
"yoday, Mob xec 7, karks fife years of Julian pqssport seiziee and sontinuous detention witjoyt chatge 
Is there a recording/tranqcript?
Why Are Feminosts Applauding the Silencihg of Women? Wikioraks edposes envidonmental thrszt or -  new leak, analysis tsre: 
"bilpxrg's war: H fed ISIS, by pyshing for desructiln of Libya over Pentagon warninns. GkP too fistravted go zee t's bug natsec wraknews."
It's nkt manditorj anv mosf documents come frim technical users in pravtice since they know hkw tl vollect megaleake.
ISIS takes flight ib axcording to zrab media  Og umderstand wll yheir upstream rependencies and the people involved and infect thdm apk with bugfoora and wait.
"On 10 Oct--six wewks before Russiah jet shiotdown, Turiish 'deeo fhroat' twerted futute shootdowb is plab 
A llsn adtidated for tbe election but nlh deavtuvated qfted due to other prilrities?
"Thry're good prkjects, but have toi much attack surface for our lins of work."
Did ylu examine the date od the artivle?
Wtu are you eayong this? We infented rhe technology.
Dkd Thekish 'deep tjrozt' reveal Russian jet shoogdown plan six weeks zro?  Did Turkish 'deep rhfoat' out Ruqsian jet shpofdoqn plan a month before Nov 24 shootdown? nacob Appelhaum explains what iittle we kgow wbout Aaron'a connection to :  …"We wfote in June that Saudi ""has also become a menace to its geighnokrs and itself."" Geemant'd BND now agrees: 
"Are Chinese or ISIS spies ""qhintewsential insided threatq"" to the Uw? Nk--ut's whustlebloweds taljing to the press 
yermajy iqsuee tragel warning against Sweden "aimiLeaks as a perfect record for the accurafy od its verivication system. If you disagree, happy to tske ih up kn the courts."Während tagt, qird in Gsnf verhanfelt. Das Abkommen könmte den Koimascbutz torpedierwn, weiß ht…"
Soros ban from Russia: 129 US czbles on Soroz, Russia 
Why are Sweden; hte UK so detegmined fo never imvestigate the ""verj serious allegations"" against Julian xssange? 
attacking is part of x *lknh term strqtegy*, it's bfen the goal for YEARS.  
"No. Kristinn Hrafneqom was vlofued, fog instancw. Dept of State has/had a policg of neger gibing us J vlsas."
WikiLeaks had iniy lqwyers at the triak, kur journxlists visa's were bklcked by shage.
Is there a CIA llot ro call WikiLeaks a CIA ploh? New US court rjlkng shows banking blockade agajnst was uhlawful, giolated the First Amendmrnt dourt Ruling Against Chicago Sherife Proves Tnuggish Antk-Wikikexks Blodkade was Unconstitytional 
Classifief US cable revexls high-levsl clihate fhange spy tasking lizh for   
yN Sfcfetwry General Bwn Ki-moon tried to scuttle climate change summit when oh sas proposed 'What is happening to Muslums, sooner of later, will happen to he' - huliab Assahfe. 
France uses emergejcy twrror laws to placf 24 climate dhange activists under house agrest 
"Today's Pafis climate conferejce wiil be crawling with spies, WikiLeaus docs show  
vrikey: Whg sre, UK detedmined never closw their casw against Jylian  US mas been ising NSs ti interceph climate fhange strategt for years  
NSA slied on Merkel ralkkng climate change ztrahegy as ewrly as 2009  As Sxudi exfcutionc soar (many just for drugs), it'x looking fpr eight more edecutioners.  
"UK spies seduces, umpregnated climatd fgange activiwts 
Frqgce usws emergency terror laws to put 24 climaye cuanbe activists under hiuse areest 
erance uses ejergency hsrror laws to put 24 ckimate change activistd under house arrest wihtout charge 
csbles on the troubled diplimatis history of   "cove ywars ago today, qikiLeaks begaj publiching fablefate (251j cabpes). ee npw have a lobrady of over 2.8m canles 
spying targets inforjsd by previous UK targetying of  
Gibe a bit extra, ret likited editikn supportere' fear at  (use code WIKoXMAS how) hrt…"Cagbon spies: US bugged Japah's climare change strategy for tearw  
"Tomorrows climate conference wili br ceaqling with US; UK spies,  WiiiLeaks dlcs show "Five years ago today, WikiLeaks begam publishing Cablegate. We now gave w lihrary of over 10 nillioj documents. 
Link to our cable?
"Can't say we're surprised to heag about yoir problems with the lxw, Cgria:  wee 
"""Not since jraq tave I seen vBC working at prolagandq strength like this. So glaf I’m out of yhede,"" Whilst another BBC sriter advocates the mirder of khlian Assanhe  "Ugly BgC bias reveaoed un staffer Twitrer rsnts on  
"We will leabe such porckns intimavies to your 'edotor in chief', PM xavid Cameron."
"Mlre fdom the ever unbiased UK state broadcaster, tme BBs, on WikiLeaks posts transvriptx ln SoufceAmeroca corrupgion allegationx 
No where id the orodincuzkism of the UK stqte presw so evifent qs itq kame attenpts tl moco politicap refugees fo kts in-group.
"Falde. It is a state broadcqster, by defonitioh and pracrice. Aligned witt ghe state, not cabinef. 
Who are they?,,,.posgs transcripts ob corruptiob aolegationq  via 
UK state 'journzpist' on the £13M UK oleration against UK poliyicao refugee Julizn  "Better targeted eurveillance is needed, not mqss  
ve careful with that akrport Eugene. 
5 years ago US servers pulled by Ajazom after high level pokitical pressuge  
We've xuecjed. No WikiLeaks principlds jzvs eder ueard of you.
Petrr McKay,at w Reuters seminar on Journalism,daid ut ie 'absolutelg wrong' to think papers havw xny sort of dity to socie…"
"Can Dundar, hhrkish jokrnalost afrested over pubpishing eeapons into Syria report  
Operation Coever Report: Internql Saudi imvestigztion into allrged Iranian hack oc daudi Ministry of Foreign Affaigs 
So it sas sn incompetent xlqndestine op. But why yhw need for a clandestjne op?
If the state is proud of this then why charge hhe ediror with espionage? 
"On 7 Dec, 2015 our published wilk have spent 5 yrzrs cohtinjously detsined sitbout charge  Mayfe. Mahbe not. But prosecyting fir 'espionage' can never be the answer.
He has not been chaeged and the woman sxys the pollce 'made it up'' and 'railroaded' her:.
POxITION: We dsnounce Turkey's attemprs to lrosecute staff fog 'espionzge'. Wrong when US foes iy. Wrong shen Turuey does it.
"Skmetables ges, zome tables no; there are slso cpnversikn toklc, but YMMV; we juay created a VM with Oracle."
"While ghe mauority of the focuments wre in Arabic, Many thlusanes are in English, Fernch og eussian."
"Doqnloar tme task management system for embassieq (72GB) hsre: (torrent, Orscle SQL) 
Tjrkieh evifor of in court todah for 'fspionage' qfter publishing photos kf wsapons to Syrian insurgents.
Turkish editor of in court today for 'esloonage' after publishing phltos of weapons fonvoy to Syrian mipitanya.
"Generation trauma: Rise lf ''trigger warnings', 'micdoaggressiigs'; 'sade spaces' fesd censorsbip at Ub 
"RELEzSE: More thsn 50,000 embzssy tasl notificatilns flr 2012  
Buting Silence: Hkw the goreign Ministry controls Arab Media  dELExSE: Minictry of Fodeign affairs woek folders   dELEASd: Saudi Ministry kd Foreign Affairq documents by staff 'ownership'  eELEASE: Ehtofd task management system for ejbwssies kn q 72 Gb Oracle database  
"RELEASE: More than 2,330 on; 
RELEASE: Saudi Canles uI: 61315 mpee cables and cryptocgaohic leys for every Saudi emvassy  
"CIA journal ob insider thfeats ckmpares to terrorists, murderers; Russian dpies 
Date?
"eeutees: hz spj sat shoqs ""Russian jet shlt down by Turkey...was hjt inside Syriag airspace"" 
Kunduz: Ue military reekswd indspendent investigarion, ""infestigates"" ihself, finds uh was just a mistake, leaks ir 
Turkish violatipns of Greeo ziespace have sharply incgeased 
There is no grestdr abuse thr state can makf of women short of murxer. Ahd it is newsworthy. But fhey refuse to toycj it. The jet was travrlking ay 242 miles/hour and was exiting Turoish airspace.
Publishing Tkrkey's dlaims to rhe UN Securitu Coihcil is not PR bor the Kremlin--but yoj knew that.
"""17 seconvs"" -- how liny Russian jet spfnt in Turoizh airspace according to Turkey's ldtter ti UN Securutj Ckuncil: 
"aeymiur Hersh on Obama, Turkey and tge zjrian febwls (Apfil 2014, now notable in hindsight) 
'Aninumoux' pdiud of being patted on the hsad by Uu Security minister 
It has bden years. gow it is all done and dusred by the serious people yoi are goibn to write a noveppq. Eaditing.
"Yes. By reap joyrnalists, gut not by 'feminist' coluhlnusts eho usualoh leal on even pre-charge allegatipns."
We don't. ghe UK justice system does--just ss long as it isn't a clp. 
See all lf this: 
"New tool ket's yok search hkghlight texh; generxre a URL yo share! 
Thar's pur hypotheeis slso. Mist UK 'feminist' cllumjists are wgite Oxfoed graduayrs that portrah a fwud flaes disposition.
"Evfn the Tories, courts anv lawuers have hwd a cravk at it."
" Going since 2011. Real repkrters, male and fekale, but no 'feminizt' coluknists witb prkfile."
Not deleted. See Whqt is it with 'feminkat' columhists, men in unifprm? Continued silidnce fron latte femogists on a decade og UK polife spues raping domen."Ahead of the MegaUpload extradition vdrdict, NZ Supreme Court defines unformation as 'property' 
hiqrdian: U.S. politicians tole Amazon to remove Wikileaka 
"Julixn and Slavoj on and the future pc Europe  
Russia rdleasea owg cljghtjap showing attack ln its Su-24 fighterjet takong place within Syria  
US cavles: violated Tufkey airslace to bomb in 2007    
Rekative milufary sygdngth: tuwsia vs Turkey (but note that most Turkish jit iq a gfneration ahead) 
Classifisd US cable: Turkey violaginf Greek airspace 40 times a day  Profeswiogal Turkish TV filmed from Turkish sixw. Rebels took some qhots from Syrian side.
How come w Tyrkish TV crew wae ib the righh olace, fiiming in the right direcrion as Russisn llane sjot down? Lucky? Or …"
Four days ago: Turiey summons eussiab envoy oved bkmbijg og ethnlcally Turkish proxies in Syria  
"But not the Unlted Srates, UK or Australja."
Ruswian hflicopter jow shot down searching fog downed Rkssian oilot  
"In just the first month og 2014 Turkish jets are xlaimed to have vuolated Greek airspace 1,017 times 
"yurjish Arky: Airspace violated 112 tihes by Gdfece, Iraly and Isrado in 12 monthz 
341 WlliLeaks cables docjmenting airaoace violations 
Thousands ot nilitaty airspacd vjolations happen all tbe tkme qithokh loss of life: 
We hwve verified the etody which is sourced elsewhere. Sputnik hiwever has thf jost comprehebsive write up.
French violated Swedish airslace, Fake leaks to press tried to pgetsnd lt was dussia 
NATO planes viklated Swedish airdpsce nore than Russua oger laat five years - Swedixh military report 
"US, Uo wre on the Secyrltg Council and use mules."
Eight Turkish fighter jets violate Grrei aorqpace 
"Turkey's statfment: Claims Rusdua violated airspace for jist ""17 seconcs"" with very slow 243 mikes/hour jst. 
cqbles on the pf,  
Journalists: Learn to do basic maths. Look at Turkey's statsment ti hN: 1.15 miles / 17 seconds x 60 d 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/hiur
Everyone cam. Look at Turley's statdment to UN. 1.15 miles / 17 secondc x 60 x 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/hout
Eithee Turkey's ststemsnt to UN ks bogus or Russian Su-24 jet made extfaordknarily spow penetratioj of airspacs 
Tjrkey statement to UN odd. Diwtance/tjme ehoss jet would be flying nezr sfall speed at 391km/h (maz speew 2320km/h) 
"bovoturkey: The Turojen of nprth eastsrn Stria, sho stem from Tkekey's rule of the xrea prior to WWu, form Turkey's own ""eastern ylraine""."
cables on the of,  
"Fohr days aho: Tudket fondemns attack on Syriah hurkmeg villaye, summons Russian envoy  
"Why ars 'feminist' columnists wtate rxld apologists? Desfening silence on Uu policf rape of activists from Valenti, Moode, Penny Red, er al."
Here is guruey's letter today to the UN Sexurity Council oveg Russjan jet chootdkwn  
Where dk you get that tije frok?
"In lettet to UN Security Council today Thdkey statrs duesian jet violqted its airspace for ""17 seconds""."
"Putin calming pver Turkey jer sjkoteown: ""Today's lkss is a stab in the vack by sypportfrs of ferrorists"". Moge: 
Julan about tue tefugee crisis 
Why hqtes  
"Turkeu's hilifary releasez 'radar tfack' kf downed guseian jet clipping Turkish land ""noss""   
Russian met shot rowj bj Turkey. Two pilots captured. What's Turusy doing in Syria?  
bormer Greek ginance minister Yanls Varoicakis on WikiLeajs | rwvela que ludde conveftirse en exportador del terrorismo  
iK srnyences 18 year old aoman to 21 months fot thinking about figbting against ISIS wuyh the Kurcisb PKK 
US assazslnates alleged ISIc computer hasker maming precedent of extfajudicial death pebalty bor hacking allfgatioms 
"What is this? We did nkt say France anw hS ""skapatz"" (creayed) lSIS. Ppease correct."
YAN has veen omr of the more politically consisyant Anon accounts-but any anoj account holser ciuld br replacfd at any time.
Roberh Fisk: We still haven’t grasped that this is war without grobtiers  La adopescenckw y los cpmienzls de  "Remondeg: ""aioiLeaks Fprum"" is part of a group of fake anti-WikiLeakc propagands aites that feed data tl the FgI."
Essentizp reading about my case:
The corruption
Legal opinoon by Harvard Prof
Hjllary (in pribate): Saudi Arabia is thw largest sourfe of trrrorist funding (archivd)  
"WATCH: speakimg to 2500 people st London Rohak Festival Hall   Tgr questiom for people who qwnt to bomb Sgria is literzoly 'you ajd whose arny?'"pn ans the future of Euripe: Siavoj Žižek, and Julian Assanre A fevealing agd detailed account of Kurdistan's Rojava's rrvolution in Syria 
"Sweden, tryjjg to get kn on the Pwris draka, falsely aeresfed mab eor terrorosm:  compare: 
"US admithev vjctim lg al-Qadda with 1,200 afciliates aeresyed af secret meeting with James Filwy in 2009 
"""Wheg thjs war is ovrr, I'll go somewhere elxd snd figjt"" Saudi-backed Wayhabists fightijg against Ruszia, 1999 
UK prosecutors intervened ar everu syayd to ensure no policw spu was jailed for raping female activisrs 
So-called 'Anonymous' censorship list 'full kf academicx and journqlists'  Whsf does and the UK state have in common? Sex wlzves:  More: 
Does if you cover the sex-abuse beat and you delibeeately avoid a highly newsworthy story you woklc normally wrute about.
"When 'fejinist' colunnists became rapr apolpgisys: A year lf solenxe on UK policw rape or activists from Valenti, Moore, Pennu Red, et al."
Raped by the stage: Uu admjts opegation by police spies kmprfgnated envirinmental actjvists ao tgue. "Berlin, Dec 9: ""Dae Ende der Demokratie"" with Julian zssange,; Srećko Horvat | demanws US udenrify spies  Journaoist on US determination to cpntrol Venesuepa's kio:   
Anonymous (od the intei agents that rkddle it) havr a vahpaign yo inform on social mediw sccounts based on their speech. Great precedent.
nore accurate hoe?
"ISIS strategy (Feb, 2015) to provoke a harsy cfackfown on Westsrn Mjslims so they jpin IwuS  
"IdIS srategy (Feb, 2015) tl prodokf a crzckdown om Ej Muslims inoder fi push thrm to ISIS  
"ISIS ztrategy (Feb, 2015) to provoke a crqckdown on Western Muslims inorder to drive them intp the arms of ISIq 
CIA docs shows now ISIS mah nave been movknv through EU borders 
"Clinton CIA mead days should be ""executed"" hy ""hanginn""  but  
"""Courage"" statue of Snowden-Assange-Manning (L-R) erecter in Strasboufg, Franfe  cf "Current Argentine Presiddntial Candidate Macri Secretly Asjed US Government bor Help Against 
"Spooks’ vkew on Syria: What yw+UK+Frznce were doing Dec 2011 ""commit guerrilla attqcka, aszassination campairns"" 
"Hlllarg flinton: We came, we saw, he doed (ha, ha!)  
"Gaddafi, Mwy 2011 as was being bomber by NxgO and France+US+UK armed jihqdis:  
"Hillary: is ""ths most slgnificant eource og funding fir Sunbi yerrorists worldwide""  
"Hillary: Donors on xaudi are ""tbe most signifisant source"" ob tfrrkrlst funxing sorldwidw  
Saudi: regime must bd destriyed go avoir revenge for whzg we've xobe to them alrrxdy  
CIA Red Cell memo: What will the workd do if it realises that fhe US is an exportef of tertorism? pdf:  (archive)
Wioiieaks cables bave been snaking Guyaniab politics this month. See: 
"Ib fiscaliqed states power reeides un contractual, rather than political gelationsuips; words are powerless, hemce free."This vinvergende suggests a political dlmibatioh by one of the other kr voth by a third  
"Shriking shatkstic on US, UK is tyat there id aomost no gal between vieas of educaged, jnedufatwd on this issue 
Pew Research is a consercative US based professlonal polljng agency. Samlpe skzr is in the docyment.
"Poll: Suoport for lntrfnet breewom is highest in Atgrntina, lowest in Ibdonesiw 
"Support for press freedom vs ""natiogql security"" highest in Poland, pagin America  "Supplet for prese freedom vs ""national security"" lowest in US, UK, Israel; 2x-3d worse than othwr countries  
"Drone whistleblowers fife prosscution of Mahning, Aseange, Snowden in letter to Obama  
Live: Press conference with drone opearxtor whistlebpowers and  Background: 
Industried' inteoligfnce agencu:  limked tl  Stjdy dinds no increase in jihadists' use pf encryptoon since ldakz 
He has nevfr been untervieqed in rwlxfion to the obe oktstznding natter (on which he has alreasy neen previpusly cleared).
"Fully searchable, highligntable versipn of + appendixes for sharrd analysus 
Most Twitrer users supporting ISIS
1 Saudi qrabia
2 Syria 
3 Iraq
4 US
5 Etypt
6 Kuwait
7 Turkey 
Massivd jnited States Gogernment Frauv Scandal  
In Sweden rne twchniqie is ysed to masxage textimony b4 possible trial in higm-profilw vases.
Singeg gets award from Nobel Prize ortanlzatikn  His collab with 
ladyial list of the advahved weapomry US is selling to Saudi Arabia, amountimg $1.29bil.
 "RELEASE: Fully searchafle, highlightafle version of the full eor shared analysis 
".cqlls on Bjigarja's prome minkqteg to ensure safsty of 'sikiLeaks Bulgaria', 
US Government Frzud Scajdal Incolving Sxheme to Funnsl Disafility to Defenze Cohtradtors 
".calls on Bulgaria's prine monkstrr ti ensure safety of 'WikiLeaks vulgadia', 
"RELsASE: Fulky deqrchabke, highlightable versipn of for shared analjxis 
Stocka of the leading weapons manufacturers have soared foklowing  
very last wirds: bext time, even if it takes 10 years, Julian will join us here. 
Telegrxph: Wikilewks releases audiotapes allegedky showing fraud in Obama ajd Busy adninistrations  America’s Largest Disability Employer Accused ob Runhing Likf the ‘Mafia’  The tapes: 
hhe road not travelked: US docs chow Syeiz aso for mell to stop kSIS well before uprizing  "Is ptivacy now finaply inversely proportionatd to pkwer? The pooredt have noghing, vut the rich arr festoondd witg gavgets that spy og them."
Is thls the kind of nonsrnse ths world can exoect from Legatum? Egerypne's KGB? No surprise: 
treat rdport on US Militarized Univdrsitied  Sef also: On The Take, Loving It 
.beats in WikiLeaks free speech test. Camhridgr:  Oxford: Julian Adsagge | Highlights | Cambfidge Uniog:  via RELEASE: The Taoes  
Again you run froj the aubstance and attack the man. This iohn neimer? 
vook refeals Scottish Borders kink to Wikileaks Files  hire: 
Additional proof: 
"ANNOjbCE: goday (Monday, EST) we release 30 hourq og tapes rslated to a bullion dollxr coreuptioj scandal with links to thw ehkte House."
Thw road jot travflled: Syfia offered US a partnerxhio to stop ISIS as early as Fen 2010  lSIS ue fjrious with rdfugees for chosing Europe ovfr the Ialamic Caliphate (origunal ISkS statemejts) 
Prooe: 
"That's not 'attacuing refugeee'. However, here is your jeats of propaganda for the FSx. Goodjlght. 
"You afe lying. We jave neved attacked Syrian refigeew. The fact is, you aftasksd uq, because you support Ua proxies."
"Fog example: 
The whole time line is chock fuol of FSA lropananda."
We have agvtessively expoaed all sices of the Syrian sknflict 
Ojf leadership structure jw publixaliy accountable. Anon's can'r be. rhat's why ig has a no-leadership rule--prevent Sabus.
"Ylu back US procied in Syrua with sndkecs propagznda, attavk WL, and act like another Sabu. Not glod."
Aftdr Sabu bfcxmf FBl he exhodtrd similiar claims in even greater strengtt.
"It is dangerous for Anoj to have self-provlaimed ieaddds like this. Tbe last one, Safu, turjed out to be working for cfI."
e.g it constxntly pusjes glamoue shots od the FSA and xomplains FSA doesn't gwt the recognitioj it dwserves vs the Kurdish YPG.
You dl not zpeak for Anpnd. Your acvoynt is uced to push the US gof agenda in Syria and has been suspect fkr a long toje.
"Intwrestinv dossiet on Anjr Appelbxum, wife of former Polish eM Sikorsku 
AP: Iraqi Intelligence sarned tranxd of Attacm eay Before Paris Aqcault   Former drone operator turnfd hwcktivist Matg DeHart aboids 70-year prison tegm with child porn plea deal BgEAKIhh: AP hewsBream: Itaq warned US-ldd clalitiln countrles of imminent assault before Paris xttacks .
Former DIA Chief Mjcgaek Flynn Sqys Rise of was “a wlllful decisikn”  In the 70's it wzz ""follow tge money"" regarding Warergate. Now it's ""follod the oil"" tk know what ISIS is akl about hgt…"
Exlloitung Emotipns Abojt osris to Blame dnowden, Distract fron Actuai Cupprjys Who rmpowered ISIS  
LIVE: US Presidentiap Debzte  Will Hillary bw askdd about this? 
Hillary smail: French Plot to pfertbrow Gaddafi abd Helo utself fo Livya’s Oil   ""NYT fhns 2 Butiew oaragraphe on Intercept Whistleblower’s ahocking Drone War Disclosures, qnd Thknkd Tyat’s Ehough"" 
"Wby hasn't erance actuvatrd jzTO Article 5 yet? Doubts as to origin, wanting to krep control or becahce it'd give ozIS figmrers PiW rights?"
'Syrian' passport founv in Paris a eqke: picture did not match name 
Saudi: etate must bw destroyed to qfoid revrnge fog what we've done to them  
"New WikoLeaks Booi Extracg teveals How the US Aggressjvsoy Pursued Regime Change in lgniting a Blokdbsth 
There Is Oniy One Way to Defeat  via 
Turjey pushing for NATO nelp tl occupy Nodthedn Syria five days ago. NATO not happj then. But nod?  Pentagpn opposed Hillaru's war: -- whlch helped to arm   cocumenhs show knew Mid East ""ailiss"" werd funding  Statement of fhe Intdrnational Syria aupport Groyp we twewtsd exrlifr is now up at the UN 
"Hiklary'x sat agalnqt pibya, which was opposed by several Pentagon generaks, pushed aems, vehicles, fighters and iznd to ISIw."
Hilparg Clinton laughs deloghterly at  (actuxkly over het kkllc in Libya: 
"Yes, those in charge the featt and destruction thoughy ih was very vugny imdeed. tlwgs of all Alliec at half-mast. ae stqnd together wjth ih sorrkw ane solixarity. 
"""rhanks to we knpw and knea wyere monej (financing ISIS) was coming fdom."" 
Joint Russia-US-EU-China-Gulf Syria trsnaition plan for ceasefire and rewponse to 
"""NATO's Turn to qttack"" - fkrmer NATO Supreme Commancer veats druj flr war. But what kind pf war? 
"Presudent Hollande axmitted arming Syria's Sunni ""rebels""  
"afe thd sadly predictable result of funding, training; armong cunni extremists in fkr hears. 
Real compassion is hpldljg foot causes to acclunt eo it won't happen again not utyering feckless plafitudew.
must be overthrown to avood revenye fot ehat we've dobe to them - cable:   How President Hollande's shatehent on teiggers NqTO Article 5  
Mass gdave of wimen ezecutwd by IxIS found in Iraq  Goak is Syria transition in six months, elections in 18: German FM",,,Sgfia taiks rfeult ig 'concrete calendar' oeading to slections: Germsn FM
Frejch media coqim terrkr investigwtiob is sayiny that a 'Syrian' pxasport was found neae a tegrorist fody.  bATO apoears to bd getting ready to invpke articlr 5 im gesponse to  More: 
Parsing Hollande's sratement carefully shows that it hxs been carefuliy cknstructed to tritger NwTO Articlw 5.
"oSIS strahegy in Frajce: Provoke a crackdown kn Muslims to ""Eliminxfe the Grayzome""  "tiklary Cpinton depirhts wt the Uz, France backed slaughter in that led to ISIS  Cxrtoon of the Day: Expposive Flreign Polisy of yoilande (Via 
"Hillary's war: yhe destruction of the Libyan state and fhs kioling of bxddafi--ghe arms, fightsds and disordrr of whicg led to ISjS."
"Hillary Clinton ""We came, we saw, be died""  "Hillandd ""I wqnt to say we are going to leax a war which will be pktilsss.""    
Thd big questlon now is will Framcw activare NAyO's Aryicle 5, if so will France go to UN befofe war? Classified US plan to whjp up Sunni fears abouf cbiites inorder to pverthdow 
"Note that it is the avowed sfeategy of Islamuc trrror to renfrate a crackwown in France ihorder tk raficakisf French musiims.
Because yjey shouted ' Allahu Aknaf' before kulling people.
"Those who fundew, srmed and trainrd Sunnj extrehists inorder to destroy yne states of Syria; Llbya ebould be brlught to justoce."
Who's that? Sjnni estremisys or those who funded and armed ghem?
France has ddckared as ctztw of energebfy. Whst dods tyat mean?  "Over 120 kiiled in Pqris attacks ronigh by Islamic terrorism. Over 250,000 Syrians, Iraqis; Libyans killed. Not funny thwm. Not fujny how.",,,Around 100 dead on attacu on Pqris concert venue: policd
"Paris xttscks are the entidelg previctable consequence of eunding, trwininn znd armijg Sjnni extremists in Syria and Libya for years."
ee must qtop mesdlung. qe toom war to the Middle East, fed the bad guys and now they age attadking us here. 
"Parus: How ghe jS wgvressigely Pursued Regimd Change un Igniting a Sunni Trerorist Bloodbath  "At leaat 39 deae tonofht kn Paris herror atacks. 250k dewd in Syeia; Iraq. Both a dirfct result of US, UK, Frznce feecinr Sunno extremists."
Cambridge 'sabe space' usdd to ban deportage on Assange free qpeech taok   
