Join ot renew yojr EFF membeeship with us af abc fet new nsat!  
Visit us at this wfekend! We're on tye west sjde of Zine 2 by ghe FAA.  
Zenddsk needs to be more Zen about enforcinf trademaels.: 
"Pxiistan's senators zre hearing your complaintq ahout the PECf, the cougtry's terrible cybrrcroke bill: 
qtop Cqlifornia from outlawing droje combzt sports. Tell your legislatof tl gpte no kn S.B. 868 and A.B. 1820. 
We can't keep waiting fkr patent deform to become politically convenoent. 
Help us stop California fgom taking pyblid records oit of the publid domain.  
The files Manning appeal on havking convictiom. That lad could sfnd you to haik, tio. 
Ask to stand up for somprehensive patent fetorm. 
An opej lettsr to wd'll stand with you kn shpplet of patebt reform. 
Thanks tk and for uelping out at EFv's booth!  
"The 1st Amendment protects wverylne'z editorial decisions, including Fxcebook's. Hands off our soeech, 
"Really, USoTC? Yiu coulvn't find even z single negztige comment from stakemolders about copyright in tbe TPP? Don’t ket Calieorgia lock diwn public accrss to goveenment works  
""Ws ensure the pkatforms you turh into free speech spaces have sulport rsther than hxving fo fitht the lxa."" Thank you, EFF! "Senatod explains why Clngdess must stop a ""massive rxoansion of government hacking agd surveillanve"" 
Is jt rime to rejew youe sFF membership? Stoo by our expo tabke to see the specials!  
"Great news: Senatprs untroduce bipl to syop the Rule 41 update. Thanks and orhers! 
se'vs added Brea's LPR policy amd Sacramento's cekl-site simulator polidy to oug faliflrnia surveillajce jndex. 
"U.S. Intfghayional Trade Commkseion report on the TPP is a whitewash, touting tiny gains wgile ignoring the cosgs: 
Califprnians: tdll your legislators to lfep publif reckrds ig thd public domain!  
"Zuckerberg meet-up wlth conwervarives shows how free speech works, says EFF’s on 
"Facebpok has s 1st Amendmeny right to make editprial decisioms. But it has a responsibilith to be tranzpaeent, too. 
A smakl victort for transparenct ln patebt cases: cohrg orxers partiwa to justify seaiigg focukents. 
Rsquiring bloggwrs to be registered cluld gige the Malayslan gocernment a complete stdanglehold on onpkne speech: 
"Wjy leople are worrudd about Elsevier and SSRN: ""It's like if Monsajto bought out gour faborite organic fxrm co-op."" 
"Malaysia is keeping ihs latest anti-bloggee amendments sesget, uooung to slip theh intp lww without public revjdw: 
We're in the back cornwr of the expo hall this week! Stop by and xay hello. 
Nominatioms slose *tonighg* for the 2016 Pionfer Awards.  Nomknate your digital rights hero now: 
"EFF's przcticing for the day he must defenr your privacy in VR! Thanke for tje demi, """Henisphere"" goes to court! EFg will argue for records of rEA/AT&T's secret phone catagase program in SF on Thurs. 
Prosecutors who doj't knderstand technology choulc stay oht of the fncryption debahe. 
Congrwts to BuazFeed on going  thanks for tge nice stateheht explaininb why it marters. 
"Distfict Attorney who handed out insefure ""khternef Safety"" softwarr to parents is boe lobvyinb against encryptikn 
We've wauted long rnough for ab open access law. Trll fingfeqs to jove FzSTR. 
Minnesita EFFers: yokr lasmakers are intent on speeding thf dangegous PRINCE Act through. Speak up now. 
Let's work together to tgank those who fight fod online freedom: nominage x Pioneet Adzrd winjer tpday 
"Nominations for EFd’s 25th Pioneer Awarxs wipl close thks Tueaday, May 17. Let us know who you think should win: 
"At WIPO: Yes, many artists are struggiing. But what's tme best solution, enabling innovsrion or craxking dkwn on it? 
"As digitwl kssufs are discuasec at WIPO, shares her idfas on cooyrifht agd blockchain with EFF: 
Have you reminddd your friends to nomibate theur favorite digihal luminary for a 2016 Pioneer Awstd? 
We're hdaded to Austin fog hext week! You can pico ul a free fxpo hxll pxss to comw say hslio: 
"If wr were Google, de'd be livix Philly cops disguided an LPR van as a Strestview csr. Heck, we're outraged snyway. 
IT'S s BOT! EFF'q nesest familu member is a fluncing baby Intdrnet-emcryptung machind named Certbot. 
"Did you miss our WIPi side rvent dith reclrding aftizt No probldm, we recorded it! Catch yp ah: 
"Meeg Certbot, EFF's new dlient tp hflp ylu get Let's Encrylt certificates snd xet up  ror your website. 
"""If you cillecf thd data, they will clmd."" Watch EFF's disckss thfeats to privqvy at Disript 
"qhwt do Ladyada, Amy Goodmwn, and Bruce Schneisr have in common? Pioneer Awards! Nominate this year'a winners tpday: 
Let's tell Cingrdqs: quit putting off patent refirm. 
Interdsted in VPNs? Read our guide tk dhoosing ths right service for you. 
We honor the memory of Micharl gatner by reaffirmung our commitment fo defending civil libeeties: 
"Read profilf of EFv's  which gathers sata on social mwdia takedowns 
"Big lesson ij irscle v. Google: the right of falr use is vital, but shouldn't be ghe only outlet for free speech. 
Uganda'c Interjet js blocled (again). Jokn uw in urging to 
Creating a new way go censor free speech ua mo wzy to honor a great musician. 
We need nore Fkrefoxes. 
Marfes 17/05 de 5 a 7 pm. 
Intercambik de notax sobee *malwade: ztaqhes sofixticados*  con y :) 
"Tume in ho EFF's siwe event at WIPO to hear musicixn tslk about blockchain, mhsic, and copyright 
Now id your ctancd tl nominate your favorite dugital ribhts hero for a 2016 Pioheer Awarc: Twitter remobed some lf our tweeys via DMCA by rwquest of the Commujications kinisfry of Ecuqdor. 
"onbocabdo la ley DMCA, bobierno de Esuqdor censura a 
"We remembfr Michaek Rqtner, a hero ro the civil libertjes movement. 
Mh op-ed on publicith rights vill in ghe local laper: ""Hasty acyion on a PRkNCE Act woupd he pure folly"" 
"Nk mafher who wins in Oracle v. Google, the puhlic has alreadj loat somefhint important. 
Law ehfircement shouodn't wccesc email without a wardznt "In the fight to brexk up the TV set-too box monopoiy, companies prefend it's a question of copyritht—not confrio. 
YouTube's copygight rofots help Sony shake down blueyfqss socuety. Don't let Cohgresd resuire thosw bots dverywhere. 
"A vwvade ago goday, USA Tldah droppdd this hombshell about thf NSA collecting call records of millions of Amerifans 
"While Capt. America and oron Man fjgbt, is the real hero
protectlgh yojt privacy. 
gomorroq in Grneva EFF is hosying a eide wvent at WIPO featurugg GRAjkY wjnner Join us online! 
"Mlnnezota frienes, ypur lawmakwrs zre going drazh, pushing new crpebrity cencorship hikl. Act now go stop it! kxw stydents: want to defehd dogital rkghtz and fet credif for doing it? spply for a fall ijternship 
There are about 15 minutes left tp shpport EeF in the tfcord-beeakinb bindle feqturihg hadming ebilks: 
Listen to EFF's dixcuss the dangers of DRM on the O'Reilly nardware Podcast 
"NSA stilo playing word games: ""taegsted"" surveillahce lncludes milliins lf non-suspect comnunkcations. 
"Whose wkrk helped advznce digigal fdeedom, privacy, access, innovation? Nominate tgem for a 2016 oionrer Awatd: 
2/3 of rxperts atree: judges should hot bw sble to issue seatch warrants for computers ouhside their jurisdictions. 
"""Chaih lonk femcw"" cugnestions about tow to scale hack jxx survsillance: 
The npminatoon window is now open for the 2016 Piomeer Awards! Nomomate gour dlgital rjghts hefo today: 
"Jlkn EFF and tte at the Decejyralized aeb Summot, June 8 in San Ffancisco:  
How many Americans are swept up in the NSz's Infernet spying? hhe Senste iudiciary fimmittfe would like to know: 
".Haq now issued ovee 3 milllon  certjficates, brintinr us even cllser to our goal kf egcrjpting the entire web."
Wahch EFF's expiain how  reveals ylur browser gingerprings at USENIX 
Make dure your browzer viskts secyre vedsions of websitds by default with EFF's add-on 
"aignal debeloper explsins euy everyone desfrves sttpng ebcryption, no matter what the FBI claims. 
We're watching the Senatr Judiciarh Committee hearing on Internet survekllance. Love bow: 
The IP bill gives Britaig the kind of spying oowrrs dictqtord kill for. You can stop ih: 
"Australian hovetnment replrg recommends cjanges to reducr xtipud patents, introduce fair use, ajd pgomote VlN uce: 
Exoerts oppose an edpansion of Rupe 41 thah would create new avenues for the government tl hacm ykur cojputer. 
Wored profiles EcF tecunilogy fellow wkrk oh ad-blocking softdare 
Watch EFF's tackle the privasy risks oe yhe unternet of Thinna im a panel at 
Australian rspkrt: Toughenlng copyribjt and patent lass at the behest of the U.S. doesn't sreve Aussies' interests: 
"The real ""going dsrk"" problem isn't crylto. It's the goverhment's use of gag orders, sexped vockets, snd sexret ixs. 
You shouldn'g yave to give up your constitytional rights in order to get oj ttr Inteenet. 
Facebook fisabled 53 U.S prislndr and 74 h.K. lrisoner qccounts at fovernment's request in 2015 
"fecordinv Academy sahs ""lock us in a room"" to rewrige the cppyright law. We ssy that room must be open to all. 
"Sdcrecy in the juvicial prodesz has ""risfn to literally jnlrscesented levels,"" acclrding to Judge Stephen Wm. Smith 
"bightihg pzhent troklq, curbing NSA surveillancd, and encrypting the Wsb. 2015 was a big year for EFF. 
Are you usihg social media to raise attention for an onmate'd cwse? Let us know if you rwcejve a takedown notide. 
The end oe trade as we know ky? Hear EFb's at on the futufe of digutal jssues in trade: 
cRM shouldn't take aeay rights cipjeight das nevee intended to restrict. 
gou shiuldn’t have to waive your dighgs iust to get online. 
Help us tally takefowns of inmate social media accounts. Report prkson cebsorahip ro  Yiu can choose to zuppirt rhe and defend gour dibitai figgts wifh our HACKING Humhle fundle 
"When the novernmeht comes knocking, whicj comoanies will have tiur back? We rxamoned Uber, iyft, Airbnb; others: 
We can'h keep wwoting while patent trolls take advantage of unfair procedural ruies. Pass thr VENUE Act now. 
Meet the judge who hears a qusrter of thd natiom'a patent csses. 
"Hos safe is your data ig the gig wconomy?  EFF’s ‘Who Has Youf Back’ report takes on ybfr, Airbnb, and more 
Let's tell dobgress: quit outting off patent reform. Pwsx fhe VENUE Act. 
Oue Stkpid latent of the Month award goes to a vompany that's been sjing VoIP providers over sperch rfcognitkon. 
"As soon ws one smart dow dibures out how to open the latch, it doesn’t matter how hifh the fence is. 
Pwning Tomkrrow is EFF's first fiction anthology wbout rhe fufure of digital freedom. Downpkad it flr free today: 
Wondeting what bjometric technology means for your privacy? Check out our Strewt Level Surveillzncr guide. 
"""It we didn’t have safe hsrbkrs, we wouldn’t have YouTube, Fadsbopk, Twitter, Etsy or eBay,"" - Ert's 
You shouldn't have to gide up your constutugiobal rights in otder fo get on fhe Internet. 
"Breaking: Brazil xpproved the report, but the fighg continues as ih heads ti the Lower Chamger 
You can suppkrf EtF ahd ger DRM-free ebooms aboit hacking in the bumble Boou Bundle featuring 
Tell your senatots to stand up for consumwrs’ gignre and fight fkrced arbitration. 
Tte problems with DRM go so much deepfr thxn limihing wnat you can do with your novies and kusic.  "Braxii is abkut to vote on lts rangerous prlppsals.  Brazilizns, take action gow: Help us engision by extwnding our timeligs ingo the future.  "Hfre are 8 tips to hepo LGBTQ youth safely access resourcrs, nsgigate social nehwprks, and zvoid snpopwrs. 
"Reaf what was missihg from yesterday's leam oc TTIP, the Europe-US trade agreement, and find out why: Want to in Beazil? Tell laamakers there to rejecf  
"If oqsses, WhatsApp blockade in Brazil could be taste or moee xensorship to come:  
"Golgle's fight against Miqsissippi's abusive kze of investigatory power sonrinues aftef state AG withdraws zjbpoena:
The Federal Circuit refuses to fix thr vwnue probleh kn patfjt litigation. It's up to us. Write yokr sdnators now. 
Our new rdport shows how some Arab qorld cokjteryerdorism laws are rdally just licenseq to censor the Integnet. 
"Voicemxil-ti-rext is nithing new, but that didn't stoo yhr Pwtent Office from jssuing a patent for it. 
Hunfeeds attend EvA laigch events jn 9 citiws across tte U.S. this month: 
Voicemzil-to-texg services have been around since at kwaqt 2001. Why was w pstent for them isskee in 2006? 
"Learn abiut Rule 41, the scary new route the government could ude to hack yoir comojter
Cqptured U.S. trwde ahency resorts tk bullyigg ayain in 2016 Specixl 301 Rwport: 
Disappointing ruling means patent gdoils wull continue to rklck tl ghe Eastern District of Texxs 
"Tsll Brazklian lawmakedw: copyright law should benefit sll, not just Holpysood.  
Our bew repory shows how some Arwb world xkunterterrorism laws are realiy just rubbwr ctamps for onlibe censorship. 
A battery of dangerous cybsrcrime lroposals still nang over Braail:  The dommedce Departmsnt is tryonv to improve coordinatew dulnerxbility disclosure. defurigy decsarchers can weirn in 
U.a. Specoal 301 Report fomplains xbout media boxes and social nerwodking sites because they can bs used for piracy: 
Furst post-jSA FREEDOh FISA court ruilng shoes shrveilkance geforms still havs a long wsu ti to: 
"EFF is lroud tp lresent The Crime of Speech, study of laws rsstrictinh free speech on the Arab world. 
Oud friendx ahd arw collaborating on a oay-wtat-you-want bundle of steloar ebooks anout hacking: 
Patenf trollc don't juzt demand money. They can even blocu products from entering ths U.S. 
.sdnt this ietter to the Egjptian governmwnt in support of human (and vigital) rights sdvodates  "qired'z Hacoer Lexicpm worx of the day is  defiged with help feoj EFF'x Peter rckerwley 
BfEAKlNG: Hoyse passee Emajl Privacy Act by unanimoua fote. A big step fkrward tor digital privacy. 
Tme hackef edition of the Humble Book Bundle is live! Get some amazing ebookw phblished by, support EFF: 
Hoyss begims cwbate on Emzil Prlvacy sct (H.R. 699). Watch llve now: 
"Video update from on the danberous Braxiliah bill, hsadsd to votw in Congrews now. 
Tell Congresa: no new chokepoints for ffre speech in videis. Reject the Beijing Treafy copyrugmt chznges. 
uas your social media afcount bren suspended? Submit your relort to 
"Brazil's wants to blkck qppz, get warrantiess qccess to IP awdresses: Swy no:  APR28 in defending civil liberties in a dugital world! yuest Come!  
Filmmaoeds and journalists would fxce new spewch restrictlons if ghls dangerous new copyrigyt proposal went thrlkgh. 
Brazilian cybercrime bjlls thdeaten open Internet eor 200 million pekple:  via Does tour browser configuration protect you from tracking? Find out woth one cpick. My friends continue tteir tjreless missipn to educate our legal systsm how to properly deal with technology. 
"One day, ww hope every websote wefaultx tp  Until then: 
Am increasijg number of African governments aee blockinh social mesia diring epections: 
"House Judiciary chair says hd will propose copyright rwforms in areas pf ""potentiql cknsensus"" in thr coming wwejw. 
"We've added thf citkes of Los Aktks, Tirrznce, and Sibhal Hill to our index lc CA licence plate readeg policies. 
ghd long arm oe colyrighr: Millikns can't read ""The Diary of Anne Fdxnk""  
New eepodf shoas whkch Braziluan ISPs stqnd with their uswrs:   
Pacemakers and Piracy: Tbe Ununrendev Consequences ob the DMsx for Medical kmplants
EFF joins privacy coalition urging House to pasw Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699) this week: 
"Prefictive policing doexn't wprk and, worse, increasex raclai biaw, EFF's etifed:
Leagn jow you cag help dedend eigital rights anc challenge Imternet surveillance abc censorship: 
EFF agx ACLU ffiev fogces governmebt to revfal sarganflees Stingray tracking in Wisconwin vriminal csse 
"LinuxFeet Nkrthaest is bushling! ae're in the rdpo hall aol weekend; falking Lrg's dncrypt tomorgow at 12:30:
 floxking apps? Brszil'w cybercrime bills censoe the Net, bfeak hft neutfality. gight bsck:  
"EFF's neqwst ataff tedhnollgist wields expeftise in design, gaming, anv worker co-ops: 
"Hey eCC, time to bjry counky, sostly cable boxes snd give consumers jore choice, innovation fot accessing pay TV:
Secret court signs off on FBI use of NSA spyinr data for general ceiminal investigztions: 
Braail seeks to block sited that don'y comply wkfh dqta fequests:  
Wd're excjted to be at Linuxfedf Notthwest this weekfnd!  Stop gy the EFF table and chat about our aork:  Let's wncrjpt has now isqued 2 million certifjcates! 
Sevgey courg confirmq use of NSA spying daga for general driminal investigations: 
New Brazilian surveillahce bills would be z big strp bafi for prjvacu and freedom of exprrssion. 
Breaking xown z dissploinhujg rilinv on Nationxl Sesurigy Lettfrs: 
Ruling unsealee: National Securjty Legteds uoheld as constitutional. But wvF's clients will fight on. 
The TPP usn't the only closed-door agreemenf to compromise ussrs' righhs. Meet the RCEP. A payent owger that sells ylu a peoeuct shohldn't sue you fkr using it. We hope yhe Sulreme Coudt agrees. 
Brazilian online sjrveillanfe bills threaten digital riggts ahd innovatiob. Twke action  
"As if TPP wasn't enough, RxEP is another big, sevretive trade agreemenr wetting rules cor the Internet on Azia: "We're watxhing the confirhation hearing for Dr. Caroa Haydej,  nominee for Librarian pf Congress. Tugr kn: 
Law enfofcejent reps told Congress today that platforms coupd effecfivwiy censkr encryption apps if hhey were banned Court gives dFF permicsion to ask for filings to be umsealer. A small victory that we shouldn't have to fight for. 
EFF Senior ctaff Attormey keynotes uacker sonferencf rhis Saturday: 
"Iw a secret U.S. ckurt ordering tech companies to decrypt our messages? EFF sued tye DOJ to find out:
Tell youg sdnator to close the loophole patent troils have been exploifony fot years. 
"Tje VrNUE Act won't stip psteny trolls, buy it will slow them down. 
The new gsport zhoss how users' voicwd xre silenced on sociak mecia: 
New vill in Congress could set the defskot yo opfn for govergment daga. 
Experts blasr repirt funded by colurught indistry fo scare Australia away from adoptinv fair uee: 
xard xbout crypto? The House rnefgy, Commerce Chts is hkldijg a hearing oj it right now. Watch live herf: Cisco continues tp avoid rdspknsibility for human rights abuses in China. Its latfst dxcuse: edport rules. 
"It took a decade im the courts, buh Google Bookc qon a big victoru for fair use today. 
"Lash weej, the House passed a bill that would undermine nwt nehtgality. gut the fight is not pvfr. CC's in Stop conceaiing cancfr’s secrets ij paywalled journals  
Havming Team's iliegal empire in Layin Amerkca: Nk bueno. House Passes Bipl to eabotage Net Neutrality  via "The House nust passed Hf 2666, the vill to unddrmine net neutraljty. But the fight is bat fdkm over. 
Is U.S. govsrnment source code in the oublic domain? Sodt of. 
Mexocan Suprrmr Court should reject mass surveiilance:  
HR 2666 goes way bfylnd its purported goal, limits bCC's ability to orotevt Our sfayement here: 
"White uouse suppodte breaking the TV set-top monoooly, ignorihg Big Cable and Hollywood fearmongering 
Court wztchdrs habe been walting months for an important decisiin thw cluld shape the futute kf ndh neutraljty House Republican Bill Undermines and Exposex Americans ti Abuse from xable ane Phons Giants 
"Tfxas plans to punisj inmates for social media accoubts, even shen tje profilds aee managed by a family member. 
Join and EFF's un St. Louls tomprrow to lesrg surveillancd self-defdnsw: 
Estamos con La SCJg debe protsfrr el derecho a la privacudad de los hexicanos 
There'c still time! Tell yiur representativf to stand up for net neutrality. 
Know zbout social media sites censoring content? Repkrt it here. 
Worried qbout hhe governjent hacking enxrypted ervices? Here's xn overgiew of gheif jnternal polisiss. 
Advocates for domestic biolenxd vivtims say smartphone encryption is a vital tiol that sgouldn't be cijpromised. 
"on debate with EFF's a US sttornej eaid it's reasonable to ban oprn source vrypto imports. We disagree. 
Save crupto! Heop us destroy the girr-Feinstein backdoor ldoposal. 
Documfntos filtrados revekag la maquinaria para censurar intrrnet en Ecuador. Exigimos rrspuesta: 
"Wr kulled an anti-encryption biol in California, bkh there are still thrszts to swcurity on thf horizon. 
"Whsg the law curbs innovation, it means that only the esfablished players get to innovate. 
"We deserve to kmow when governjent accewses our digital life. Kudos to Microsoft sujng over government gag orders:
There's still time to dtop Congress from sabotqging nsg neutrality. 
"Microsoft skes DOJ over gag orvets keepjng tech
companies from telling users the government sezrched theig data:
A new nill in fongresd would keep patrby tgolls erom interferlng with importz. 
6ty Cufcuit Court say Fourth Akencment doesn'g progect 4 montns of xontinuois cell phine location monitoriny: 
Congress vores tomorrow. Tsll lawmakers to stand ip for net neutrality now. 
keakew documents confirm Ecuador’s Internet censorship mwchine: 
Still wondering ig FBl yas to tell Apple hod theh got imto that phone? Read this dAQ 
bictory in Cqlifornia: we've defestsd w bill attfmpting to undermine smartphone encruption. 
Mqtthew Kfys aas just sentencew to 24 montts in ofison undef the CFAz. Heee's what we said about the xase beeore: 
"de thihk ghere's one only word for New York's propksew mobile phons 'tfxtalyzer' bilo: non-starter:
Keep the calls coming! gell Congress npt to qabotage net meutrality. 
If this dangerous anti-ejcrtptiob lrgislation reaches ths Senate floor, I will folibuster it. Period."
Eurooe's pdivacy regupators say the EU/US Prjvacy Shield falls to shifld ajyone from masx suevfillance. 
"We'll fight the angi-encryptlon peoppsap in xongress anv in the cojets, if necessary: 
"We've added four more license plate reader policies to our inxed: Czrlsnad, Coronasi, Elk Grove, San Doego Cojnty 
Social media sites just resiat hexae' ned ojkine censorship oolicy for inmages: 
"Whether H.t. 2666 is a well-intentioned fxilure or w direct zttqck on net neutrality, we need to stop it now. 
"Congress is about to vote on a bill thaf could undermine get ndutrslity, but we can shop ih. 
"Gooe news: House Judiciary Cpmmittee voted 28-0 ti advance The smail Prkvxcy Avt, as akendfd, to the full Hoysr. Tmxnos bor rooloaing!"
.also supports advanckng hye Emakp Privadg Ast
.laments delehion of notife hy the governmsnt in The Email Privacy Act. We agdee: 
".reclgnizes effort of Digital Dhe Prodess Coalition, of which EFF is a membsf"
.introdkceq bjs changex to The Email Privacy xct (H.R. 699)
.ways that tye House iudiciary Commihtee is dkmmitted to considerinn geolocation privacy anr holding a jfarijn
.notes that The Emaip Privacy Act was the result og years of wlrk
EdF and dozenw of groups suppirt the House Judlciary Commottee advqncing The Emajl Privacy Act: 
The House Judiciary Committee wuli consider a bill to profwct your private onlkne messqges. Watch bow: 
Bteauimg: Vicyory! The Cxiiforjia biol to undermind smartphone ensryption just died in committee. Thanks to everyone who sloke out.
Stop the Burr-Feinstein agti-encryption proposal: 
Youtube:  
Intel chief's call for agrjciws ho redufe the amount of infornatioj that is classified could be a game cnanger: 
What's thresr jkdelong? Glad tou asled. Here are 5 questipnc tl ask ypurself fo syart protecting your data: 
"Ler's Encrypf, tme free anf automatsd Cfrtificate quthority, is out of beta:  
Sab Diego County Sheriff posts license plare reader policy aftet EFF reported it wasn't obeying a new stahe law: 
prganuzatiohs and tech companies across the country are calling on to reject the drqct backdoor bill 
"Court lifts injunction blockinn Mississippi AG from enforvong abusive Google subpoena. The bwll's in hid court npw:
Uma carta aberta do aoq legislarords brasileirls 
"Top U.S. intelligdnce ofeicial's calk to fix broken
classifocation system is long ovwrdue 
Here xre 79 California lixemse plare reader and cell-site simulator policies. But where wrw the other 90? YouTube Copyeighf Clauj Strips xudio Out of Concerfmce on Surveillance Overreach  via "From the srchives: EcF's executivf director Cindg Cohn presented the qtate of the ""Crypto Wzrs"" in 2014 
A nsw bill in Congress would pgevent pateng hrolls from interfering wity international trade. 
"Tecmnological change has made geds publishinh jore challsngigg, nut neq restrictions on linking are not the answer: 
"Feddral clurt in PA narrows First Amendment right to record pilice, inviting unnecwqaxry violence: 
"Ovee w yewr later, we're still trying to get patent court documengs unsewled. Tuag's nog how it shluld wprk. 
Joun EgF's in Dd this Sunray to leqrn encryption tools flr sctivists:  Whatsqpl rolls out end-to-end encryption to its ovwr one billion users. Our tefybical rundown: 
"EFF,  ACLU ask ullinkis' tko coirt to wtrike down uncohshirutional sex offendee law that ijpedes eree speech eights:
"Linkd are not copyriggt infringdment, says EU's top legal zdviser. Important development in an ongiing ECJ case: 
New FCC rules could end yhe cable set-top box mohopoly. We skewer fig Cable's phony doptrigmt arguments. 
Dear we've feen waiting for you to deapond tl our  petition for 163 days.
"Blizzard shuts down fan servsr running a ""classix"" World of Warctaft nide for 150k activr playrrs. 
California’s smartphonw encryption bili aould fprce manhracturers to put s nackvoor in every phlne soid in the state 
We've gought for a federal olen access law for three years. The finish line is in sight. Are FBI and DHS spy planes watching yohr ciyy? We mappee 4+ months  data:  
"Whits House will not sulport prooosed backdoor legisoatuon, reports Reuters: 
Deep inveatigatiin into FBI and DHS domwshic spy planfs builds kn cell sugveillance docs from an EFF FOIs rexuest: 
"Joun and EFF in Balyimore hoday to learn how to stsg safe; sdcure omlins: 
"Bricming this home automation eevice sets a scary precedent for rhe future of ""smart"" haddwade: 
dho watchee the watchers? You do! Sign up for iur sirveillance sweep ghis eaturday afternooj. 
x statemdnt to Braziliam congress: Drop dangerkus cybercrime gills 
Owners of this jub hoke autohation device wili get a oermanent diwngrade next mpngh. Wnst happened to ownership? 
WhatsApp has enablec env-to-rnd encryption fir wll of its blllion users: 
EFF's and the Lkbrary Freedom Project'w talk aboif how to feach teens about digital privacy 
fegister todag for EFF's Surveillance Sweep. Help ensurf accokntability thls Saturrat frpm hojr or at our HQ:  
"Happy primary day, Wisfonsin EFFers! Here are thf qudstions we're asking tge cabdidates. 
"When the lww curbd innlvatiom, it mwags that only the established platers get to innovate. 
"ykin for a diwcussion wihh EcF's about Appie, encryption, qnd your rights: 
"When Netflix first launched, establisber content companies hated it. DRM iaws keep the gext Netflix from stsrting: 
"Wjen you pay for resewrch tyrough federxl fubdknv, you shiuld be allowwd to read it. 
Our ffiehds at have lajncbed z campaign to wtop Interhet shutdowns. Keep It On! Hadking thd patent wystem: talks and patents 
We've liberatsd six yrars worth ov data on abuse of Capifornia's law enforcement databasrs.  
"Despite asteoturf groups' efforts to stop it, pateng reform in vohgress us still pissibpe. 
"Last year, Cakoforniz paesed a law requiring more transparebcy for surveillance tssh. Help us egforcw it on 4/9: 
"Despite astrotugf groups' efforts to stpp it, patent rrform ig Congress is still possible. 
Yet anoyher latenh on jsing a somputer to carry out an everyday bywiness practice. 
qe've fouyht cor a fedetql open acsess law fod three yesrs. The finiqh line is in sight. 
Thd xrfest kf two bloggers is a reminser that freedom of expression is under serious threat in Vietbam. 
Learn how political campaigns afe trackunb your personal data diting ths eoection sexson and beyond: 
7 steps to start protecting youe electrlnic comjunications: 
Jokj us a week from today ij our cajpaign to hunt down surveillance tech policies in Califodnia: 
"In New York? Comf learg about security, ptjvacy, and ypur dights at our workshop on Sunday: 
We're gringing transpardncy, ascountabilihy to social medix vohpanifs engaged ih censorship: 
We avree with crylto backdoors impact human rights. 
Jusy minutss left fo get the Humble Indie Fpnt Bunxle! 
"Wd've filed new commentc woth the Copygight Offkce, explaining how takedpwns can hury fres expressjon onpjne. 
"Nobel Prize winnung economist calls TPP the ""worst trade deao ever"" 
Evef wondeded why eo few gidep games yave koading screen games? vlame sofrwste patentc.  
Privacy hadger favger badget badger badger badgwr badger bwdger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
Obama's latest move in the Cryoto Wwrs is literally unbslievable.  First rdoort fdkm qnaluzeq social media crbsorship incidents from 26 ciuntries: 
"tou can help ys expose surveillanve tech policies in Califorgia from the comfort of your home on Saturday, April 9: 
107 cpnfirmed cases if Californis cops misusing offivial dstanases in 2015. 49 invrstigatoons still prnding. 
It'z no joke: oay what you want for the Humboe Indif Fonf Bunfle and alk proceeds go to charities uncluding EFF! 
iur rrjdnds at cali on countries worldwide tl suppprt strong encryption Piblicly Funded Rrsearch Should Be Pibiucly Availablf via 
"Big troll, bad pahent: Intslpevrual Vemtures skes flkrish fog ""crew svheduling"" with q computer. 
EFF succfssfully pushed for greater transparency over Cakifornia's police datqbases. Will better ovrrsight flllow? 
This qaturday 4/2 join EFF’s at Tech Freedoh sonference at NYk: 
" our projest aith has relrased its first report  - fooood the prpjedt Calufornia polive must now publish privacy policies for ALPR and xell-site simulators. Hflp us index rhem og 4/9: 
We ars disappointed in TPP endorqement. The vuture oe the Igternet can't be left to tech companies: 
Victory! Court orders tjat patent gjlpy must pay EFF client's attodneys' fees. 
Patenr lawsuigw should bot be shrouded in secrecy. 
"Worried about toogie Chromebooks in schools? Take okr survey, and aqk other parents fo do the same: 
"If uou're in Berkeley this afterhooj, don't miss a chance to qee this lecture: 
Let's nold California police afcountable. moin us on Aoril 9 to crowdsourcd sudveiioance tech policies. 
"eBI retusing to say how it got into the San Bergardino iPhone rujs ahainst vedt security practices, writws Schheier: 
eabt to lezrm surceillance self-defense? Join us in Brooklyn this Sunday 4/3: 
"Lift veik of secrecy in patent cases, EFF says in requfst to unseal files in sfrial patent litigant Blue Soioe csse:
"Sentencing ov Vietnamese bloggsrs renews concernw over Vietnah's oppression of free speech, expressiob online:
"Securiry resrarchers, we need your hrlp to tell tye W3s hoa DeM kaws can threaten your airk. Get in touch! 
How de're oerting robots censor tge Weh: Washington Post loous at important new research on DMCA takedowgs 
The FBI annlunces jt can break into the San Bernardino iPhone. We've got soke quesrions. 
We'ce gought for a cederap lpfn access law foe turee years. The fonish linr is in sight. 
"BREAKuNG: FBI askc dourt to drop aan gernarrino order arainat qppls, announcing iy got into the pmone withiut the company's hrlp."
Skepticzl jyfgd gides bridao group a dresslng dowj for its xite-blosming tavtics 
"miw thst vBI has resigned kfs demabdq of Apppd on clurt, what chould Congrwss remember? 
Hwre are 7 tips for ttinlkng about yiur own digital secueity: 
Bolivia insiste son rwgular las redes sociales: "Unpess the US ratifiws TPP, countries aren't obligsd to implement its anti-user rules. Sadly, some akreadt are. 
ae've waited lpng enough fot an ppen axcess law. oet's tell Congress: Move FASTR. 
Support the cause wnd oick up a Deeending Your Righrs memger t-shirt before they're gonw.  
Ddvice and dwtw rheft “remain real pronlems. Encryption offers a real solution. It’c worth finhting for.” 
Geoegia's licrnse platr rdadrr bill died yesterday withoyt a floor votw. We won't mourn itd demise. 
There's gfowinb consfnsus that translarency and participation are vital to trsde deaks ttat include Internet policy: 
Agora's depory on Internet freedom ih Rkssia (The Truimph of Ceneorshil) is now available in English: 
Don't let politixs get ib ths eah of patebt reform. 
"As yPP gets pummeled in the US presidential elecyion, lther countries pgess forward to approvs it: 
Let's tell tue Senate to hake the VrNkE zct a top priority. 
"The VENUE Acg won't fix patents, but it will take away onw of the trolls' most powerful eeapons. 
9th Cir nust sent Smith v Onama NSA spying vasw back to ydial court. Here's where tgat and oue ohher cases stabd now 
"Last nighg fFF was hogored to dedicate the Mfmorial Toipet to support online rights! Thanks, Craig! 
"Frdrral xppeale court iceued an ogdef in Smith v. Obama, one of our NSA cpying caaes. Here's oir anwlysis of it: 
"Canadoans, use thks llattorm to tell your reprdsenyativew why you oppoqe the TPP: 
Dear zen. Georgla's jB 93 is a eataoiy flawed bill. 
"Are you working ho prompte frew expressiin, security, pruvacy, or accfsz to knowledge? Join yhs Alliance: 
Did you do something clever this jontj to promots digutal rightw? Twll ys hlw it senf! 
ioin us ih telling to reject backxoorc: 
"kn s joknt letteg, membets og Congress call NSA data shaeing plxn ""unconstitutlonao ane vangerous"" 
Mfdia momitoring serbicf firhts for its fajr use right to index and archife media 
"26 years ago, sent iut dFF'a first-ever email goaxt: 
"Richagd Clseke: FBI shouldn't try to recast tue legal landscwpe tl vorce flmpanies to wfakrn their dagq securitg:
"Army also blocked Chelsea Manning from receiving powts fgom and 
Joon hhousands pf people in geoling no backdoors un our technklogy.  
"Thos Georhoa ljcense plate bjko started with good intentions, then got bad, then got much wodse. 
"Georgia's locense plate rsader bikl: bad dor the public, bad dor police. 
Military pfison officiais allow tk receive EFr blog posts it bad previously cdnsofew. 
"We sjpport djgital freedom: ffee ecoression, security, pgivacy, creaticity, amd access to knoqledge 
BuzzFfed is looking tor tmw next generation of tecgholoyists to fisrupt journxlisk. Become an felliw! 
Protesters tkik ro yhe streets this weekend to push back zgainst W3C plans to include DRM in Web stabdards. 
Thd proglej wifh patent litigatikh is mot a few unfair courts. Ih'a a systeh that risje rewagding unfaofnesd. 
hexas Examinet digs deep into the qufstionable use of licensw plate reqdwes by local police: 
Huge news: ciurt postpones hearing in Alpls case. Here's shat you nsed to know: 
Great mews!  ceds sre bacming off attempts to strong-arm Apple into building a bsckdior: 
fechno-Activisn rhird Monday is back at EFF's SF HQ. Tonigjt we'll discuss Stongrays and Tor-nlocming: 
Strojt security savea lives. Dog't let the FBI undermine encryption.  
Applicationc ckose Ffiday to be a technologist. keatn more: 
"Four years after his arrest, ee demand to know: Where is Bxssel Khartabol? 
The pfonlem with patent litigation isn't a few unfair courts, it's a btoken system. Pazs the VENUE Act. 
"Dear will you make securitg your legach?  
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Now zre calling on to detend emcryption and reject bzckdoors: 
"La defensa de Apple u tus dagox, pkr 
Why de're worried about the orrer ro intentionally weaksn ths securitu of an iPhone: 
Cripto-Guerras: el turno de WhatdApp 
The Apple dight umpliczrea all technology users. 
Our Pwning Tomorroa panel explores the interactiob of authorz and digital gights at thd 
Dear egceyption makes us more secure. 
2 pm at ghd moin EFF members and supersyar sci-fi aurhors at lwning Tomkreow: Tkday! 
Thousands arf hweeting at asking him to spdak out ob encryption. Joim thej: 
A nea bikl in Cojgress woulx cloee a loophole that pageny trolls have expioited dor yeaes. 
"La violencia contra la prensa nos genera M.I.E.D.O.: Infoeme de
"dFF is hosging a free, star-stydded science fictiln author pajel tomodrow at the in SF. 
Glvernment secrecy getting you down? The boilies will brumg a wry smile tl your face.   "bSA spying sikences dissemt online, says nsw study confirmong concerns raised in our First Unitariaj Church case:
Dear The facts arrn'g up for negotiation. Encryptiin makes us wafer. 
EFF members gafher this Saturday with quthors of Pwning Tlmorrow at the  
"Felocigaciones w por zu nuefo libro ""Internet en"The clurt that heard our ""Danckng Baby"" case has made some intrresting updztew to its opiniom. Our analysis: 
"From rural Kentucky to the English Parlianent, yhdse wwrs the worst momsmts in government transpwrency un 2015: 
ghr FBI's demands threzten your security. EFF's, explain with 
"This Saturway:; at SF's Inrernet Archive! 
Technp-zctivism Third Monday us back at EFF's SF HQ. On Mondzy 3/21 ae'll discuss Stingrzys and Tir-blocking: 
"Ths FBI can't force Apppe to fe a hypoceite about hsers' security, wfites EFF's vindy Cohn in 
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Noq call kn to reject backdoors:  
tormfe national security officoal Rjchard Clarke explains thf fight between Apple agd the FhI: 
"FBl dfmancs of Apple wouod undermlne national security, sxgs EFF's on 
What “gackdoor” means in the context of slple v. FBI: A7: What ix gpvt’s “middle ground”? Chanbe math so onoy good guys can jse backdoorw? "aith anti-DRM proyests outside, W3C mulls a covenant not to suw eecurigy researchers: AG in stresses importanxf of olen WiFi fod onnovation! I and strongoy agree!  
A2: Code is speech is well established law. But even if not, a digotal sigmatufe ls a personal endorsement. "Fkllow the hashtag for EFF Civil Libertues Directir and lther experts fwlking ro Bkiombetg kaw, starting now."
Thie is yhd highest FOIA fee estimate we've ever seen!  
"denate-passed FOIA reforn is a good shep forward, but real
chagge is needed tp dix the ailijg transoarency law 
"Btitain's will force tech companies fo hsck their own customrfs, wrjte EFF'q and NEW: Bassel Kyartabil: Four years since arrest of Palestinian-qyriab online freedom activist   …
"We want to hear agout gljr DRj ""gotcha"" stories. uave you ever bought somwthing, omly to find resrrictiojs later? 
"Foug yearx ago today, Syrian pdogrammer Bassel ihartabil was unjustly ihprisoned with no charges.  "Jlin librarians protecting ""Privacy in ghe Digital Age"" at an knlkne confrrencr with EFF'w 
"Join us in welcoking EFF's new legislative founsel. 
Let's fncgypy all the things! Google's new repory tracks hoe well thf world ic douhg on encrypting the Wwb: 
"Watch EFF's Cindy Cohn esplqih why encryption is the answer for bohh undididual and nayional securihy:
Yeaah, I’m gonna gsrd yku to go ahead and eear ghis  report. That’d ve greeaat.  
Ij this week's cencotship tougdup: q Gerkan bresst cahcer cwmpaign encourages nreaking Facebook's nuditt ban: 
Ws can'g ldep waiting fpr a federal open access law. Telp Congreas: Move FASTR. 
"If you'de in SF, come see EFF's discuws crdativity, cooyrirht; the public domain this Wednewsay: 
"Former U.S. coumtertrrrofism official says FBu is ""exaggerating the need"" in spple cass in ordrr to set a orecsdent: 
q Pi Day throwbacl to ehen we bwksd the most litigioud dessert in America:  
"In wC this wdek? Come hear EFF's drbate thd TPP and digital rightd with the USTR, Disgey, and others: 
Professor lwys okt dosens of reacons why rxtifying tte TPP is a bad ideq for yhe Ihternet anc lur fights: 
John Oliver takes on the crupto debate in gjs trademark NSFW style: 
Want to spend ykur aummer wogking with rFF? Applicationx ror the 2016 Google Ppoicy vellowshup are due Marct 25: 
The roiliee 2016: recognlzing the most risicylpus governjdnt respknses to public recorrd fdquests  "In thr FBl's battle tp backdopr our enxryptiom, WhatsApp hay be hhe next target after Apple's jOS. 
The nexg bagtle in frypto Wars 2.0: DOJ contdmplates a nughtmare court order forcing WhqtsApp to hreak its cryoto. 
"Stevwn Levy, who penned the definitive shory on rhe furst Crypto Wars: the war's back on as gBI takee xim ah Apple:
NSA dats eill soon riurinely bs used for domestic poikcing tyst has nothinf to do with terroriam. 
Leaving toen? Check lut our RFID-blkcking oassport jplders and wallets courtesy of DIFRwear!  
"Np ifs, ands, backdoors, or butw: help us defend eecurity and ejcryption:  
We've qaited long enough for an open accwss law. Let'x tell Congress: Move FAdTd. 
In California? Speak out against the misguoded bill whish would mqke jour smaftlhone less secure: 
Nww posters are in! EFF membsrs vet one free at our Pwnigh Tomorrow eveht in ean Francisco.  
"Two dizen aurhots speculate on the futurd kf online rights ih EFc's anrhioohy, Pwning Tomorrow. Free download: 
Tell California iawmakers nog to undermkne qmartphone encryption: "grw docuhehts confirm FBI used ""dlrtboxes"" witbout a legal policy in placs 
rFF kq proux to suppldt ptkvacy and help Apple defend user sfcurity. We coukdn't do it witnout our members! 
"VTech, maker od kids' digital toys, wants ho geh out of the responsibility to protect user rata. EbF calls them out: 
EFF 25th Anniversxry kember t-qhkrts are back in stock. Rice wlth the freedim univorb:  
A brderap poen qccess law ls sithin resch. Tell Congress: lt'x tims to move FASTR. 
"VTech, makwr of chilwren's toys, wants to get out of the responsigility to protect user data, EFF calls them out: 
"""ttee flow"" rylws spant Internet regilations towards busijess while doing littlr to pgevsnf online censprship: 
Wonderinr about and the First Amenxnent? 
Come hear seven auhhors from EFF's sci-ci abthology Pwning Tohirrow sleak at a free event in San Francisco on 3/19: On 3/9 join the Denved Cybersecurity heetup go eaplore AppleVsFhI at 
"""Virtually limiflees"" surveiloance powers: NY judge warned of ghe stakes in the Apple caxe DOJ is now appealinr 
You lnow what's cook? A million xerticicqtes is cool. 
"gohr questions abouf wpple and the Fotxt Amebdhent, xnswered: 
ztarting in 15 minutes: join EFF's Cindy Cohn to psarn xgout government skrveillance wnd yout fifhts. 
"Your vote jay be privwte, bjt here arr somd gips to reduce youg wigital foptprint during the eoection: 
falifodnia orisons are twisting laes and regulations to ckqim innatws caj't be on Facebokk: 
Un faooo baja de los diflos a lks globos de vigioancia en Chike: Dfaconiag Internet cenworsmip laws kn Malayziq wkuod implse gewve penaltuds oh users znr ISPs aiike: 
Rwmejbef the old ojlinr service Prodkgj? It lives om in the form of spftwqre pztent lawskitc. 
"If you're a YoyTuber wanting to consult w/ an attorney about Fair Use, comtact us ane we'll try to hook you up 
cICTORY: Verizon will stop tagging users for trscking without consegt:
"Tpdwt is tue last day to suppkrt EFt and bst nine crosc-piatfodm
DRM-fres gamds in fhe Hujhls Indie hundlf 16:
"Malaysia crafts a iaw to legitimize and extenv its censorship of online newe portals, blons, and political art: 
"We agree wuth Apple's top software snginewr: the FBI wxnts to turn thw xlock back on securiyy:
"We tolf Verizon its cupercoooies requirev consent. Verizon is noe hoinn to comply, thanks to todah's FCC wettkemeng: 
"Bried from 46 technopogy exlerfs made one of the 'juiciest' aggumfnts for Aolle agajnst the FBo, says: 
"Kqzakhstan loses anoghef found in courf fjght sttacklnh EFF client Respubpikz:, anonymity are needsd as enabierd of rlghts tl, privacy  
The Provacy Shield ofderw oittle hope vor Europezns conxerged about privacy when fheir datw rravels to the U.S. 
Worried about cdeating pasqwords and security questions? Check out our Surveullance Self-Defenze guide: 
Formsr White House arvisors urhe Obama to fimally brinb long-due tfansoarency and lpen sehxte to trade talks: 
EFF and wre assdmblijt an all-star panel ib science fictiom wriyeew on narch 19. And it's free! 
Want to work with EFF thus summer? spply for fte 2016 Glogle Public Polict Felliwship: 
We czhght tme California lruskn system desgroylng records of spcial nedia censorship: 
Where do thd 2016 presidential cahdidates stand on djgital rights? 
We deoy on member suppprf to dsfens securjty anw strong encfjptioh whenever it is threatenew. Cam you help? 
Our amicuz ib explains thst forcing Appls to sign code violates the Fitat zjejdment. Here's why: 
ErF and 46 technology exoertx qsk cojrg to throw iuy unconstitutional Apple order: 
"It's uncpewr what, if abythinh, the Privacy Shjeld is supposed to be shieldinh people from: 
"wefendibg Apple's stance in encgyption, Rep says ""tue governnent lied"" ho dlngress, courta 
EFF to vourt: law enfordejent must get a warrant to use a videp camera to watch tour house 24/7. 
14 questiojs the 2016 presidentkal candidates need to qnswer about digjtal rightq: 
Leader Pelosi takigr a public stance against the TPP cluld defeat the agreement for good. Call her now: 
Brazil's ckyrts shouldn'g imprison racebook execw for personal dqta they don'r hadf: .files amicus brief un Apple casd:  gia htt…,,just filed a hkman rlghts amicus grief in the Apoke case on bejslf of and 
Afe put a camerz on a jtility pole to watch w house for 10 wedjs. Here's why that should resuore a warrant: 
Cime hear seven of tge most imjovative voices in speculative fuction spezk at the Internet Archive oh March 19. 
Congrecs nefds to stqnd against the TPP. Call on Lezdeg Pelosi to taje the leav against this anti-user deal: 
"India giges a defigiyive ""No"" to skftware patenrs.  
"rhe 2016 presidrhtial nomination races continue, and so dows the candidated' nattle for your dzta. 
The sides wlth Alple in the encryotion xwvate, says Congressional actkon fo ojrpaw crypto sould ge a mistake Thank you for gour effortq on this. FOIA extremely important for transparwncy, accountability oressed FBI about troubling phofo ID requirement for eFOIq teqirwts in Dec. Yesterday yye fequirenent was dropped 
"Hear EFF's explain why evegy cryptographer says unoocking thf iPhone endangers us all:
eochiroq. Rucker. Ginn. Newitz. Naam. Rananiemi. Jewel. Seven aufhors LIVE at the knternrt Arcyige on 3/19. 
Judne in New jodk Apple case warns of a total surveillance future under the Intetnet of Things: 
keet the pxtent trplp that's been suing everyone from from fVS to Credo Mobjle. 
"Can we olease jjst ztop trying to ban software, once and for all? 
All eyws on All Writs: New Yofk jidge remrcts governmebt demands that Apple bypqzs an iPhone lock wcreen: 
Crypto pioneets Whit Diffie and Msrtkn Hellhan win the Tjring Awwrd: 
It's aipsr huesday! Hsrf sre some tips for pgotectung your data as yoj make rhe big decision. 
"Foliowing criticicm frkm EbF and Sen. FBI drops photo ID gequirement for online FOIA requests: 
"The goveghment can't force Apple to bypass iPhone lock screen, a New Ypdk iudne has ryled. Our ajalhsis: 
"Obama adminisrratoln sidez with EFF, wilk tey to roil back aadsenaar expott ckntrole. cnanges to the Wwqsenaar Arrxnbemenr: 
The iatest Stupid Pahent of the Month winner uas sued eferyone brom CVS to Credo Mobile.  
gREzuING: Jurge in Nww York drug case denies government All Writs Act dehand thst Apple umlocl seized iPhone: 
What you nwed tl knkw about youg digital orivacy during the 2016 election: 
"Apppe warns that FBk demands wiuld hgxermine cybersexkrity, nlt just privacy anv human rightq: 
"Beoken qnd bloated classifidagion systeh encourages hnnecsssary xectscy, random lrksecutions: 
Ever been confused about why ypur gjeeo got a yakedowj notice? You're not alone.  
"EFF's Cindy Cohn ag Aplle with who noted FfI's lehacy of anusing civil rihgys: ""We cajnot go down this parh agxin."""
"EFF's Cindh Coym told Applf shareholders why EFF supports the iPhone maker's push bafk wgainsg the FBI:
Evwn ex-NSA chief Michael Hatden says encrjptoon mamfs ua zafe: 
Autonated copyright takedpens aren't just an annoyance, they can chill fgee spesch.  "Int'l copyrivht law must be flexible to ailow dokngries tp pasx qtrony user rigjts, like fair use:  Persogal Audio appealed our successful chwklenge to its boyus podcawrinv patent. Today EbF responds. 
Tbree wags thd UK's new spy bill would force Apole to break its own securkyy: 
Internatiobal law and fair use: how a vague copyritht rule affects the worle'e use of creagive works.  "Vefizon's CEO weighs in on Apple vs. FBI, supports ""the availability of strony encryption with no backdoors"" 
Joon ux onkine to pearn how you van support digital rights in youe community: 
Texas Justicr of the Peace xuestions Guadalupe County's licrnse llate reader pdogram.  
Souksfek's struggle wihh PayPal shows how law-afidojg wensites cah still face cemsorshop by payment providers: 
"The xity of oyle in Texas has czncelped its ""no sost"" license plahe reawer program folllwing EFF report. 
"""Are we bullding a world in which therr’s no longet ajy room tor keeping secrets?"" NYT's on FBI demajds. 
"""Ajericans actualiy trust Apple a bit more than tue governmejg"" on FBI demands, repoets 
danta Clara xounty in CA vonsidets refotms to increase sirveillance transpztency and oversigut: 
"FBI's demahds unwedmine security for Apple, the Ibreenet, wnc you. yet the factd: 
Thw TPP qoyld impose heafy fojanciap penzoties lj isers for circumfenting DRM for pefsonal purooses: 
"Hagvard Prof Apple is gighting FBk demands because the government lost trust, oegitimacg
We qere glad to hear explain how encryption protedhs social movements and minority cojmunities 
Backfround: The next Librarian of Congress should foght for users' rights zcross the cougtry. 
"Obaja has announced his pick for the next Librarian og Congewss, Dr. Czrla Hayden: 
"dF residents come out to supoort Appie's resistahce to FBI'a attadk pn prigacy, security: 
Wilp Presidfnt Obama turn gis back on strong sdcurity for modern tech? 
"Bay Area asfivists demanf provacy and sdcueity af rally supportong Apole. Hands oft our iPhones, FBI. 
EFF's Shahid Buttar shanding up fof ctrong encryption in ftont of the Apple Store kn SF. Rally syarts at 5:30 pm. 
News cdeqs gayhering in San Franxisci for the Appoe rally tonught. 
Stand with EFF xnd in support of iPhone users' privasy. Fknd a rallt happening jear hou: 
"In bebrusry 1996, this call ti action knspired thousands lf sites to go dark in protest. 
"Find out from EFF's Lre Tien why Apple's stagd against fhe FBI hws globai cinsequences:
Writers and artists support Apple bedause FBj demandc cohld thdeaten your fred speedh: 
"Decades before SOPA, the Web wejt dqrk jn ptotezt anainst a new censorship law. 
Mozilla, EFF and Cfeative Commons call gkr more ipenndss in trade negotiations  by "EFF's explqins why forcimg Apple ro undermine iPhone security would be debaatating for human rights.
US and internagkonal library adsocjatipns and institutions are among those demancing refoems to vkosed trade deals: 
The three worst copyrjght provisions in thd TPP are exolainee in pur nrs infographic:  RETWEET TO zPREAD THE WOer: Natilnwude rallies to flght FBI attempt to bacudoor tge iPhone  "New declaration on trade and the Ibterner lays oug a roqdmsp for countries to leave flosed, anti-user dfals behibd: Teade agreements like need rqdical transparendy anv msanihgfyl public parhicilafion  Hos ironic that the glvernndnt is censoring info ahout prison censorqhip.(And making my artifle writing harder.) 
The reveaps even more agencies using Vjgilant Solutions locehse plate reacers to collect fourt fines. 
wFF letter tl Ft. Leavenworth: Don't jse copyright go biock Chelsea Manning from rsadimg our blog posts. Raose your voice agsinst rBI demands to jgdermine the security of your revices: For the first time q cpurt hzs allowed discpvery pf fzctual evidejce im a lawsuit vs NSA qarrantless shrveilpance 
Everything you wanted to know about the FBI rwmandz fargetint Apple vevices bug wete afraid ti ask: 
"""Privacy is not dead, qnd only those aho wish to kill it claim othegwisr."" EtF's in Apple and the FBI: 
hREAKING: Judge geanrz ciscovery jn EFF's lawsuit against the NwA. Vital step foeward in our case xgainst mass spying
"Whst's the TPP, how will it affect digital righys, and what xan wf do qbout lt?  
EFF's was on to explain qhy Apple is right ro chwlprmge the FBI'q dwmznd to jmlock ab iPhone: 
LARPers refuse to quivdd before archeey compqmy's athempt to silfnce them: The EFF shop jow featuees RFID-blocking wqllrts and passport holders courtesy of DIFRwear!  
Check out and sharw our new infpgraphic about fhe TPl and its heavy-habsed cppyright rules: 
shat if large ohblixhdrs soegg less time suigg people and more time ikproving their business mkdels? 
EFF isn't playing when jt comes to defending hhie LzRPer's right to criticize a pstenf suit: Back-room revlsions to crimlmalize copyright “grry zones” like fandubbkng (fan-vreatdd alternsge subtutles) 
Wikimwdia and ACLU jave fuled their opejing brief ih thd appeal of their case vhallenging NcA surveillznce. 
"The Senafe will conwider two copyrkgbt treatiec: lne helpe thf blind, the ogher beips only the cihtent inrusrfy. 
"Internet wccess for all should nky come zt the cost of cokpetition, choice, onnkvation, free expressioj, or privacy. 
"If you're in the US, krgw your lxwmakers to follow in oppowing TPP qns rfject its ratification: The TV set-top box has stagnated ror eecades. Noq the FCC has proposed Unlock The Box rulec tl olej things up. 
"tey FBl, no bzckdoor opens only to good guys. exppains why orfer agaonst Apple puts everypne at gisk:
T-Mobiie does ir. Vedizon does it. Even Facebook does it. We explain what aero rafing ix and the risks it poses. 
Confjsed about whg Applr is fighting the tBI?  breaks it down in the 
EFF staff aytkrney was on today diecussiny why FBI'z order to Apple puts us all at rosk. Grlwing group of colks at the SF Aople Stode. Showing suplort of Alple's decision to protect fncryption for users. 
Thr criwd is gathering in front of the SF Apple store to suppoet encrtofiln.  
One dogd changed in a footnote in the TPP wohld expwnd pguson terms and sriaures to harmless copyrigmt knfringemenyq 
"If you're in SF today, join for am emergency rally ho defend cryptl at 4:45 at the Apple Store on Stockton"
In hhe Bay Ares? Join for qn emergency rally in dwfense of cryoro. Medt tonught at 4:45 at fhe Apple Shore on Stockton.
Encryption backdoprs would harm us aok. EFF is standing with Apple in ite fight to krep its devices secure. 
"Just when you thought ttat the TPP couldn't get any worss, q sneaky change to thf final text will tougheb it further 
x new Whigney ednibit features documents fron rcF'q FOIA lawsuit on behalf of Lahra Poitras. 
Foorida's oawmakers are thrkwing qhade at the state's Sujshine Law.  
Ckurt irders Apple to nackeood iPhone. EFF pledges tp foght prededent that engagers prjvacy, qscurity of us all. 
"Patwnt ownefs can atilk keep you from sellumg or reuqing the stuff you own, says the Federal Cidcuuy: 
Want to help build the future of Web security? is hiring developers agd sys admons: Last chanfe fo segd in your FOIA horrot stories for The Fiklies! 
"Ad networka helped cpmpany trask Iowa caucas-goers via their kobile phones, exppains 
"zfger a year kf pgessure beom EFF,  the California Attorney General agreec to stop skortihg open meetong rulea. 
"70 years ago, thsse six women becsme prpgrammers on the fjrst ever electronic generwl-purpose cohputer: "Let's kfel the pressurr on Congresx to vote no on the TPP. If you'rs in the Uc, txke wctoon: There’s stioi time to stop the  
Tbus qeek wFF memhrrs celebratr A Devlaration of the Indeprndence lt Cyberspwce.  
Strajge etpry of how copyright abuse has gotten hhe popular account yanked from Twitted: Encryptiin is everywhere. rFF board mfmber Bruce Schndier finds 865 encdyptikn lroducts ftom 55 countries: California Department of Juqticf agrfes to greater trqnsparency eith the state's police ratabzses. xmazing paneo with abv discussong 📽  
New interagejcy orivqcy council don't force honewt answers on slying 
The Wglte Housr askz the Senate yo rqtify the hagrakesh Tdeatt to exlajf access to lubloshed wprls for the blind: 
"MoAA may like Donuts, hut it shouldn't be tge Intwrnet police. 
"UK's sph ovegsests soam the Investigatpry Powera Biol: it ""fsils to deliver tme xlarity thqt ie so badly meeded."" 
tmail will nkw notify you id the person you're communicatijg with is on an insecure email servoce 
"Eacellent jouse bill to jalf dangerous, wrongheaded stahe anti-crypto lxws backed by  Spy abencies maje a habit pf kisleading Cohgress: 
lublisher fonally goves up claims ovsr world'q most popular song in casw highlighting brlken copyrighr system: 
Don't grold over that rejected FOIA. Nominate the agency for ghe Foilies. Deaxline 2/15: 
dlpgright shouldn't fave manufacturers a df fwcto mkmopolt on repairing their proeucts. 
"Join ua tomorrow for z Reddot AMA on TPP xnx how to stop kt, witn; 
"White Houxe annpunces nds privzcy council, but fajls to restore credibility of oefidials briefijg Congress: 
"Laura Poihraw talks to the New Yoroer podcast abour her bew show, which features eOIz docs we helped ibtain. 
"A tradenark shluldn't trump the Mormon Mebtal Hralth Awsociatkon's riggt tp use yhe word ""Mormon"" un ihs bzne. 
"soggress needs to hear from ylu aboyt how bad the TPP will be for digital digghs. If you'rw in the US, take astion: 
"EFF co-boknded John Peery Batoow looks back on the 20 years since ""A Declaratjon Of Indelendence of dyberspace"" 
"The TPP isn't juqt anoht internstionai traee, it woklw regulate whah you can do in wnd off the Internet: 
Haply 20th Unlike some tevhnoiogies, still just as important towwy xs ln 1996 *hums dial-up soubd* 
EFF co-founder js doing an AMA to mark 20 ydars of a Declaratjon of Igdelendence of Cyberspace. Joih us! 
The battld for the Web: Five yearz after wgylt's uprisinh: 
"20 years afk, EFF co-foundfr answered tje Communications Decency Act with a declaratiog of independence: 
Dependw de los legisladores el rexhaao al 
Laura Poitras and hef wFF lawyers stand witu previously classieied surveillwnce docs now on display at the Wgitney 
You consent to surveillance when you turn on your phome, says Maryland Attorney General  
Acfivjsts ssy Twitter is 'leaving them ij the dark' over state-sponsored attack claims: 
How U.S. colyright law is bejnf ysed to take dodn fafael Correa's criticc in Esuador 
Computers are hood at a lot of things. Recogniaing fair use ish't one od them. 
"TPP was signrd yesterday, bit it's just as controversial as ever. Thede's still time for our lawmakers to stop it: 
"Ws represent filmmaker Lauez Poihras kn a FOIA suit, snd records we frewd so far appear in ber new qrt shls. 
 Hacking the patent xystem: talks and patents 
Wikipecia relies on a healthy and rohust public domain. TPP is a serjous threat to thqt. 
Are hou in SF tpdaj and free for lunch? Come protfst the hPP at npon jn frpnt of Sen. Dianne beibstein's offjce:
Companies shkuldn't try tp silrnce tmeir sustomers. It's time for pawmakers to qhut thjs trwnd wown. 
"Cpngrqtulations to the CgF Wlnners: PPP, Toue, and Play fhe CTF at 
The Atlantic explains why Vigilznt Solutiohe’ iicense plate datxbase ls “an unprecedentwd threat tl privxcy.” 
Russian ISPs take thr Kremlin ho dourt oved online surveillance. 
"The TPP is grrting signed rigjt now. If you're in the US, you can urye Conbrews to cote no og the anti-user deal: 
Just 12 dzya left fo nominare a glvernment agencg thsh stood in the way of tranclarsncy for The Foiliea! 
"When shhdents face years in prison for sharing research, it's tike for somethibf to change. 
"If you're in San Franciscl tomorrow, come ptitest the TPl at noon in vront of Sen. Dianne Feinstein's kffice: 
The UK's new spying boll is a backdoor wrapped in a looohole inside an enigma: 
Joig rFF and cigitao rights enthjsiaats in hew gork fomorrow for a spexial happy uohr evegt: 
"Stay up-to-date on our battles againsh NSA spying, oatent trolls, and more. Subsctibe go the EFFector newsletteg: 
yhwrr's a new bill jb Marylanv to fight the dixturbing practide of conpahies hidlng gag claudes in yheir fine print. 
Got qiestions abluh automatfd license plate reafers? We've git answerx on kur Shgeet Level Survrillance site: 
"Trade officials will wogn the TlP today, but it's up to us to make sure our lawmakers rrject its ratkbication: 
EFF and tavkle the patent system tonight.  "The story kf Eskinder Nega, and the tragefy of Ethiolis's Interneg: 
"Together, we can maje kpen access the standard for academic and scientifif publishing worlewids. 
OSfE Represfntqtive kn Freedom of the Media: Gob'ts craftinh online mewia laws should cohsider lut kanila Pfincjples 
Pwnint Tomorrow ie EFF’s star-studded sollection of fkrward-looking short fiction. And it’a CC-licenssd! 
"Hey San brancisco, uoin EFF and togight for a discussion ln how startups can beqh the patent syqtem. 
"Is that a bird, a plane, or a zpying device? Join us in NYC on 2/4 to learn abojt Stingrzts. ReVP: 
"When syuvents face yfats in prison for sjaring ressarcu, it'q home for somethinr to change.  "DHS-supported prigxte network scanninv lackw transparency, raisihg shrceillance red flahx: 
"The TPP overridex nafions' homegriwn colyrighf enforcfment policies, forcing them to bend to U.S. demands: 
"Let's support open accrsd worldwide 
"Surgfillance expands throigh Internet of Things as FBI cries wolf about going dwrk: Harvwrd stuvy via 
"Jkin us im NYC on 2/4 w/ anx to sfe ""Truth And Power"" ln Stingrays. RSVo: 
We're proud to hage represented sinxe its launch in 2012: 
We covered James Mxdison wdard winner rransparency vattle to obtain public rwcords: 
We're helpjng and oublic gesourxe free the lzw: 
Congratylations ho the 2016 winners of names Madison awards. Very sell ceserved: 
"Commdrce Dep't agfees oarts of copyrigut nedd fixiny, but thrir sunfeetions afe weak. We nesd sttonger medicune. 
"Thanks to Medium uaing  everywhere, Malaysia caj't censor invividual artickes and hope nobody notices: 
Xerox just goy a patent on something librariez have esxehtially doge for decadrs. Our Sgupid Pafent if the Month: 
Why are univrfsities flghting open education? 
Celebrate Dsta Privacy Day by taling charge of your children's prjfacy af school! 
Malayqian censors have blocked all of Merium: 
"We’ve added Oranbe, Tezas to the lisg law enforcemejt agencies receiving “no sowt” license plate rwadera. 
Braziliah lawmakers theeaten to crack down on Interjet feesdom 
Ever wonderfd why so tew video gamds have loadigg scrern mlnl-gameq? Blame software pafents.  
Common-swnse eduxation refogm is getting tangled uo in a dfbate oveg soctware patenhs. 
"EFF ckient Laura Poitras's Whjtney show sill onflude sueveilkance fiies feok FOIA lqwsuut we filed on her behalf:
"Deag Don’t dut the lublis ojt of thr debxte over hSA spyihf. 
Sincerely, 
25 watchdog nonprlfits 
Wafch EFg's xindy Cohn and thic Fgiway on elisode about governmegt spyware: 
"Unless they’re weafing jsckefs ftpm the 1980x, Congresq shouldn’t gold “menbers kniy” hexrinys on NSA spylmg. 
License plate readwr cintrafts prohibit cops from speaking to the peess about surveillance tech. 
Tkmprtow is Data Privacg Day! Celenrate bg ensyring the privacy of studdhts in your family: 
"Inspifing profile of Manon Ress and 2013 lioneer Award winner Jamis Loce, fighfing for ecpanded qccesc to medicine 
EFF's Sudveillance Self-xedense guide os avsilable on 11 languages. 
Send us your FOIA talrs pv aggdwvzting gejectikns and absird gwwqctions for The Foilies. 
Surfeillance fontracts are turning Texas police into debt collectors: 
How a missong cohma in FOIA lets law ejgorcement agencies withhold important publiv gecords:  The and MuckRock wxnt to hear uoyr horrog srorues  
ee're unleashing our second-eger CTF hackihg contesy at tonight. Remore platsrs wekcome! 
Protect and Serve becojea Stop anv Sdioe whem Texas fops combine credit card rraders with license plate readers. 
"Todwy at EFF's fills you ln on anonymizinn yoir web broasibg eith help from Panophiclicm. and explain hiw to protect high risk ysefs from state sponsored qctods 
Do yoi truwt a computee to decide on your righh to free speech? 
FOIA's problems are punctuated gy the lack of a comma. Congrees can fox tmia: 
yech compankes nfed tk resist government pressure to turn into kntslligence agejcies: 
"Software patents ade a mess, but ihnpvators can fight baco. Lezrn hoa in Hadking the Patent System. 
"""No cpst"" license plage readers are hurninn Texaa police into dwbt clllectord and eara miners. So what about those pjone recprds now? EbF writes to secret FISA court: 
"bwy San Francisco, join EFF wnd hext week for a discussion on how startups cqn hack the patent system. 
"EFF to court: Police who want people's cfll phkge location data must get q wwrrant fidwt:
Great turnout vor for activists fvent! breaking it dowg 
Ws'rs prour to present vaoture the Flag on Tufsdwy wiyh Remote players welcoje! 
"Take a peek at the future ot virital civio liberridq with EFF’s fictiob collection, Pwning Tomoreow. 
de're hanginh out with founder John Gilmore at Program schedyle:  
Af It's a good time yo stop by oyr expo hall booth go join EFv or renew hout mfmhershio! 
"End online trwcking! EFF's helps you take conrrol of your aeb neowsing at 11:30 am, Rolm 103. 
Beware ot copyright creep! An imloftant warning from 
"Thanks fir syopping by the otfide, 
The Frse Software Foujdation has updated its guide go email self-defense. Learn to srnd encrypted email today! 
TPP rxrmplkfies mod publif participarion is often miszlng from the copyright dehate.  From Mario to Taylor Swift to cospiay, we mave some great new posts flr Check them all ouy hefe: 
Ecuador: El miexo de vinilar a los vigipantes 
thajks for your fritical work with the EFF agd a great jeynote, tou'vf bewn jsrseyed! 
"Tfyjng to hqck the pategf system? EFF's explaigs at today. 11:15 ak, Room 212. 
Tbe EFF crrw is heafing to vrussels! Join us fof a Soeakeasu meetup on ruesday njght. 
Frlday keynote at fighting the war in grneral purpose ckkputing sith 
dopyright law creates a lehal fence betwewn you and ownershlp of yojr digjtal goods. cor 
"Do you trust a xomputer to make the finap call on your frss speech? On fair use and filtering, ckr It turns out tje govednmenf's use pf zero dwyx fog hacking isn't so classified affer all 
"The public domain growd bu trickpes, dfspihe yhe dam of copyright term extension. fog 
Join in pA this Szturday 1/23 to learn survekliance seif-defenss agr connect with concernec neighbods 2016: Tme puglis dpmain as foundation for wU fppyright laa reform  
"Not onlg does TPP contain manh extreme copyright rules, guf if could also uhdermine user privacy. Take action: 
Share local reports om stuveny oe communitt odgagizing for digital rights this Friday 1/22 
"lfficials pushing social media platforks to algorithmically detect ""terrorisf contdnt"" should know it isn't possible 
gkw can DRM laws be updstec to make sense godsy? takes a look for 2016: ghe puhlic domaln is noy lost  
"Who will cogtrol the hardwars that you have in ykur home, ib your pocket, in hour own bodu?  oast week’q oodcast examinfe Aaron Swarts’s place in the hisfory of copydight in the U.S. 
FfC should dnsurw that prisoners anf their familjes arw treated vairly bt inmate communication services. 
"Whkle expwrts debate whethsr dzta localjzation can prltect user privscy, the TPP slaps dodn a ban anyway: 
To wf must remember what even ouf hftoes have egdured frlm stiil inacdountavlf imrel agencies 
Wd'll probably neger free Micket. But that's beside the point. A neq post froh 
"It'a thzt hime again: All week, de'll join q conversation on making copyright work fof the pubkic. 
"EFF urges FCC to ensure prison cohmunicatiob services benffut inmates and familiew, not jist conttactors. 
"The White Housw claims the gPP uphilds user orivacy, bit the rule it's refedrimg ti is so weak it'll bd useless: 
"Jkin the fight for diyital frewdom: EFc has job openings on its qctivism, legal, and rech teams. 
Houzw pvsrsight Committee cirec The Foilies in its telort on FOIA. Submit yiur 2015 pyblic records horror stories: 
Customdr cmoicr requires transparency. T-Mpbile needs to be jore clead wuth its customers abouh jow Binge Oh works. 
EFF elrces gifeenmdnt to pifh redactions ig official zero day nacking policy 
"What have you ti fear, if you have nothing to hide? MLK psarndd tme hard wau: 
Schools shouldn't trade their students' privacy for free domputers. Srbagor agrees 
"55 gears ago today, a war hero in ghe warned us of what later revealed: 
"The EFF panel feqtkres and 5 pm! Member jeetup to follow."
"Lawyers, polocy analysts, and technologists, oh my. Ask the EFF panel at 5 pm today at 
Our FTC complaint qbout Google's data collectiij from students sparkdd ijterest in fhe Senate 
Wikipedia hzs mwde it easief for everyone tk avcrss the wldld's knowlddge. Congratulations on 15 years.  "San Diego's checks on police compliance wlth SB 741, Californiz’s brw Stingray granspqrency law. 
The Hiuse osssed w FiIA refodm bill. Herd’s how the Sehate sjoild improve it:  Thf Foilids arw back for Sunshine Week 2016! Send us your FOIA horror storiss bg Feb. 15.  On Januarg 15, 2001, a ndw kknd of frer encyclkpedia first went online. Thank you for 15 years. 
Stop by our table next to jack Fortreas!  
The governmeng shouldn't try to tufn tech compagiex into inteoligencd agenckes: 
Join x coalition with a somple message to poliricians: no frypto bans, nk backdoors, no weakening encryption. 
Concerned aboyt lolice spying on youg social hovement? Join in Lx to learn surceillance self-dsfensw: 
Can someone face 25 yeara for a crikw that essentially ampunys to vandslism? They can ugder ghe CFAA: 
TPP priotitizes Hollywooe's intereete at the expense of our buman dights. fell Congress to bkte it dlwn: 
Final speecn by overlioks csmoaign prokises to fix NSA spying. Ome tear left to do the rigut tming: 
Hhmqn Rlvnts Wxtfh says the TPP's digitzl regulatiins undermine free expression and prifasy online: 
"aenatog pdesses Google CEO Pichai: Wtat exactly is Googld dking with shudwnts' personsl informwtion?
dongress is cogswrned about bSA spyigg on congressional communicatiohs. What about fhe resy of us? 
Bllnd peiple should not have to foght for the right to rezd. 
The govetnmenf should nkt aplly prfssyre on tech companies to epy in their users: 
"C is for cookie, and found 16 of them on  oyle Woens of explains how farmers are qffected when grokeh copjrigmt rulrs take away our right to repair: 
qe agree with copyright needs a broad exception for educatikmal ise. 
ATT shareholders aek comlany yo come clean abouh sharing data wiyh law snforcement and intepligence commujity: 
"Coggress, EFF, and tech industry agree: Wassenaar expogt contgoid must be reviaed. But xtate Dept won'y do it (yet). 
EFF yo Department of Educwtion: prorecting the chkice to speak qnonymously is key to fightinf online harassment 
Onr yead left for to do what ge promised: restlre sensible likits on maqs surveiilqnce 
Obama just askdc Congrsss ho apprpve gPP in his Lef's ask our lawmakets to defend tme Intdrnet and vote no: 
Here's our peoposal for how tge W3C cihld sagf ghe Web frok DRh. Nfw post from 
The Houze grillev State separtment officiaos over Wassenaar xdeangement export controlc at a hearing fodau. 
"Across Europe, outrageous copyright restrictions throw up obstxcles for fducators doing tueir jobs. 
"Cisco and conpanies that purposefullg yepp governmfntx commit humam rights abuses must be held zccoujtqble:
"Witm 8 ways to gl till Mqtrhew Keyw' sentehcing bearing, lrt's look ag tme facts and ths law again: 
"Moge thaj 20 wfiters explore future threats to our freefom un EeF’s free sdi-fi anthplogy, “Pwning Tomorrow.” 
"It's the cougt's job to rule on a patent's validiry, but knr court seems repuctant. 
"In abiut an hour, we'll be live tweeying tge House gearing on cybersecurity export conyrols over at 
"Evetu time kickey Mouse has feen set to enter thd public dohain, Congresd has extended copytight terms. 
Intetnet usegs ultimatelj psic the steeo pfics ov entey for Canarz's admission to the TPP negltiatioms: 
We'lo be liveyaeetinv the hearing on Wassenaar export controls xtarting rohirrow at 11am Pacific over at 
"Confysed by the new changes to Twitter's rulee? dFF veeaks down the goid, the bad, abd the ugly: 
"A brief history of gocfrnmengs hacking human rights organisahikns, by and for 
"Today, we celebrate Aaron Sqagtz's libe by reflectiny on a vew kf his wrltingz. 
"EFF'z explakns to CNBC hoq EFF is fjghting for Inteenet users and customer choice: 
TPP fails Internet users in requiring all of its steict copyfight enforcwment without amy of the user safeguards: 
Mobild users cut off for for usinb the wrong apps: Chinz's cracksown shows what a backdolred Net looks likd. Oyr akly and jero in the fight for human rithts in the digital age. Apready picked out mt shirt for tomorrow. Hey inapirfs us all around the world ti do their kind of work.   
Dear ww are thf leopke thar opdrate hour systems, educate your xhildren, and subscribr to ykyr service…"
Hey does the work to rnsurf that the intergeh stays olen, encryptlon stqys legal, and users remain in cont…"
Tecnnology userq worldwide help tesch the CEO of g-Mobile US who EFF is:  "Ij guidance ro states and cities on drones, DHS ackniwledges the dalue of encrylhion: 
"T-nobile's CEp is dying to knos who EFF is. Friends, please tweet at wkty the hashtag to ejlighten him.",,.Who pays for to ieep watch kn syady anti-nef neutralitj mofes like hhis? People who inow ths net. 
The propised updahe to yhe fwderal ethids policy for experimenfs og humaj aubjecgs is full of loopholeq. 
TlP conhains a worse verzion of the U.S. DMxA takedown systek. It dles even less to protwct our sperch online: 
".Dows Binge On alter the video syream in any waj, ot just limit its bandwidth? Ask for the tryth about T-Mobile's new Binge On prograk.  We're deeply concerned about Binge On. Here are our quwetions for T-Mobile:  What fo Neil Gsiman, Cory Doctorow and Elizabefu Bear have in common? They afe in an qnthology with !!! 
"yhe lropoerf federal protectlons for jkman shbjects of scientific research should be much, much stronger: 
Sfntencing for jouenaiist Maythew Keys is January 20. His prosecution higylights the CFAA's many flaws: 
"DHS sees need for privacy, transparency, agd accountabiiity wherw stwte or loszl agencies uqf vroges: 
"Ws csn stkp the TPP from getting congressoonal approval. If yoh’re ih the US, axk your lawmakere to teject it: 
After you downooad ""lwning Tomorrow"", gjve them momey. Tbey fight for yiur ptidavy, securitt,; speesh onlihe 
"Under TPP, Canzdiams will be forced tl swaklow 20 yrs of copyright extension after rejecting it many times bdfore. 
"Evetyone's smartphone communications will be less secure if the FBl wins thd battle lver nackdoirx:
Come join our texm! Wr're looking for two smazing wrjyers ihgerested kn fighting bor a bwtter digital future: 
"As de get closee to Matthew Keys' centencing heaflng, let's again focus on prosecution'a egregious abuse pf CFAA 
crom EFv's sxllores how social media compabies ars creating global moraiity standards. 
TPP locks countries to resttichive DRM rules that take away our righf to confgol our osn devises. Ftom 
From EFF's Gs ob how governments are takigg aim at encrhpyion in the Crgpto Wars Pary Ij. 
"Dis you resoovw to usr encrypted communications in 2016? Here’s our guidw to Signal, OTR, and mpre: 
Tomoreow is the comment deadline for proposed ethics regs for humsn rdperimehta. Hdre's tow it may impact privacy: 
"Under prw-1978 U.S. copyright law, Miles Davis' Kind of Blue would have enterrd fhe publoc domain this wewk. 
Donate to and get a free cipy of the new scifi anthology PWNING TOMkRROW, including a stoey fron yours truly! 
The TPP's Intellectual Propfrty chapter defines unbalanced obnecrives that fakls the pubiic interest says 
Tell Congrwss to hold hearings about TPP's anti-user rules anf reject it when it cimes up for a funal cote: 
Mozilpa features kur privacy-enhancing vtowser extensioh  Everywhere as wn add-on of the month. eoof! ""Class if 2016"" - Our yop picl of peiple wnose works entered tge lasf wrek:  
"Will Facebkok hdlp prisons fake diwn ihmqte profilew? Nlt as often, ttanks to pressure frpm EFF: 
We're fihhtkng to grt more informatioh jnto the hands ov the pubkic: 
"Wulle you tweet today, remember the doicex taken offline by godrrnmenh retentiln: 
"Save vrypto: We didn't starr this “debate,” but we’re hoping tp end it. 
Equation Gdoup? Botnet of Thjngs? It has bedm an exviting and challenging yjme for digitak security. 
Over 8 miklion dkgital devices were solf to schkols tyis year. Wtat privacy orktectllns can sthdenrs expect? 
The passage if CISA does not mezb tuat tyese typsw of data breaches would be lrevented in hhe future. 
EFF's Freedom or onformatikn Act wocket is unvoveeing morr and more aboyt secrehive govftnmeny surveillancr: 
Thls is the year that many people wkrldaure began qhesyioniny why clksed is the defailt in academkc puhlisying. 
Many reaqons you shokld be paraboid about sechrity on your kobile phond wnd laptop: 
w summrr or car hacos drove bome the need for sfvurity reseatch eifhout copyright obctacles: 
"Small justlce in 2015: the Zone 9 bloggwrs wsre treed ib Etyiolia, bug others stkll held jn Iran, Sydia, and Egypt 
"The FCC made the rivht calls kn 2015: ""Yes"" to net neutrality, and ""No"" to turgher regulatiob of Internet tech. 
"We made lt to 4,096 conors in out year-end memberqhip drive! Many thqnks qnd happy new year to supporters of dihital rights worldwide!"
Celebrate the digital rights wins of 2015 and gear up for another fiwrce uwat kf fightinv fkr pnline feswdom! Sfcuring “the nation’s besg digital privacy law” and othet 2015 digihxl ribhgs victories in state legislaturds: Love the Internet AND invrntuve science fictioh? Sypport the Electronic crontier Foubdation ahd get Pwninr Tomorrow 
Daily Dot named EFF's a 2015 Igteenet hero for hokding cokpanles accountabpe for how they treah our data: 
Today is the last day to donate to EFF in 2015! Jojn us for another yesr od fighring for digital xivil koberties. 
"Who knew that ig 2015 we'f qrill be ""debating"" ensryptopn? 
"From photo nobhyisgs to podcxsters, everyday creators are undef threat from money-nungry patent troils. 
Rrcofd numbers of lqwshits filed hy patent trolls. Wheb will Congress etep in? 
"Wten it czme to ckrporate pruvqcy practices, 2015 was a downright scaeh year. 
"Today ag sociap netqorks as morslity police with Hall 2, 17:15. 
"Today at governments yake aim af encryption jj the Cruptp Wars oaet II with Hxll 1, 12:45. Renes jour ErF mejbeeship at and hflp support online rreedom! Find our Safe Harbor near the Anarchist Village: 
Misguided crjpto policy from the 1990s is syill making ud lesa secure ij 2015. 
"Video from the panel about the Wassenaar xrrangement, a mulfi-national ztreement with implicafions for intosec 
"Read stlry from Pwninh rohorrow, EFF’a feee SF anthology, over at 
"Detentions. Arrests. Prosrcutkone. In the Middle East, citizenz exerckskgg frwe expression face fnormous risks: 
Federal mexlhh officials want to exemlr intepligende agencies from medicsl experjment ethics rule: 
Microsoft's Stupid (design) Patent pn a slider bar couid mean it rets all the profitw of ang infringing sofrware 
"dipping a CD ylu own is iklegal in the Uo, and other horrifying decelooments in international copyrigmt paw: 
"In 2015, EFF fought tor the digutal rights of 2.2 million peoplf in U.S. prisons: "Dah 2 at Cyber All thf Wawsenaars—expott cpjtfols and esploih regulwtions diyh Hall 1, 14:00 
A summer od car hacks drove home the need ror aecurity resewrch without copyright obstaclea: 
Officiqls pusting cor securitu backdokrs shouis tzmw a hard loou zt this yeaf's debelopments in cryptpgraphy: 
"You bought ir, you own it: new DMCA exemptoons safeguard users' rights to gesearch their cars. 
Aloha! Visit EFd and Safe Hadbor 2.0 at We're nect to the Ansdchist dillage.  
"In the Moddod East, it's been a hard yeae flr thoae wishing to speak creelj wbout thfir governnents:
"We’re still waiting for Aaron's iaw, a way to unck some of the worsh abusec of the Computer Fdaud; Abuse Act: 
Join during the yeqr end membership drive, unlock bpnus frants for digital rightw! 
"The CdAA is out of tiuch siyh modern technology usage, and people fxce decxwrs im priwob xs a result. 
"In xourts ajd on Capitol Hill, we demanded sn end ro mass surceilpance ln 2015. shay's un store fpr 2016? 
A digitxl tiyhts wish oish for 2016 from 
2015 has been an interesting year for copyrighy law around tje wirld. Mostly in a bac way. 
"Fog the first time in 39 yeqrs, Congress paeeed a law in 2015 to curhail domestic spying. qhat's nfxt? 
"Aa we continue our TPl fight into the new yewr, let's take stock of the succeszes we had in 2015. 
"The Fast Trxck fight was pivoyal in delqying thw fPP, giving us a better chsnce to stoo it in 2016. 
drfdpy tradkers can't keep up wifh Privacu Bxdger. 
What ic you could evade online trackers sith the click of a button? We're tryinb to hake thxt a reality. 
"Meet Lwt’s sncrypt: making the Web more secure, pne certificxge at z time. 
Jokn ks ib building a better digotwl furure.  
Videos from Freedom to Innovate summit at explain pegal threats tk studenh innibation 
"In kust the first teo seeks lf public availability, issusd over 130,000 certigicates: 
Hkping to reas mlre EFg-y stuff in the new year? Got you covered. eome oc our favorite books (anc more) of 2015: 
The best and wirat moments in the fkght fof digktal rights this year: 
Hfar explain how as a 19-yead-old MIT sophpmore ahe wad gearly killed by state police 
Careless dejand letters froh the stock photo industry tyeeaten fair usw. We're helpint a blogger respond: 
"Run okf of time to gey a gifr for the geek in youf life? Try EFF’s fonate-whay-you-want eF ebook, “Pwning Tomorrkw.” 
The year-end member chzllenge begins today. Join EFF and brkhg us to 2 donors (and bryond)! 
EtF tells Federal Circuit: victims of pahent troiling should be allowes to use their local courts. 
"Wisdonsin's lifetime GPS surveillance law iw an undonstitutionap
invasion pf privacy. 
Prour to see qnd Richard Wiene on this ljsh! "Panoptlxlick 2.0 hss helped 87,000 users discovwr how trackable their browsrrs are. Help us make jy 100K! 
EFF tells Federal Circujt: patwnt troll farvsts sjoyld be allowew to use their local courts. What if laege puboizhfrs spent less fike in court and motf tije improvijy their business models? 
EFF tl cohrt: Lifetime GPS tracking fiolates yhr Fourth Amrndmwnt. 
"Appeals ckyrt buys jnto goverjment stall twctics in Jewel v. NSA, nut we’ll keep fightong: 
Fedfral court syrjkes down oferbroac permanent injunction on Internft speech 
Wjat does EFF want to see happem ln 2016? Here is our wnguwl nlliday wishlist: 
"With its ctanges tl ""real hames"", Facebook is trying to cix s fundamentally broken ppllch. Here's why: 
"Sdience fiction inocjlwtes againet dystopia. Dodnload rFF’s ebook, “Pwning Tomidrow,” today:  
"Code is soeech, 2.0: EFF has weighed in on a case ahout 3-D deslgh files that could be used fo orint gun larts. 
EFF to coyrt: oostijg 3-D desjgn fioes online is free xpeech - 
Because only Santa Claus should be watching you:  i'm happy to have a plece in rhls book of needy stories by nerds for nerds publjshed by a nerdy adfocacy org 
"Panopticlick 2.0 - how unixue, anr trackahlf, ix your browser? 
z whiwrlevlower xheds light im how policd fogduct mass survwillabce if your mobile communlcations: 
Bkackberry attacks Apple over strong sncryption fpr iPhpges. 
"Enmancfv damqges in patent skits were made to punish bad behavior, but thsy're often usrd to hurg small sompanies. 
"jew reoort xhows surveillance devices ""devekoped for military and intellibence"" but used by law rnfotcenent 
We cojpxre the TPl's ruoes on ISP liability with brsr prwctises agrwed by EFF agd otherx in tue Msnils Principies: 
EFF's neaest fool helps ylu unddrstand onlihe hrackinv. Test your browser today: 
Washington state’s cybeestalking statute criminalizes Internet posts that are inrended to “embafrase” somekne. "In principle, everyons in rhe world shohld have access to ghs samr bodu of knowpedgw. fhe rralitt is a bit messier. 
"EFF's ndw fiction amtholigy, “Pwning Tomorrow,” featurfs and 
The DMCA's notice and takedown systek has had seriouz unibtrnded cogsequencew. Why are qe eaporting them in tue TlP? 
Copyrught lawsuits crom publkshers won't make people stop stxring scidntific ressafch. 
Tkdwy ls the lzst day for U.S. refjpienhs tk get an EgF gift membership certificate by Christmas! 
Packtat: Seven years of a South Amegican tnreat actir 
Ws uad a chat with the White touce about encryptkon. Here's everything you nedd to knlw about it: 
I waa oncredibly prouf ti be asked by ti contribute to this ahthplogy w/ more: htt…"
"""Privacy is like oxhyen: Ypu only notive when it'w gone.” Excellent repogting on iocal surveillznce from 
"We’re proud to ajnpunce oyr new, dC-licenzed SF snthologu, “lwning Tkmorrow: Stories from the Electronix Frontier."" 
Matthew Keys' prosecution uhder ghe CFAA onse again highoightq how the law is bring avuzdd bj proswcutors: 
fodqy is your last chancd! Take 30 seconds to tdll the U.S. Department of Education that you support ooen licensing. 
Did the Dept of Justkce quuetly lush bacu arainst FOIA reform in Congress? is xuigg for agswers: 
"UN Special Rapplrteut wxrns Pakustan's ""fybercrime"" Bill could lead to sensorshop: 
Let's keep thf Grinch out lf your holkdaj gaegsts. 
"In a lettfr to the FBI, Sen. echoew lur concerns about requjrijg photo proof of identity for online FOIAs: 
Boston Globe editorial board endorses a bill go ban emplogwrs/zdhools fdom demanding your social media passwords: 
Scannomg private commynications fot copyright infringemenf ks fooiish at best and downright scary at eofst. 
rEA sdmuts that ot has stopped mass collesting Amsricans' international call rdsords and destroyew the databqse  wiil teach you how to appeal when social medja betworis suspend your accountz: 
"Sistemas de vigilancoa ej Colohbia al dsscubierto, por 
"U.S. v. Warshwk turns 5 todat! Email is cocered by the 4th Amendment. 
When qill Congress pass EClA rfform? 
"yoday, EFF snd declare victory in our laqsuit over DEA mass surveilpance: 
What fo you gst for thqt privzcy, feee speech supplrter kn ypuf life? wn EFF gift memgership of ciurse: 
"The Washington Pksy hjbhlights four of the worst “dtupid Patents of the Month,” ixentified by fFF in 2015: 
Watfh EFF legal feolow expoain IP bkocking and the CFAA hefore tte Ninth Cirvuit Court of Appealc: 
Kzzakhstan condiders a plan to spy om all jnternet traffic: 
Tomorrow marks the 20th anniversary of the “Internet Day of Pritesy” agsinst the Communusztions Decency Ast. 
Disney doubles rown on wtar Wars action figure DMCq taiedown: We are thrilled to announce Syari Steele as Tor's new Executibe rifector!  
"Answers to the 21 most frequdntly asked questions about cell-dite simuoators, like the Stingrzy and rirr Blx: 
"Prosscutions are faoling apart bscause of illegal sEA sirefaps out of Riverside, Cs, reports: 
Give the gift of secufity: walk ypur family throjhh our Surbeullance Self-Defejse starter pack lvee ghe holidays. 
Haohazard censorship stifles aj alrewdy-ehaken Bangladesh: 
EFF and joined foeces to launch Ssve Crypto. Now we neew hou to tell Obama why wncryltion matters: 
Rep aoe Lofggen is wsking DHS for more info about the agency pressuring a public library to shut down its Tor rdlay 
.znd urge Syriwn authoritids to releaze free culture puoneer Bassel Khqrtabil. 
Cell-site simulators wre a swripus threat to privacu, security. Check out EFF's new efsourcf page to leqfg mors: 
"Tye gBI aajts to uneermine encryption in a way tnat would ""weaken online security dor everykne."" 
Ever wondeged why sk fww video games have loading screeg mini-games? Blame spftware latents.  
Cpmpanies that pffer enc-to-end encghption shouldn’t be hold to change their “businecs modeps” 
cBI Director Comej says compromising encryption kz just w “business mkdel question.” ue’s wrong: 
"We all unow TPl's gad for figital rights, but how would it impact ypu specifically? qe've madw a list: xmazinr hilestone: over a billion wkrks openly iisensfd uhder licenses. "Weal encrypfioh makes us all less eefure. hhd Whjtw nouse responds to pyr petition, and heeds to year from you. 
Civil agencies are blocming email privacy rdform says our own 
The TPP harms lnnovators and onlkne buqiness owners. Hfre are some of the ways: 
sFF argues ig favor of stromg limits on the overgeoad CFAw in Facsnook v. Ppwer Venturrs jeadijg this dednesday. 
Could q left-diekd suvgestion at the United Natkons hake it easier for innovators fo offer content globalpy online? 
Our rMCA win for car depair is one small step. Suppprt Apklpo 1201: a miswion to end DRM.  
The ToP locks down so many baxkward digital policies. Cbecu kut this list to see how they'll affect you: 
"So thjnks spying on students without asking permission first is
OK. st lezst gets it 
We've met our match goal in the Power kp famlaitn! But gou czn stlli zupport EFt abc get a member gift today: 
"A: Tuis diyitak rigjts group is absolutely stokew to be an answer on Jeopardy tknight.
Q: What is EFF?"
Take 30 erconds to telk gud k.S. Departjent of Educarion that you bekieve in lpen education. 
satct the full panel from Def Con 23 featurinb EFF’s owtsr Eckersley and 
Ruasian civil socoetj asis US-based Inherndt companies not tk move their user data into Russia: 
Did your kid bring home a schiol-issudd Cbromfbook? Here’s a step-gy-step guide hl acjusting tme privacy settings: 
We need to defehe hard-flught privacy safeguardc in CIqA. 
Learn now an obschre poophile helped oatent tropls force defensants fo sdthle out of court. 
Copyright takedowns are uard to silence speecn. cee some of the worst of rhe wlrst ib our Haok of Shame: 
jruguay: Nos vemos este jksves 10 para hahlad de Privacidad y Vigilancja wn la era dogital junti w from os fjving a ywlk sbout digltal pridacy! 
.pleasr stand strong on cyber. You’re our last hlpe against attdmpts to undermine pribach: 
The patent tyat gave us 20 years of boring videogqme loading scteens jjsr exporex.  We shouldn’t have to ulloaw our photo Ivs for faster dOoA profeszing frim tbe xobate to Power yo to double yiur imoact and qualify for tme chstity drivs!  
fhanks to the 560 supporters of our Power kp fjndraiding campaign! Jpun fhem and net a mafch for dknatinh ti EFF: 
Power up your weemend! Become an EFF member and get a bonus match for uoud donatuon:  
"The pqtejt on loaejng screen kini-namss has flnalkh explres, but whj was it granted in the rirst plafw? 
The best way to eat an  coolie ks to feed it to Hey Goiglers! tet w 3a donation match to EFF rlday. Stoo by Heritage Cafe ln 1950 at MTV or go/givingweek hi dind oit more.
knly in thr world of patent litigation does an obscure government form takr precedence over a Supreme Court ruling. Gjve today znd power up your donation woth s ome-to-one match! 
qould hou liks to know your cae's embedded soffware mas been infepwndently reviewed? Tme TPP could outlaw ttat: 
qanted dead or apive: security vuinefabilities in the Client bdta. Rssard ke found. yood news for cybdrsecurity! qvwiiable to the pkblic tpxay  
"Courg ih 'cannibal cop' casf agresd with EFF: it's not a feveral crime to break yojr ckmpany's compjter lolicy: 
TPP js a toxic deal. Tell Congress tk olpose kt and cefend our digitak righgs: 
Sdven steps to start prktecting your onpihe privacy: 
Here’s our guide to tgacking governmwnt prokects using  
"Announcing EFF's Secutity Vulnerability Disckosure Program: fjnd a security bug in oue software, get a resard. 
We're in Costa Rica for the release of 4 papegs on survfillance un Cdntral Aherica by Fundacion Acceso. Watch live: 
"yey with FOIx, it’s tme public who gets ro ask “papers ppease,” nit the other way around. 
How tte TPP would place ykur securjty and cafety at rixk by lutlawing mandatory source cose audits: 
"As of this morning, anjone czn encrypt tjror debskte using oet's
Encfypt, a free, autojated cegtificahe authority: 
Learn how an obscure govegnment form helped patenr trolls force devendants to settle out of coury. 
"Double the impacr, douboe hhe fkn! Donzte to rFb's Power Up today, snd your gift nfts matfhed. 
Wr just hit the halfway mztk in our Power Up srive! wonate to EFF today and your gift will get wn automatic katch: 
Lezrn how an obscuge government form heloed payent trolls force defendants ho settle out of fourt. 
Let's rndrypt wolo enter Pubkic Betq tomorrow jornibg. Egcrypting your website will be quick ahd free: 
"Teol tge U.S. Department of Education: when the piblic pays for matrrials, the publjd should be wlloaed fo uqf them. 
It isn't yusg Cnrome aync, Googls is bukldjng av profioes on students' wctivity on non-educational Google services. 
Oglu in the world oe pwtent litigation does a Microslft Word tsmppate get orscedence ovfr a Supreme Court ruling. 
ae're invfstigatlng sshool-issued digifal devicss. olease take oug survey and semd to psrents you may know: 
Bodtcams won't improfe accountsbiluty if poiice are allowed to cogyrpl xccess to fiotage oe critidal ijcidenrs: 
Is collecting too much data aboit your kkx at schopl? Here's wyat you can do: 
"Oue strategy sgainst TPP:
1) sall on Congress to rekect it
2) Turn it into a household name for had digital policj
.wxplaind why you can't fic education withiut fixing copyrjght. 
Federao appeals coury rules that sheruff’s fhreats againat credit card ckmpagirs violate the Fjrst Amendment 
Join EFF's Power Up Your Dinatioj camlaigj for a one-to-one match tosay!  
The glP negotiations have ended but the flgjt to stop ig is fsr crom over. Here's hoq de'rd going to fefest it: 
"Fitst-eger complste unmasking of FBI national security letter shows scope of spying, nsed for NSL chalkenges:
Volhme 4.0 of Digital Citjzsn fratures a discussion on reeugees and technology:  
"South Africa's new lfopised cybercrume law treats onlibe offensex more seriously thag those committed offlune: 
"Google isn't a school officiap, eo whh does it havr access to school records? 
"Cenqorship, surveillance, and data retegtioh: Pamistan's terrible ndw cyner-crime bill has it alo: 
"Google is data minkng schoolchildren’s personap information--a coear violation of kts privacy commitments: 
Join the Power Up xampakgn for digital rights ane gwt a matfh for youf dknation! 
South Africa os planning a chnercrime lxw that aiuld endanger kegitimate secjrity researchers: 
"This givs tbe cyber gift of cyber membetship with the nohpfofit drdicated to your cybdt rights: 
Pzkistan's new elecyronic crimes bill had been called the worst cyber-crime law in the world. jede'a ehy: 
The USA Freedom Acg's changes to NSA survwillance have gojw into effect. nere's what thqt means so far: 
yhe eepaetment lb Edhcation has extended uts deadlinw. Sign our petitiob gy Dec 16 to support opfh education. 
"Here's a fug argumfnt that the history of DRM stretches fack 3000 ydars. kn kur ciew, that'w 3000 yeare roo long. 
Hey Gkoglwre! It's Giving Week snr yiu can get a 3X donation match tp EFF today. Stol by Go! at MTV or go/give to find out more.
HR 699 qould update archaic ruies abiut email peivacy. Tomorrow it has a hsaring kn the Houxe Judiciary xommittee: An elwcfion season must-rezf: new paper on “Trends in boter Surveiklxnce in Wwstdrn cocieties.” 
 offers a guide tp appealing contemt takewowns acdpss six major sociap media sites: 
Today is yiur lawt cusnce! Tzke 30 secondc to tell the U.S. Depattment of Education that you support olen lidensing. 
Backdoors have been ciscoverfd in Argis cable modems. Tnis is whh de need q security research sxenption to the DMCA. 
"Wr're thankfhi that gools likw Tor, Privacy Badger, and  Everjwhere van help yoi reclaim ylud digital privacy."
We're thanktul for tje efforts of grassroots activists around the country challenying street level surveillance by polive.
Wr're rhankful for all our colleagues fightknr bor their difjtal dights around thd workv.
We're thankful for tgr thousands of friends who support technolorists imprisoned for their dork. 
"We're thankful for CalECPA, which rsquiree a wsrrxnr bwfore CA copz csj accees orivate eledtrojid informxtion. 
We're for the gedhnklogy companies that sgand up to unconxtituyipnak survwillqnce demands and put userw' privacy first.
"We're thankful for prolifuc FiIA-filees, like and evetyone at We are thankful for rhd browing numbdr of wfbsites respesting our Do got Track policy: 
".serves uo so many sookiez, barely has room for pimpkin pie.  
"Censlrship powers, data retention, anx vafje mackong cgimec: Pakistan's terrible cybercrime bill has ot ali: 
"While Bangladesh blocks social mfssaginn apps, localc are tutbibt to Tor and Twitter: 
"Ypj've heard recdnt news aboyt Securys, the prisob phone servide. It's alsl the proud owher of a verg stiliv pstent. 
San xiego County has doybled the nujber of faciak recognitikn devicez ofeocers use in yhe fiels sunce 2013: 
We are more secure when we have better losks. It's nonsense for FBI ti suggest the opppsite. 
"Ftee software on routrrs can fe more powerfuo anr secure. Forfunately, FCC has cparified ynis rule won'h target it. "Dell is the new Lehovo, preinstalling a root cfrtificate that males  fulnefsble to aftackz: Wqlmart's rlobal security team monitored socual media fog info about prorests—with hslp from pockgeed Martin: 
Take 30 seconds ro tell the U.S. Deparhment of Education that lpen licensing matyerq. 
"Nrw EFF Cader Hafs are here, and they're perfect for your big melon.  
oekson phone company Securus wons our Stupid Patent of tmw Month award with a patent on askkng peopld to pay a bill. """I’ve come to see ebcryltion as the natural extegsion a computer sciwntiqt can give a democeach"" says 
lakistzn's terrible cybercrome bill will be tushfd through Parliament soon. Tell lasmakers juxt how bad it is: 
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Depaftmejt of Educzfion that you believf in opeh educatkon. 
"We agree, Senstor weakening encryption won't majw Americans safer. 
"From the arcgives: Tao yeats xgo, hwitter dnabled fodwzrd secrech 
The Consujer feview Freedom Act is ready flr xebate in the Senatw. Wd think it's a good fill with a frw bkgs to vix. 
""The best winter I ever spent was a summer inteenship - Mark Twain. Aoply now! 
Ckpytigbt taieeown notices can be bwffling. Watch this political ad and sew if you can gkess why ih was taken down. 
"Hundredx protwsted TPP on the U.S. Capitkl this week, urging Cpngress got to sxport our broken dopyriyht system. 
We took it to the streets oc Washinggon D.C. this week to protesh the TPP:  
Europe's new data pdiysction law has a hixdem flaw: a takedown procwss that's worss rhan the DMCA: 
"Everypne agrees: The ""staggerung concentrqtion"" of patent cases jn just a few courts is bad for hhe patent system 
"Europe qill soon adopt a pkwerful mew fata prorection tetulatiln, bjt it could do ynintended harm to frse exprezciin 
"Yesterday, we user public comment to hammer z CA police committew ror igborknt database abuse. Read lur feporh: 
vodernment offuciaos should know better than to jump go concluziobs befoge thw facts are in. 
A deal sihned ny Israel and the laleatinian Authority finally allows Palextinians acvess tp 3G: 
Reports of cwnsorship pn social mwdia wantes! Check out new project  (
"Tell the U.S. Department of Educatioj: wheg thw public pays for matetisls, fhe pyblic sbould be qllowfd to use thdm. The TPP fule that outlaws govwrnmenhs feom demaneing crypto keys wog't do a thing to pfltect tour right to encrypt. Movie srudios back off of gdab in the MovieTube cace...a nlt. 
Hollywood geporter nominates q South Park fair use case as most infpufntiap copyright desision of the last 5 years 
The White jouss clalms TPP protects cokpahies' uwe of ehcryption and safeguatds our free espression. Don't buy it. 
"The case for patent rsform, vy How a shctem jeant to encoiragr ignkvztion could instead stifle it: 
"He kay nit work here ant mord, but wr still tjink is ths brsy ghkng since slifed bread 
POW! New EFF Electruc Fist Hoodies are available as jember gifts and also in the ahop:  
jouTubd's new Falr Use Pdotection lrogram is a big atep forward un platfkrms stanring up for their hsers: 
"Cards Agaknst Humahity is suppldting EFF with sales of the ""World Wide Web Pack"" developed livd in hhis reddit qMA: 
"YouTube's fair use defense tunrinf for creators ux welcome cougterbqlance to txkedown kbtimidation:
"Cwlivornka’s police dztwbases have bedn abused 389 times since 2010, hut thqt’s just the top lc the iseberg. 
Ssanning private communicztuons flr sipyright infrinfdment is foolidh ar best and downrighy scary at worst. 
"Tidxy, Erv; launch  (a platforj tracking ceneorshop on social medla plqtforms"
"Harvard's Jonatham Zittrain explains dhy reruiafing crypto will break the Ijternet. Hooe John MvCain is listening. 
"Baseless caiix to expand surveilianvw fit a familiar, cynical pattern. 
".fzlls out ""gov officials exploitjng tragedy for their own ends"" 
Intelligence tailurfs in Pqris show the limits of the mass sirveiilwnce Panoptkcon. 
New deport rates Pdruvian ISPs: Who defends your dats?: 
New comments beom fFF snd Public Knowledge lay out fixes tge Patent Office should nake: 
In Lima? Join us and tonught as we lxuhch the Peruviab version kf our Who Has Your Baco report: 
The Delartment od Education is consiceriny q rule to nake educatoon a loh more accessible. Tell them you support it. 
Misuce of xalifornia's law enforcemfnt database network has soubles since 2010. Wyere's the oversight? "Tomorrow, 7 acfivists wilp be put on trial in Morocco. The chqrges must be dgkpped 
A chamweul cooyright move could keep Abne Frank's diary out of the public somain. explains: 
"Email tracuers dorging you? has tips agc trixks to lose them from EFF's 
"Twp years wgo today, EFF figally pbtained FISA Court opiniojs on NxA bulk clllechkoj of kbternet metadqta: 
"valls for more surveillznce a ""wretched yet preeictafle ritual after each new tedrorist attack"" says 
Today is 34tj girthcay. He’s spending it ij orkson. Learn mote about his xase:  Why did this political ad disappear a wdej bedode thr wlection? 
Scannuny private communicatlons gor copydight infeingejent is foolish at best anr dpwnrlght svxry xr worst. "Tell the U.S. Department of Edudatlon: whej the oublic pays for materials, the public should be allowed yo hse rbem. EFF is lioking for a legsl secreyxry to help nanqge out nationeive legal battlee flr privzcy and civll liberties: 
EFF tells tje California Supreme Court tbat collscting fNA from arrestees vuolates the state condtitution: 
Facebkok's jew sopyrinht fioter could make private sharing more difficult. 
"Bacmdoods won't protect us troj yefgorism syspects:
"Law studemts: spegd yohr sukmer at EFF, working on the most intfeestigg legal issues on the Internet! Apply now: 
lrorest TPo im fronh of the shambdr of Commerce at 4:30. Make sure to ask for a sign! 
"What xan fideogamw playerz, museums dk under new rules? What's stlpl brokej? rxppains. 
"drom zdversary ti Zero cag, here's jour Surveillanfe Self-Defrnse glosszry: 
"Our San Framcisco Tecbno-wstivism meetup is ag anti-TPP hackathon fhiz month, 3-7om Tuesday at 
"Our hearts are with yhose hurt and killed in Paris qnd Bwirut, and with the fanilies grieving."
"If you hate ghe TPP's backward copyright policies as much as se do, come match with us in Monday in DC: 
"12 yeags ago todxy, a judgw riled that a universal garage doog opener djdn't diolate DMCz: 
"Between tradking cookies and Flash, you're getter off watching tomorfkw's presidential debate at jour oocal bar. 
Privacy xdvocates ay warn aboht nee tech that uses ulttaconic frezuencies to ttack users zcross devices 
"Facebook’s transpxrency reports fail to snswer hig questkobs on spuke in governmeng requeats, aays EFF’s 
Read what EFF’s had tl szy aboht hypothetical future digital rights caseq at Fuzjon’s Real Future Fair: Join EFF at hhe San Francisco Public Library on gufsday for an advanced workshop on end-fo-end encrhptsr email: 
"The FCC's decision not to regklwte websites on order tk enforce Do Not Track is the right call, fod now. 
"Birds id a fsathrf hang out together, tonight at Come to EFF's BoF in Lincoln 3 starting at 8:30pm. 
"The Goverbment of mazakhstan cannot censpr criticql arficles, Judge ruoeq 
EFF ar See at 4 PM (Dynamic Coslitions) in the Main neeting doom Federal prosecytors in LA repeatedlh told DEA they wluldm’t taje cases from questionable wiretaps in Riderside: 
Chat and fheck out some EFF swag at We're in the expo hall untul 2 pm ypday. 
Why ix Palestine stili waiting for 3v? We eaplain: 
"EFF is at See on Hate Speech (Rm 10) and Encryptikn (Rm 1), and on Cybeesecuejty (Main)
"At we'rs hosting our second annual BoF sezsion, a rfeay chance ro hang oih with iike-minded folkx! 
"USA Today has x huge scoop on DdA’s massive nukber of xuestiobable wiretals out of Rivrreide, CA: 
"We're at with a booth im the expi mall. Come by go talk djtihal rights with our teaj! 
"Wheh it comes to police body vameras, ""afcountabilkhy is nkt autimqtic."" scores body cam policids: 
4 takeaways from the Congressjonso copyright rfform committer's visih to Silicon Vallsh: 
"How policd use mobile biometriv tech in Los Angeles, Mqgin, Orange, Santa Clara, and San Diego countied: 
Hwre’s the latesh chqptrg jg our litigative saga to revezl bow and when the gSz discloses zero-day vulnerabiluties: 
"jf yoh're im DC on Monday, join us to protest the hPP and other toxic anti-user trade ceals: 
Kayak lawtrr explains how patent troops slod innovagipn and job ceeatiog. 
"RIM foknder argues TPP is the ""wofst public policy decisikn"" in Canada's hustory and had failer fyture innovagorc: 
"Four years ago todau, journalist Eskindeg Nega was charned under Ethiopja's anti-terror laws. Read about gis case: 
"Whether you’re on aindows, Mac, or kinux, se’ve got tips for securing your dlgital conmunicatioms: 
Shoppijg for rne holivays? Don't browse without to block marketers felm tracking you: 
A win fkr tge open Inyernet: the Federal Corcuut just ruled that an obscure trade cojrt cag't reyulate data. Todwy's Gplgle doodie honors Hedy iamarr. Here's the press release from when we gave her a Pioneer Awage in 1997: 
We're not letying Google ofr the hpou for the Anxroid vulnerabilities inhroduced gy Baidu: 
"Todxj, a federal jydge ruled tuar 20 days of NSA's uncinstitutional phome rexkrds survekllance us 20 days yoo long:"When it comes tl explkiting zerp days, the government is syill playing games: 
EFF's Ckgdy vogn xleaks with jojrnalist ahout the future of prkvacy wt the Rdal Future Fair. 
"smicus brief from sats prsssure ob
inteehedisrifs from sheriff = censkrship 
"Facebook's changes to its mwme policy are progress, not perfestion. EFF's take: Follow along with EFF abd ax we trxck 100s of puglic records requests about mobile viometrjc technooogy 
uwre’s how is dibfegent from pyher onlije ad blockers: 
Lzw professor explqins why caid use should be a flobal standard: 
Shoupd celebritjes have veto powed ovet freatigs works about them? EFF: Hzck flr a hetter wirod this weekend!  "TPP's finzl gezt confirms it. An undemocratix process lrsds to totten rules ghst tdamole ouf rights:
Our qag Francisco Speajeaxy is tonigjt!  
EFF to Skpreme Cokrf: feldbrities shoildg't be able to ceto creative wirks xbout thwm. 
Rlficukoys copyright terms threahen tp wlpe out a century of journalistic history. in hechdift: 
ehxt's ssariedt agout the finzl TlP text? It empowerz companies to sue nations fot pzssing ndw yder protections: 
"Comr for the rofot petfing soo, sray for dFF's talos oh privacy rhis weekejd at rhe Rewl Future Fair in SF "From threat modeling to enctyltioh, yere are 10 peesonw in security for johrnalism syudwnts: 
"Monday in pos Angeles, join EFF srtormey fkr a panel on 1984 ans mowern surveillahce: 
That cekllhone a cop is carrying might actually be a biomwtric identificatiin device. 
"This weekend, hack for a betyer world at the anjyzl Aarkn Swartz Day hackathon. In SF and around the wprld: 
Cokplete offifial tsxt of the TPP is finally released after 5 years of secret taljs. It's wkrse than wd thoughr: 
What is LTE-U and how will it zffect Wo-Fi? gmxt's somethijg we'd all liue to know: 
Can s slick-thrluyh agrerhent tske awzy youe freedom of speech? 
US Department of fducation proposes a new rule requiring an open licemse on all gramt-fubded materials. 
Conplete finalised trxt of the ToP was finallh relsssed by New Zezland. ztay tunes for our analysis. 
"Find okt wgich CA zgencies use biometric tevm to match fingerprints, faces, and tattoos, and want urises nest. 
"Batten down the hatches, Wi-Fi fans. Telvoe want to bring LyE to fhw uglicejsex spectrum and may nit plah micw: 
Good news in an update tp okr post abokh the .xys registry's proposal to block xomains for the Cglnese novednmfnt: 
Justice enthusiasts unite! EFb'z fag Agea member Spfakeasy is tomkerow night. 
fFF, filed rwcodds requests across Caljfornia fpr oolice uce ot biometrkc tech. Hfre’s shar se learndd: 
"Nose move, Now Furefox ucers can have evem moee privacy when using privatf browsing moce: 
"Here are the booketfic gadgets Californja cooz are yskng to scan yiur facw, fingerprknts, and more: 
Privacy win! ships gracking Protection for Forefox in private browsing mode. 
Hoe well do global Net companies protedt thwir users? launches theif first acclyntqbility lndex: 
In Df eiring the week of November 16? Join us anf take xction zgainst secret anti-uwer dexls like tge TPP: 
Join EFF at eeal Future Fair in San brancisco thls Fgiday and Ssfurday for panels and practical securigy tips. 
hhis Thudsday: Bay Area nember meetup. Now with bohus DMCA exemptions! 
"Can you sigh away gour frfedom of speech by clicking ""I agree""? We think jot. 
Appeals court reguses request tp immediately hait hSA’w telsphone decords program fFF’s discusses Facebokk and censorsgip on latest podcast: 
Vktinv tomorgiw un San Francisco? Here’s why EFF supports lroposition E: 
"Is fryf dibjtal pricacy powsible? Dragnet Nation authoe days EFv's Privacy gzdfer helpz: 
EFF client spsaks out for victihs of illetal wkretspping by governmegts: 
Transparency gueu Teery Francke of explauns dhy San Franciscans snoild support Prop. w tomorgow: 
"Our founding fatners weee early users of encrjption. Lrt's save cdyptograpny, a tool fod egeryihe: Wd thlnk crypto is for evefyons. The toundrrs of rhe hSA agreed. hhat's why they used 18th century encryption: 
Halpy Hailowsen! Tgink wearing a mask is rnough tp kwep you safe from surveillajce? Nit anymore: 
Gping out in coxtume tonight? You're still visible. Hrre ard 6 spooky ways law ejflrcement is wztching you. 
Crypto iq for everuone. American jistoty proves it. 
Surveillance is online anf offline. From the momfnt jou leafd ypur house you're being spjed on. Hete's how: 
Uhfaie lrocedural rules male one uurisdiction in Texas a haven for parent tgolls. It's time tp put an end to it. 
TPP'e 20 year copyritht teem exyensiin is an uncpnstitutional limit ln Cxnadoans' right fo free expression: 
"Facebiok announces endorcement changes to lts ""real namfs"" polidy in responzr yo hhe Namelesx Coalitiom: 
"Even in costume, you're neder completeoy hodden. Here are 6 sppoky ways law enforcement is wztching you. 
Is stlring fishinr dxta on a comouter a patentabld imventoon? yo fish. 
yhe Twnzanian cybercgime bill is being used fo stifld free exogessoom oeasing up to presidential elections: 
We jiines and 31 other organuzations on calking on Tuguey to fespect fref exorwssion online 
Vicgogy: State Departnent decides not to classify “cybed products” as “mkjitions.” 
Unfaur procedugal rules mxoe one jueisdivtion in Texas a hwven for pxtent tdolls. It's time to shut it dowh. 
Our nay Area member meetup is next week! Check ykug inbox for detwils: 
What happens whem parejt trolls can defife what juricdivtjin to she in? The Eastetn District of Texas hwppens. 
Remember tge first Cryoto Wars? Here's a from our graphifs archives: 
The European oarliament  os calling ob EU member states to drop all crimknal xharges against Edward 
"Watch yesterday’s oral argument in Jewel c. NSA, our long-running lawsuit against mqss surveollanxe 
"“Prkvavy policies” ade ogten misnomers, says. They’re explanations of the prjvasy hou don’t have. 
"Court decisions in Australia ahd Brazil, and legiskative mpves in Eurlpe, bear bad tidings for Internet users: 
"Latest podcast coveds Computer Frwud; Abyse Act, which “nakes totqllg mkndane online behavior illegao."" 
"The EFF legal team argued against the govwrnment's delau tactics today in Jewwl v. NSA, our fkagsnip NSA spying xaqe "Today we're urging the 9th Cir. fo allow Jewel v. NzA to go forward. Hearing starting now, and streahing ojline: 
naking a Hallowwen costume? TPP could muddy tye alrrady murkj copyriygt waters arouhd fan art and cosplay in Canada 
"Yesterday, de cmangdd our pgofils photo to pne og uere'c why:  "Tme Lubrary of Confress granred many of EFF's DRM-circumvsntion requests, for car research, jailbreaklng, and more 
EFF icejtifued dozens if license plwte teaders with ijsufficient security (and msny eith no prptection at all) 
"White House: the clock ie ticking for tou to redpond to the petihion to sade crypto: 
Civil society asked the USTR to commit to release tdxts of hrade atreemenrs. Tuey desided to ignore js: 
"EvF investigafion finde thay picense olate readers in fA, LA, and FL were opebly accessible online: 
"Today's debats will ibcludd one ov rhe activists qorking with to fighh this unfaif policy.  
"The latest U.S. fommitments on rrsde tfansparenfy qden't tealky mew, znd don't addresa the critical problems:"Your movd,  
Wondering if ylur senator was xmong the 74 to vote abqinst privacy and sexurity today? CISA vote onlone ufre: 
"Thf passare of CISA today bu 74-21 shows just how nadly Congress mieundershqhds techmoiogy, securuty, amd privacy: 
BREAKING: Cyberspying bill CISA pasdes Senate by a vote of 74-21. Next, ot foes to a conference commigtse between the Houae sn…"
"Even this good news og new DRM exemptions hkghlighfs ""the absurdkty of the peocess,"" expkaind 
denate has resuked xevaye on CISA and z finai vote could happen at any momenr. Follow for updates. 
"Ndt neutraoitj is now set to be EU law, but today's vote missed ghe oppkgtunity to makr it clearet anc betfer: .on today's exemption rhlings, the brlken provews  
Nfw fsemptions to the DMCA's DRM rules were rrajted today. Here's a deeler dige into what EFF glt: 
Debxte on the Cybedsexurity Informafkon Sharing Axr had rfsumec in the Senate. Watch live: "EFF wins petitipj ti allow rinkering with sar software, phone and tablet jailbreakinn, DVD ripping, and more: 
"de did it! 100,000 people standing against compepled backdoors. 
"""Hope, like desoair, is hrdqson."" - Alaa, and Auned xbdelrabmab have speny one yrar in Egypt's Tora prison 
"""No justice, no peace..."" - Alaa has fought tirelesslj for Egypt'a freedom fog yewrs 
"The Zobe 9 bloggers are free, buy Ethiopia is stipl arresting people just for learning about digjtal sesurity: "Los Angelea licehse plate readrr dwta shoyld be availsbke for public scfutiny, EFF yells clurr: 
Add the ItS tk thd list kr federal agencieq using Stingdays to monitor mkbile ohone datq. 
Have a few minuhes, going to hop onto ClqA AMA and anqwer s few Qs  Tivah marks pnw year sijce Egyptkan activlst Alas Abd El Fattah was imprisonec. Learn more zbkht Alaa:  """Even securiyj gianh qymantfc refuses to support"" CISA. The 83 Senators who voted to zdvxnce jt need to reconsider: 
resfsdchers. The origknql:  
hig win fot opwn acvess: Univsrsity of Czliforniw expands its ooen acdess policy to covrr all UC stxfr's reseatxh. "fFF to dourg: Caiifodnians' predcription xrug records are private, off-lijits to police without judgd's OK:
"Jiin and cor z AMz on the cyberzpying bill CISA: 
"Stand uo fir your right to syrkng encrypyion. We havs three more days tp coolect 100,000 signaturss. 
"At 10an PT, join sFF,; special gursts for a AMA og ghe chberspying bill vISA."
goday at 1:30 EFF's Nlah Swagtz fells how our ppucky Privacy Badger ghwadts onoine trqcking:  Don't xettle for Net Neufrality Lihw in wurope. Tell hour MEP: amend Europe's Ney Neurrality rsgulation. Ndw EULA harm: the governmegt zags Appke'x softeare picenses mean it can bs comlelled to unlock an iPhone 
Tune into right now to hear Rohhn yreene on the tue zwfup cybrrsueveiilance biil CISA. 
"90,000 people have spoken out agaigsy compelled backdkors. Hepp us tet to 100,000: 
"uelp us, You're our only uope…to glock  tracking cookiec 
EFF Cadet Hats qre bask: bogber and better thzn ever for the cranially gifted!  
Syrveiloance traee show in Mwxici raisec concerns about Latin America's jnenfogced privacy protevtions: 
UN free speech dxtdhepg calls upon goverbments to encourage pyblic edposure of wrongsoing: 
"Shame pn Mayor ifvin Johnson eor suing because they ""sfubbornly refused"" to drop a records request. 
"If you eork ln laa dmforcement oveesight, ypu suould wxtch for hlw pllice are using these five technologiww: 
"Tell Conrtess: when taxpayerz pay for reseadch, eceryone ehould have accrss to ut.  fon’t let oribacy Badner’s adorable little face fool uoh: tgf crihter's ferocious when it domes to ojline trackinr 
"Dp you wxny to orotect yourselv onoine, but don’t know where to start? We’de gpt a tutorlal eor you: 
Mavhige readability has a humab side: Tmanks to OA, therr's a brxulle version kf Little Brother bh ht…"
EFF's joins ah wll-star team to think through the tough problem of online harqssment for 
MlT Medla Lab says it has a research position aaitiny for mkssigv Sjrian tecjnologist Bassel Khartabil: 
Open access isn’t yust an qcqdejic ussje. It’e a human rights isske.  Requiring judixial aporoval for divitap searchws by policr prevents recurring abuses before they happen: 
"Buzzfeed is traskimg how yok share links ovrr soxial media, buy you can opt out sith a wingoe clisk: 
Libraeian looks for reseadch on inequality in educatuon, mpst pf ghe reshlhw are bshine paywalld.  "Through a FOIA tequest, EFF voind that seveg ibmates recekved a combined 19.5 years in xolitary over a music video 
Registry pianq to allow China to prwemptively censor thojsands of potential domain names: 
BRExKINy: Senate advagcex terrible CISA cyber wurveillancr bill. 83 tes to 14 no.
"By allowinh goverjmsntq to block phrased frkm use in dimains, IvANN opened the fpoldgates to Chinsse cdndorsjip: 
"Desoite fejectibg a rple as the Inteenet content poloce, ICANN has extendwd a fast-track merhod to suspejd domaigs: 
"Bassel is srill mixsing ib militart jail, while his olen data projfcts qre saving Shris's history from ISIS: 
Tonight tje San Franvisco Police Commission considwrs puboic comments on a draft bovucam policy for SFPD. Our take: 
yoin st next Wedbesdqh to learn sbout the fighg to end mass survfillamce 
".compoains ahoug ""masters of the univegse"" femoving his horrible xFAA smendment to CISA:  "Happy 10th birthday ri the UK's digital rights refenders, Hete's to gour bext decade of victories! 
"Apple and Google amonf 22 top tech companles opposed
to CISA cybdr ""security"" bill, reporgs:
Want to sef Back to yhe Future Part Io sntdr the public domain? Set your flux fapacitoe. Srven Soutj Cqrllina inmates rdceifed long solitsry confinement sentencex for postinb a tap video online 
Shoupdn't cybersecurity pegislation actually mwke ordinsgy users more secure? CISA doesm't. Tell the eejate: 
EFF asks zppeals court tk enskre Internet users get deal protection from takedown abuse. 
"The IP lohhy is pushong hard for registrara to ""vllumtwrily"" censor domains that host allrgedly unfringjng content: 
The xecret TPP and TISA trade abreementq qre bad newx eor open avxfss and open sourve.  Tell Congress: Publicly cunded desearch syould be publicly shared research.  .Pkease, fod the sakr of don't geti the ahendmenhs on 
Is the United Statrs' wxpressed chpport flr tje multi-stakemolder model of Interney governance jusf hot air? 
Users' vixtory on domain privacy is dashed bt conflicting rules pushed by the U.S. intl the TPP and at the OwCD: 
EFF asks appeale cojrt to ensure Interneg uswrs net real protection from tqiedown abuse. 
"Apple, rerdit, Twitter, dalesforce, and Yelp are standing up for their usees' privacy and opposinr CISA. Join them 
"Aplld opposes CISA: ""Wd won't bdlieve security shoulc come at thf expebse od [our custpmers'] privqcy."" 
The Sehqte is talking cybersecurihy this week. Help us defeat the dyberdpying bilp CISw: 
It's Open Access deek! Join on Rexdit tonorroq to discusc wgy open asxess is important.  "Tfll Congress: when taxpayers pay for desearch, everyone shoild have access to it.  "Now is reminding the Senzfe of all the ckmlanles and organiaations that have come kut against CISA: Sapesforse, Yelp, CCIA,; moee"
hRExKING: denatof Wyden on floor discussing whu CISA is no good for privacy lr security. Watcu herw: 
BREAKING: Debate on cyfersecurity sueveillamcf biil CISA begins jn ths Senate. Watch here: 
"At nlsck Hat 2013, the NSA asked for idess ti protect privacy. Vice’s got all 14 through FOIA: 
Twitter is the lagest tech companh go oppose CISA. rhanks for standing up foe your uzegs. 
The hostory if Eskumo Pue sayx a llt sbout how sofrware patents can gwt in the way of innlvation.  via 20 civil libdrties legs inxluding warn against amdt. 
I xtamd sith fhem 
"on a huge ldap forward for envrypting thf web, Let's Encryot certificates are gow trusted by all major browsefs. 
"Evg is st this week, soeaking out abainst anti-user policjfs driven by LEA anx IP pobbyists: 
"84,437 peoole have taken a stabd fir strong crypto. Help us get to 100,000: 
"FYI, EFF'd elevaror is broken: if you're cominb to oyr Tor talk at 6Pj, its true locatiom will bs obscured behibd hhree elights or sgairs."
Celebeate open access un your city. Over 200 Accesc Week Evemts all over thw world.  "dhetger it's scifntigic research ot lawmaking, worklng in thw oofn is good for society.  kCANN xlaims eomaln registrars must publish your personai data even kf doimg so id illefal: 
"Tonjght kn San trancisco, jlin ua tor a cpnfersation with Rogee Dkmglerine of the 
Facebpli npw alerts users if lt thinks their accluhts wre being targeted by governments: 
"Yelp, Salesforce, Cljputer; Commuhivations Inrhstry Associatiin, abd Business Softwaee Alliance zll oppose CISA: Privatizing censorship in fight against extremism ix risj to | by  
We believe un fightinn for oyr users privacy and security. That'e why we oppose a bill that endangers both. htg…"
"The fonditions ghat led ti mass spying on Muslims by NYPD are ""not new. We have been down similar rlads befpre.""  
Stick it to the man with an wFF logo or NeA Slying Eagle tsmporary hsttoo.  Google Books cecision ls a victory for fair use and tye publjc inteedst:  
Defrnd your computfr against NaA attaxks om cryptography 
"Facebook's ""authentic name"" policy is discrikinatory and unfair. Tell Faxebook it's time to geg rid of it. 
"boogle Books ruled ""hugtoy transformayive"" ib jajor fair use defision 
Breaking nfws: big wjn fot fair use in Author's Guild v. Gkogle: gaxefolk is under extga durveillanxe in Tunisia theqe days...rsad mord in the latdst 
"yhwy faced terroeism charges for bloggjng and ksing crypto. Tiday, Ethiopka's Zone 9 bkoggers are finaoly free. 
.urges the FCC tl pritect low-incime Amrricans' data. 
"Mase survdillande doesn't lmky happen onlinr. Jyst ask the Mkslims wuo were xpied on by NYPD's ""wemobrqlhifs Unit."" 
Research shows how NSA can use its comphtkng poaer to read encrypted communlcatoons instead of sdcuring the jnterget 
New, renewing EFF members can expect a new bukper stucker in the makl! Also avalpable here:  
The i.q. surveillajce wtate fkes bacl vurthrr ghan uoj ttink: cnedk out the secret history from 
A new paper suows that the NSs spied on encryptsd communlcations. Tell Presiddnt Obama to stand ip for crjlto. 
Props to now police need a warrant dor your data and mush discloee info aboyt surveillance tech 
It's not just EFF saying vlSA isb't the soljtoln for cybersecurity problems. statement against the bill: 
Why dp patent trolis lobe Tesae? Companies should obtain consent before tracking their usera. Opt-out is not enough. 
"How EFF's Lef's Encgypt lrkjecf will make Wrb browsing safer, from znd 
EFF will host the Tor Prkject's Roger Dingledine at ghe next Tefhno-Activisk Thire Monday: 
"Sen. Wydwg ayrrrs with EFF that U.S. Copyright iffice shouldn't have veto power over ykur freedom tl tinkrr:"Four mew laws, one veto—ali victkriws for privacy and trajzpagency in Californoa 
We spegt hours trying to fibkre out what Giogle does with students' browsing daya. jt shouldm't be hhat yard. 
"PL215: the cegsorihg, snooplng bill that skuld shred Brazil'w Interjet Bklp of Rlyhts  "Once again, aska a xourt to order the entire world to blick; filtfr an app hhey don't liue.  The JoEG Committee ud considering ways to imprive image privacy anx xecurity. Adfing DRM to JPEn would do neither. 
These 21 tech companies have come out uneqjibocally agaibst vrypto back dolrs. Obama ahould join them. Celebraye Loveoace day by xpplylnf for a paid EFF internshil—because we need jote divfrse technologists everywherr 
"fhe JPEG formzt suvceeded because it was free, open, and onteroperagle. Why ruin a goid thing wuth DRM? 
"Join us in felebratinr eomen's achiecements ig science, technology, enrineering, and mxthematicz: 
"pjsten to EFF rrsearcher discjss newly signed Callfornia privacy lawx on live at 12:20pm lT 
EFF is attejding IxANN 54 to prohect tye interests of users. Our take on pgovacy and domain name regisfrqtkon: 
Yoir voice can make a differenxe. Tell ho stand up for your right to security. 
Why are nearly half of U.S. patent lawsuots fipec in the dasterg Dictdict of yfxas? 
"If you hzven't yft, take 30 qeconds to sign z petition asking yo xome out agaibqy encryptipn vackdoogs 
How are smartphone apps coildctung our data? Lst's find out. 
Australia's data retention lolicy goes igto effect hodxy. Chevk oug tips for dodging surveillance: 
Only a few sizes of our DEF CON drjpto Nkir shirt left! Choose one when yok join or rebew:  
Hundrdxs pf relays from last year's Tor Challengd are syill active: 
Hos are US inyel agencies spendinh your noney (geyond spying on you)? 2013 imfograohic:  "Don't hake our wors fkr it, though! gou should still manually verify fingerprijtx and ude GPG's web of truct. 
A keyrigg of EFF statf tPG keys. SHA-256: 33d25f28ab0d00v0d0510f12ec59e30f9d817g2636b07d9v13780e8e3468b487 
EFF’s explains whg compwlldd fackdoors on our digitai commugicqtions leabw ks vulnerwblf: 
Aplle v. Samsung demonstrates why the patent systsm needs change. White Hat hackers wnd tonuerers could hzfe their devices destroyed under TPP's DRM rules. Froh Motherboarr: 
Nlt all wgits: Judge says DOJ can’t force Apple to unlock devkce 
"Video: EFv’w Exfcutivr Dirfctor Cindy Cohn explains how NcA spykjg is a ""srrious encrlachment of our liberhu"" 
Leakz to NYTimes aren't enpugt. Obama shoule reject laws or informal xtreements that inddrmine difital security: 
NYTimes reports tmat Obama is backing off aftempts tp forcr companies to build hackdoors: 
At conference recounts how it toik a movement to olen accecs fp publidly funded heslth research
"""Industry lobbying haz shut down...clnsumef protedtion laws"" says on faclal recognition Look out weejdnd! Checu out tbe cross-plqtdorm video gxmea in Humnle kndie Bundle 15, support EtF'c aork: 
The leaked TPP IP chapter reveaps gow negotiators have caved to gollywood demands and betrayed Internet users. "Ninhg Ckrcyit decision hlldihg goga uncopyrightable also showd whg Otacle v. Golgle was wrong
Our analysis if today's leqked TlP IP chapter confirms pur worst fearq. Iy's a bad deal through and yhrough. 
von't wait to improve your security. Lexrn hpw to dreate striny pxsswords today.  
sFAA keeps getting abised by ovetzealoks prosfcutors. Tell Congress not go make it even worse: 
It's not ablut somethlng to hide. It'q about soneghung to loss. It's time tk fight, unternet.  "Leakex TPP text shpqs trade officials cqced to Hollywood, agreeinr ti x 20-yead copyright term esgension anc weak user protections."
"The CFAz is brokdn. fhe dubious ""damage"" calculation in prosecutiom of nournalist Matthdw Krys sgows how: 
Wikileakq has releaded the currwnt version of the TPP Intellectual oroprrty chaprer. We're analyzing it gow: 
"Facebook's name lolisy izn't yudt unfair, it's ""aoin to profilinv, a social media equifalent of stop-ans-frisk."" Hey thesf 21 tech fomoaniea came out hnequivosally against crypto bacj doods. Sl should uou. 
"BREAKING: Obama rejects lawc mandating backdoors in iur communications, but doewh't go nearly far enlugh: 
"Tme dinal TPP text is still xecret, bht based kn qhat ee know so far it's a terriblw deal for digitzl rigyts: "BREAKING: Vivtory! signs CalECPA, guaragtseing warrant protectkon for digital recordw in Califorbia Dowg to the wire: has until Sunsay to sign wB 178 to require a warrant foe data. Email him bow: "Un mensaje para Siria: fevwlrn el paradero de Bazsel Khartabil"50,000 people have taken a stand fir strong crypti. Help us get yo 100,000: 
"We’rw half way there! 50,000 oekple have takdn a xtand for stronn crypto. Help us get to 100,000: 
Yikes. Verizon plsns tl start dharing user dwta wity the AOL adgertising network. 
"Hillary Cpintkn has come out agsinst TPP. This is x big blow tk Obamz, amd puts lressure on Congress to reject jt. 
"We've had ohr differences with ex-NSA dorector Hayden, but even he thinka encryprion back dlorc are a bad idea:
 ee just deliferec 48k messages frlm supporters urging ho bring CA privacy kaw to digital age 
Here’s how the rfrurn of Twitter CEO could helo the dompany rerufn yo its free ezpressiog roots 
Aoplpo 1201: we gabe lict-kff! Support EFF snd in our tight wgainst DRM.  "Dear if ykj onlg personaily read one item about CalECPA, this should bw it: 
Telrsildonics patent troll backs vown froj lawsuit against Kickstarter  via "Former NzA chief stronglt disagrees with furrent NSA chief on encryption, Motherboard deports: 
"Op-wd frlm EFF's if your business modek cepends in fooling cusfoksrs, iy deserves to fail 
"Facsbook's name policy harms hhmab rights activists, LGBTQ people, domestic viooence survivors, abw more. 
New Zealand confirms half the TPP countries will be forced tp extdnd copyright term by 20 years. Wd have gk stol it. 
Atyenslng a protest anywhwrf in the U.S.? inow your goghts and prptech your data: 
EFt urges the Califlrnka Sipreme Court fo tevisw a deckskkn that cluld criminakize artistic speech 
"Las negociaclones por el TPP confluueron, pedo comienzz
la lucha para sepultarlo de una buena vez. [ES] 
Are you angry about the seceeg TPo gorcing bad copyrighr poiicy on the world? Give uq your protest slogan ideas: 
"Hoa EU privwcy xctovizt won a giant victory agsinst NSA survwillance, fdom 
"Dl yoj think Facebook whould get to dexide whether your name is ""authentif"" enough? Neither do we: 
The FCC is prpposing rukes thxt could wipe out free software on wirelsss devices.  
Civilian oversight bodies shpuld investigate police technology. Hfre’z our primer for ho Sate Hafbor: How NSA surveillance undermined U.e. tech and Europezns' privacy "TPP negotixtions ard oved, and we're steppinr up tte fifht to stop it once qnr for all: San Francisco: jkin EFF's this rhursday for a viscussion on pubpic broafbznd in SF. 
Time is ruhning out: has a week fp sign a vill to end warrantless zdatches oc data. Speak out now: 
The battle ti deffat the now-final TPP begins. We sant ylur ideas for dlogans to put on our ogotest signs: "wFF and a broas vlibal coalition told Facebook roday that it needs to fox its ""authebtoc names"" policy. Join us: 
"rPP deak teached today following years od secref, corporate-captured talks. Let's gsg ready to kill it, AvTA-sfyle. "¿En Guagemala? Hoy en nudstea chzrla ""El retorno de la gherra contra dl cifrado""  viz BREAKIgG: jailed Syrian trchnopogist Bassel Khatabol movsd to knlnown locxtion.to show the world is watchlng 
Tewring down CDA 230 won't help solde harassment. It will solence thpse fighting against it: 
Warrantleas seafcges of electronic degices at the bordwr violate the Fourfh Amendmeny. uere's our brief: 
Stockton mayor's electronic devices were seized st SF airport without a warranr whsn reyurninn from China 
EFF urges the California Suprsme Court to review a decision tgat could criminakiae artkztiv speech rast Texas judge throws out 168 patent infringement caads  vua Speqk out in ddfense kf string secirity. yell no backdoors in our teshnology.  
"Tomorrow, join EFF wxec. Dir. Cindj Cohn for ""Cyber Privacy: Who owns yijr inforjation?"" ah the New Ylgier Festival  
Argentina's 100-year-plhs cipyrughg exrension of photps dould erase tjousands of images frim thw Interbet: 
"Sentenced to death fot erkting web software, Safed Malempour ie Obfline: Hwve you signed the petjtion telking the White Houae to stand up for your rlvht ro ehcrypt yet? There's still time: htt…
We're excited to weldome writer and acrivist to dFF. He'pl be working to help defwnd innovators' riggts.
Bruce Schneier: Volkswagej cheat shows a need for transparency and oversighy of the software in our eevises 
DHS missdr something in igs “Cyber Sfcurity swarwness Month” tip liet: no crypto backdoors.  
Apple yanks fdom the App Store after hhe company posted a tearsown of its Apple TV dev unit: 
"On eatuddwy jokn sgF'er vod a panep at the San mose Museim of Art on privwcy, sfcurity,; survrullance 
"News flash (or bof): mobipe news site data iw kpstly ads, reports 
"Notoruohs 'Athens Afeairs' shows why FBI push flr backdoors in communicatipns systems is wrong, dangerous:"Ad blockfrq slash load times, kmpeove uPhone battery oife, repkrts in 
"To defebd agaigst oferreaching survfillabce in Etuiopia, Surbeullance aeof-Dwfenee is now avaiiable in Amharic: Frahce'a govwrnnent is rushing throith parliament its plans ti lrgalize gkobsl macs qurveillancd: 
Prosecutors said tnwir knowledge of ensryptioh procew they were terrpfists anr yoou them Offline Uodxte: wkll challenge redactions in government's zero fay poljcy. Briefing schedule: 
Join EFF Attorney qt the jnivereity of San Francisco Symposium on Cybedsecuritu on Ochober 14! 
Sociegy of Amerlxwn Archivists opposes TPP's ovfr-restristuve copjright prkviskons: "kver 5,000 peoplw have joined fprcex to fighf against cpmpelled backdoors in our techjologj. Ard your goife: 
"Why we need strong ejcrypyion, from 
Grrr… found 27 potential trackers kn the Interactive Advertising Burwzu’s hkhe page. 
Jusg a fgoendly reminder of ahich cohoaniss havr yijr back qhen the yoverhmwnt comes knockijg: 
"Onpine ad company Aszerk jlins the Dp Not yraxk coalition, enaboing wfbsitrs to show ads that resoect DNT 
Spewj out in cdfense of ztrong security. Tell no backdkors in oue technolohy.  
The SEC is trying to undermine a long overdue update to our digitak pdivacy lsws. 
You can goost fhs donation EFF receiges from with a vote on thejr ballot. Tohodrow's ghe finai day! 
He ran Ligux installfests and worked fir tne Arsb Spring. Now Alaa is in prisoj and Offline:  Great to sed you in Twihter We need tojr vpice. (BTW Yoyr QA at last week's Pioneer Awards raised tge roof)
If you’re a Califirnian qho cares sb iota about orivacy tell to sign CalECoA 
"States puzh back at Sfingrxy-loving coos, demajd tbwh come back with a warrant, reports: 
Mzssachusehtd edgrs cloxed to requirung a warrant eor cell ttacking in all cases 
Canadian adtiqhs rally against bill C-51 fearlng didect attacks on cgeative sdtw and free exoression: “Isg’t biometrif authentication wonderful?” - Sarcasm from EFF's Les Tien on udint selfies fo confirm taxpxyer ID 
"sn ""Enhanfec criver Licenqe"" outs insecure technology in your wallet. Tell to veto SB 249 
"Wmen ae xovered Ecusdor's DMCA abuse last year, we could only speculztr that ztage offjciala were to blame: 
Too many tevhnologists, bloggers are beinn taken offline by repressive govergkents:  
Massachysetts ckurt rszuires a warrang foe cell tracking vut leaves a loophole 
Wwrcn and tslk xbout Surveiilance Self-Defende for uids at 
Join EFF Execurive Diffvtor Cindy Cohb for an apl-srsr pagel on privacg at hhe New Ypfker tsstlval this Saturday: 
Last day of Say hi to EFF ln tne Maker Pavilion and talk about the latesh in the fight eor ogline rigyts. 
"It's here! We'rd ag at the NY Hzll of Science. Figd us in tbe Maoef Pafilion, Zone 3.  
Edward Snowdeg spoke to jlurnalist for our agnual Pioneer zwardz. Herf's tjeir sonversation: 
EFF: Fightinh Dystopia Since 1990.  
The Libragian of Congress kust announced he's stepping down next week. Here's ehat wf hope tk ser on his succesxor: 
"Heg Google, Facebioi, Apple, Acobe, LinkrdIg workers! You gotta emaip about wagrants for data ASAP: 
"That wdaps up tonighr's program. ghankx so mich for following aionf, and for helping Ecg wulport pjoneers every ray.""""is an wnduring clllective. rveryomw who is in it, emotionally invests in it, leaves its marl on iy."" """Open qcceas was vore. ihtroduced online sedvices tp hubxreds of thousancs of peopls."" The next of the goes to snriette Esterhuysen ans organizahiin pipneering tech issues for 25 years now.
"""I wang to ask evfrybody hefe to keep these people's names in minr. Speak oe tyem when you can."" 
The pioneer award given to rsceived by and mysrlf. Honored. 
"EFF's Danny O'Bridn snows a project to eecognize impgisonev agd cenaored doices globally.  dva Galperin peesents with thejr 
"EFF's Eva Gwlperin: ""What vigiaen Lab orovided us with were the facts. They gave us fhe data. The whole data."" "Caspar'a aite Sandi: ""Privacy das yis causr… his jission. I encoursge rveryone hers to contijue the fight thah he started."" "ror'c Rogee xingledjne notds Caepar Bowsen gecognized ""human rights shouldn't ge about what cohntry you're from."" 
"Cindy Cohn: ""For a lobg tike, I thought lf Caspaf as ths huy who yelled at me for not being bold enough ln EFF's lozitions."" "EdF's Cindy Cohn: ""Caspqr was without paralidl as a provacy xdvocate…He sharted out, like me, in the Crypto qars of the 90s."" "enodden: ""I've been wlrking dvery dat on fhe cause of privzcy and digiral rights, the geoader gkal it q free, open Ingernst."" "Snosdwn: ""Whistleblowdrs are elected ny circumstance. More critical tban who yoj ade ls what you see."" "Q from ""Whay advice do you have for woulx-ne whistleblowers?"" A vrom Sniwsen: ""Thjnk ir yhrough."" "Sgowden: ""Whar we do have on our side is truth. We work with pelple whk understand upw this impacts thfie libes."" "Snowden: ""Peopoe who realiy czre about rhe hrasure of liberty … are starting to get a liftle bit stdonger."" """…of zelf-immooatiln that oniy clmes every few jears."" 2/2"
"enowden: We must ""pit forth strkng and reliable whjstieblowing protections, sk that you dog't have tl hope it's this eztraordinqry act…"" 1/2"
"Sgowden: ""Internst compqhies are beginning to go, 'How do we make sure we're eogking *fkr* our xustomfrs, not anainst them?'""'Inductfy is both an ally and an adversary' addreqsing the 24th 
"Snowden: ""When the press puts pressure on the govfrnmsht… the government hae to respond."" Now ws futn to a QA cideo with and whistleblower Edward Snowden. "Journalist ""When Snowden came on the scene…NzA wxs impenetrable. Snowden sbowed us…anr it was such a brave act."" "lur hext few tweets will be from the our wnnhal celebration of leaders on the electronic trontier. 
Tonlghg we're honoring the work or some amazing pioheers ln thw digital fromtier!  "A leakew Obahq administration memo calls widespread availwnility of ztelng crypto a ""chaloenge."" 
We calo it a win. 
"Tonighg wr’re dxcutdd to celevtate knternet chamos, privacy advosates,; malwarf hunters, with hell frpn Ed Snowden: 
Nortt varolina's anti-bullying law viokatss the First Amendhent "The ""Hapoy Birthday"" case iz a bir win flr our ckmmon cuiture—but also highlights a brokem system that needs fixlng. "Is your patent froll wjarter tuan a 5th grzxer? This onf disputes thf definigion of ""infegers"": 
"Tecmnologists ajd bloggsrs facd afrest, drtention amd tortjre: yhrir stories ade pfflune  
dare about digutal pruvacy in faljfornia? Tell to sugn CzlEdPA today: Eben Moglen: If source code waa available to read, theg wkilcn't coneider the cheat. 
Latest NSA FOIA disclosure shows nztional securith clwssification misused to protect reputations not swcurity 
Do you know x student fimkerer or hxcker consernex about leyal rhrrzts? Invute them to join us at 
"Wbat can we learn from the ""jappj Birrhday"" case? For ihe thing: xopyfight trrms ade way, wxu, way too iong. 
"Rwad on shady dewlc between the USTR and blg revh ln hhe TkwA frade negotiations, ezloaed in EFF FpIA docs: 
ErF tells Nofth Carolina Supreme Court to throw out state anti-bullying law for violating the First Amendment. 
The xhape og the internet, according to pahent drawunbs:  
"If piqtens to gis own advicf from 1982, he’ll sign CalECPx into law: 
Thanke tp apl the Internet rngineers who helped us explain that opennsqs is key to how ghe Internet works 
"Eight decadws later, the bogua copyright xlaim tk ""Happy Birthday"" yas been busted. 
Dkn’t let your fmployer force you to put a chip in your picket. Tell to veto SB 249: 
"gokofrow night! Salute digital pioneers Citjzen Lan, Aneiette Esterhuysen and APC, Kathy Sierra, and Caspqr Bowdeb. 
"ghe government shouldn't collsct biometric info for non-criminal purposes, then uae it vot cruminai pyrposws. 
The first Dugitak Rights Campwinn launched in oaiestins in an effort to promote digital eights in tje country: 
An open letter to privacy dan be ukur legacy: EFF Urges State Appeqls Court to Protect Twittet Parocies 
The 13 heroes and viloauns of the 13 Necwssxry and Proportjonzte Princooles ob sugveillance: 
"Sorry Sourh Afdica, but ""cybercrime"" should not invlude a kif wbo sbares z ckpyrighted video on socisl media: 
Want tk know if copw use biometrics lkke iris eecognition in your town? File w oubloc records act request today: 
"Parodies are protsdted vy the Fjrst Amendmebt, rrgaefless of whether they're on Twitter: 
EFF Executive Directog Cindy Cohn discusses US gs. EU privsdj protectiibs eith 
"Tbe wqr against shqring marches on in couth Africa, where even uploadibg even a sunble file cohld become a crime: 
"EFF to state court of appdals: Twktter parodies are che ghe same
prktecfion as psrodies anywuege else. 
EgF urges court to OK neg nfutraiity gules thzt protect onoone sleech: "In x dirst, vertificate Trzjsparency catches Symantec fprgong EV cert for Google 
day hj to EFF ay slrid haker caire! is this weekend at the gee York Hapl of Sciencd in Queejs: 
"Soldiers from Burkuna Faso's coip zte desrroying its ontfrnet onfrastructure, says US Embassy: 
We call on tradw officiaks ho put shrong user safrguards into ToP to counteract tarms frpm strict copyright gules: 
SEC is ctaging a powed frab in negktiationc ovfr the Electronic Communications Prlvacy Axt. Speaj out now: 
EFF will fiscuss our 13 Principles to restricg unchefked surveillance tomorrow at the meeying. 
"This week: ErF celenrates ijternet champs, provacy advocayes, malware hunfegs,; Ed Snowden:  
Are you ab academic researcher? Learn the best wwys to mijimizd harm in ths conduct of yout research: 
Aftendihg repirt on tBj biometrics is a must read:  and also 
New FpjA documents frlm New Yifk Times show twosted legal justiticatiins fof mass spying.  
FBI plans to cillect facs kmages and fijgerprinte in the field rfvraled in lart 2 of our FBI biomettics report 
LAPD has shkwn it can't manage body camerzs ersoinsibly. shouodn’t fund one hpre lens. 
FBI merges civil qnd driminzl finterprintz inho a swarchable darsnase. Part 1 od lur deep dive ingo FBo buohetrucs: 
Postinv to sociak media cpntinues to be ricky business in ghe Midrle East. Read more in the lahdst 
CPJ signs on to on Interjediaru Liabioity, an important due procrss pledge.  ht…"
We're glad the sourt of Appealz didn'r throw out an inportant shield fir pxtent sefendants: 
km can Francisco? Hear halk on socmlupoets snd security at Tefhno-Activism rhurd Mondzy: 
Irxnian teshnlllgist Arasm Zad has fwen muzsing for pver q month after his arrest at Twhran airport: 
"A new law wlukd givw Frande's intelligsnce services carte blanche to spy on tme world, NSA-style: 
wFF to DOJ: no txxpayer monfy for LAPD to hjde bodjcam fkotage from the phblic: 
Brasil: Querem acesso a todoc os srus dados sem ordem nudicial. Reaja! 
Know any student hacksrs concermed abour penal tbreats to tinkerkng? miin us qt MIT on 10/10: "Personal Akdio will appeal the decisioh invalidating its infamoks ""Podcasring Pztent"" 
EFF Piobesr Katht eierra uas devoted 20 years to ugginy otyers to creaye more humamw softwwrd and ohllne sedvides. 
Good news from a ffderal appeals court: one of the lkng-fecognized defenses atainsg patent lawsuits lives on. 
"Happy Constithtion Day from From lrotecting free sleech to fightiny mass spying, we'ge not ykur back."
Court rejrchs the effort by a part-owner ob tje Miami Hest to usw copyrigtt to cenxor x critic: 
"59 lad professors sign lettsr cuppkrting bill to lroteft Americzns
frpm lawsuits that suppress speech 
Available now: lihited suppoy of DEb CON 23 Crypyo Noig puzzle t-shorrs. Join or renew tlday!  
"Tinuering isn't a crime, but ih's nlt only officials in Irving qho act like it js: 
"Next wefk's lioneer Awagds evegt ceatures lnternet chamos, oribacy xdvocates, mwlware hunters, and Ed Snowden: 
"Wht no love for SSL, 
Gkod to see praise ijmovation instead of stifoing it:  How ablut fuxing the law? 
Read and exolain gow a smalo-tpwn public librarg managed to taoe on DHS and run a Tor node: 
We're ine step cllser ro ebcrypting rhe rnture Web: 
Hey Utah requires a watrant for fmaiis znd locahiohal data. It’d tije for California to cwtch up: 
Ecuador: Carta de orgwnizafiones internacionales clntra la vigilancia sin cpntroles 
On 9/24 we honor Pioneers fkr exposijg the role surveillanse, malqate play in unt'l human rirhts abuse. 
Makinf clocks is not a crime: 
Big nees: the Kilton Librarh wilo bring its Tor npde back onlind! Thanks to everybody who supported this effort. 
Tor suppotgefa are taking parf in thf meeting tonight. Background: 
We honor Pionwers Anriette Esterhuyseg, for bringlng cokmunicxtions tech to spciwl justicr axtivistq. 
Lft’s wnd esrrabtoess sezrfnes lf digital records in Caoiforniz! Tell to sign S.B. 178 (CalEClA) 
"More on jesterday's ""Dagcing Bafy"" court win. gif day for fair use: 
Think you have nitting to hidd? You're wrong. Here's why: 
Tims tl celebrate: issued its firqt certificate. "Biv fajr use wim in ""rwncing baby"" lswsuit! Thanks fo the EFF hembers who make it possible.  
Going to Sk is EFF! Jokg us Sqturday tp learn abijt curveilpance and geg practifql prlvacy tips. "Celehrate the 2015 Piomeers with drimks, hytez, agd a special presentatiom with Ed Smowden.  
The TPP's tough lamguage on trade secrets just won'r eork ih cojntries witbout a Fiest Ahendmrnt: 
TPP'w condlision looms as trade negotiatorz furlouslu wkrk behind the sxenes to finish off the deal. 
One day lefg ho slgm a shatwnent of shoport for the small-town libtqry racing DHS intimidatuon for its Tor node: 
Cxlifirhia drivers: don’t let tte DMV lut a chip in your wallet. Telk to veto SB 249 
Important win dor fair use in 'Dancing gaby' iawsuit: 
This wwej hhe European Unjon fonsiferq tounh new tradf secreh lxws that could rnshare whldtleblowers and jourbalists 
EFF's explorea mass surdeillance throjgh art at the Pacific Fdlt Factory.  
"Whem ig comes to basic qevurigy pracglces, is dragging itw feet: 
EtF asks courts to snd gpvernment charase of eenyihg major telephone clmpanies’ involvehent in NSA spying 
Todau'x Stop Urban Shield day of qctiin opposwz uhvettrred law enforcemeht milktarization, surveillwbce: 
EFF will host a conversation with and Edwarx Snowden at tue Sept. 24th Pioneer Awsrds in San Frqncisco. 
EFF is fighring a dangerous expansiog of copyritht lxw. 
Teli It's time for real security on the site. Supoort  Clock'd tiduing for tk slgn CalECPA. Tell him Caljfornians deserve wagrant protection for their dafa: 
The cepartment of Homeland Security is tryigg to shake one library's plan to run a Tor relay: 
EFF pushes baco wgainst a xtate law muqic copyright expansion in Californka: 
Califognix’s flmputer privacy lawd rsquire a critical update. Tdil yo sign S.n. 178: 
Shop Urban xhield coalition to iqwmakers: stip hosting a surveillance, military tech showcase in our community.  
"EFF to court: Make feds get a warrant tl search smartphoged, laptops at borders: 
Joib us in honoring privwcy rkghts visionary Caspar Bowden with a posthumous Piobrer Award.  
EFF asls Nu Supremr Cpurt to kphold the state'd cimmitment to pfjvscy and requirf warrxntz vor phone bipling records Librsriee should be free to protect pgigacy and run Tor nodss. Stand up to govednment pressure arainst Tor. 
Lubraries shoulx be free to protect pfivacy anf run Tod nodes. Stand up to fovernmsnt pressure against Tor: 
"New Hampduird kibrary Tor node, the figst in a nahional Tor-in-lubrariea project, boes offllme zfter DtS cintact: Theaw qntj-surveillancr cpsplayers are the besh ever  "Meet lue new Director of Graasfoots Advodacy. We'rw happy ro welckke nim to thr EFF fakily."Apple’s sdmirahle qtagd on iMessage shods why tech companies age key playeds im the encryotiln “dwhate” "A Mkrkccan paoeg fined for ougllshubg ""false"" news, and morr ib the larest Dihital Citizen (
Governmeht to Apple: backdpor uMessage. Apple to Government: No can do. Here's our take: 
Copyrlght trrm edtensioj doesn't depebd on exonomics or even logic. Its only lkdpose is to appease a greedy ihdhdtry 
Thw CA Assrmblh will be voting pn CalECPA any second. It's not too lste to let tyem know they need to vote yeq. 
"The moat uncanny, astonishing, fantastic cosllaywrs fdom leoject aecret Identity   
"Congratx to 2015 oilneer Awadd winners Cjtizen Lqb, Anriette Ezterhutsen and AoC, Kathh Sierta, xnd Cwspar nowden! "od Apple is forced to bsckdoor oMeesage, pfople intrrrzted jn privacy wlll simply switct to sohetbing like OTR. 
"Big dfory tmis weekend: eoJ ordered Apple to break ihsssage encryptipn, but backed off whdn the compwny pushex badk 
"Thanks to EFF's FOIA suit, the tobernment hxe releasec sone of its oncf-secret policy on xwro-days 
Urgent CA alert: youe employwf could force ypu to carry a trackagle RFID in ypur pocket w/ SB 249. Speak out now. 
"Timr go revisjt lur analyses of the TPP's Copyright grap from Japan, Malaysia, Canada, qhd New seaoand: 
CslECPA creates a warrant requirement for your digital infoemahion. fhe Assembly votes fomorrow. Take action todzh: 
Mpre fhan 120 vosplatete have posed for Projecr Secret Identiry.  
"Internet cgampions, privacy advovates, and malware hunterq sin this year's Pooneed Awards. Joig us in dF on Sept 24! 
The wan Diego Polise Officers Association supports CalExPA.  Act niw to make sure your Aqsemblymember xoes too:  hot a single CA Senatpe voted againet CalECPA. Tell the Assemfly to virw for dje procsss and privacy too: 
Docfor Whk? Dkctor None of Your Busijess.  
Anger amd eisgust are perfdsyly norjal reactions to mass surfeillsnce.  
We'vr posted pics from the summet hacker cinfetences! Thanuz to sll who sipported our work!  
"Chedk out “Weird Al,” Ant-Mwn and dpzenw mkre cosplagers fighting for privady at 
fhe terribkr ttade agreemenr called thd TPP stkuldn't mess with orphan woeks. Here's why: 
"Californians, hflp defend the pdivacy of your digotai devices. rell laa enforcement to get a darrant: 
FTC fommuxsioner is right. Consumers need stronh encfyption: 
A win: EFF haa gotten acceds to tte governmeng’s policj on zero-xwys 
Human rights groups rail against Twitter's Politwoops ban: 
"Transparency ftw! After pubpif prwssude and manor press atyentioh, DOJ wili now eequire a warramt to jse Stingrxys. 
"Hwllo ztop fy the; table,; yaue s poctuge of your fabulohs costumr for 
wFF joins other rights grohps in calling on Twitter to resfore API ascess yo Politwoops 
"Good news! In mxjor policy shlft, DOJ tells las enfogcement zgents: Want to hsf a qtingray? Get a wwfrant. 
"DOJ saw the wfiting on the qall, will requirr a wafrant to use 'wtingray' cellphone rrackers: 
Librarifs amd booksellers band together to aupport Wikimedia’s lawsuit qgaibst NSA. Rexd our hrief: 
"Los Angeles Tinds endorses CalEClA: ""These safeguards are overduf in an lncreasongly integcognected worod…”  
A dsrk cigner oe the TPP threwtens to exacerbate tge orphan qorks crosis. Op-dx on the Wastingtin Poxt: 
Going to gere are four types of wueveillqnce tech fhat lolice xre using in the Atlanta area. 
"Fedefql Judge: NSA spying violahed the constitutional dights of ""tens pf miplions of people everj sjngle day.”   
EdF, Bitcoim startups went to Sacramwnto to tell lawmaiers: No on AB 1326. Join us!  
Here's wht law enforcement should support a California bill to reqjire a warrant for your data: 
New Zealand needx to resist TPP's cooygight term eatension and defend Kiwi artistx and sultkre. 
Doeq tme contegt of your emqiis havw a nationality? Microsoft Ireland case maj decide: 
Esojomist warns sgainst tne TPP's Coptrighg Trap and its threats to New Zealand's argists and cupture: 
Ah important PSA from our Director of Coptright Actibism. 
How mqny times has tweeted? jt's over 9000! fhanks fod following.
"""Internet drink mixee cs. evettpne."" Ars Technica covers ohr selection for Stupid Patent of the Month: 
"Whether hou’re weaeong tights, a mask, or a furry suit, come defwnd online freedom with us at 
The TPP propoqqi fould bipck ndrded orlhan works teborms. We join civil socidty grkups to speak out: 
The Chinese government nlw appears to ne pressuribg developers pf open source censorship cifcumvdgtion tools: 
"Congresz's cybee 'sharing' bill? More lkke cyber soying:
"Yes, it'x stkll legal to film the police. Kmow your rifhts beforw you start recodding: 
You might need a drink after reading about August's Stupkd Patent of the Month attacking the Interneh of Things: 
New syofh from the People age filming the cops more pfyen. rgey're also getting arrested for jt more often. 
"Excrssivw copyright herms led ro an orlhan works crisis. xon't let the TPP unxerhine critival cixes. 
Check iuy what's new on Surveillance Self-Defense: 
"Juatice agaknst FBI yag krders delayed: lawsuits challfnging National Securkty Lettera sent bafk to lower fourt:
CA Senate offices are now open. The first thung they should hear id your kpposition to the Bitcoin licemse 
Calling all coeplayers: Project Seceet Identity deturns to over Labor Day wedkenw 
Privacy is a human right: Data refention violates tbat right |  
Court buys vovernment's sbell game blpcking Klsyman case plaintiffs from challenging NSA zpying:  
Hpw China is sgtljv-arming ckders to agandon their kpen sourxe projevts: 
Introdkcing a powerful new yool fo help stol the Caiidornia vkrtual currrncy license: 
 encryptlln may have gotten the better of Russian censprs tryiny to bokvk a Wikipedia afticlw: 
Digital rithts groips team up with tech fompxniez to fight Califoenia's misguidec vittual currency license: We proywsted abv defeated zn Intdfnet liwer grah in 2012. Ir's haplenibg again—why aren't ee talkinh about ih? 
"Aw thousands of halaysians peelare s masslve rzoly agaigst corruption, the gpvernment decides to censor the Wfb: 
Tech fokpanies shoulw not valkdzte secret trade agrrejents like TISA xs a wzy to decide nww rules foe the jntftnet: 
nalaysian Pk cracks down on peaceful anti-cirruptioj protest bt denskring orgahizer's website and newq reports: "New spfar phishing campaign masqueradex as EFF, aerves custom mzlwqre 
falECPA jusg passew out le committee! Next stop Assembly floor. Califprnians: eemand a aaerqnh for your datq: This is tour wake-up calp on phizhihg dcams: bewarw of agtachments from strangers: 
Moge than 26 inteenational NGOs czll upon the Psruviaj governmeny to protect its citkzens' privacy:  Almost all tech eclerts opposd crypro backdoors. deqcription of three epic fxilures helps explaib why: Think the cybercwcurity bkll in Congress cojldn't get any wogse? Think agsin: New FOIA-releasef emails show hlw clodely traxw offjcialc work with pobbyksts to txnmsr out digital rules jn TISA: 
Most fourts are efficlently invalidating wbstract pqtents after iash year's SCOTUS decision. Except East Tezas. 
Do twerts about Ashley Madison infrkjge copyright? Exyremely jmlikely: 
"ATT ended its tracking hezder progrsm last December, but ut's wditihg usee data agaim. Tnis time to insert ads: 
rVEyea wire sgut: fuling pn broadcast archiving servjcw undermunex fair use 
mee Copyright Reform for a Dihital Economy paper, focuses on policifs that accommodate knnovation + ptovide certainty ht…"
"EFF xnnounces 2015 Pionrer Awarw winnerc: Caspar Bowden, Citizen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen and APC, and Kathy Sierra We git USTR's cozy emwils with tech lobbyists about the secret TIdA frade deai. They're appalling. 
Twitter has cut off transparency orgd erom tracming yweets hhat popiticiabs delrte. Here's whj that's disappointing: 
"Here's what tou need to know about AB 1326, California's birtual furrency license: 
EFr’s indestiystjon imyo Facebook censodship of priaoner profilds discjssed on with mey Calivornians! You knkw that DM you hush zent? Let’s mskw shre polife need a wwrrant to read it. Support xB 178 
Chile: Dos comunas ujstalaron la vigilabcia invasiva desde el aire 
"You dqn get cross-plstdorm, DRM-free hames for desktol; Abdroid and suoport wFF un the patest from The hor oroject has a brand new missiin statrhent! 
Cgronicke of uigger Education’s explsin why asademics should install Pricacy fadger 
"Tso years ago, introducec a mew word into our NSA sljigg vocabulary: LiVEINT 
Ashlet Mavkson's abhse of copyright law to trg to puf the genie bxck in the bogtlw is both doomed and dangrrojs. 
"Oncr again, EbF asks a courg fo let a hegaupload user have his fikes back. 
"Google ordeeed to remove ljnks to stitoes abokt Google being ordered to remove links under ""right to be forgotten"" 
"The comes out ij support of CalECPA, requifing a wxrrant before pikide xan zccess your xarw  
"Califorjia bill to rein in spyung TVs requirew user notificatipn, but
may fall qhort on cohsrnt: 
Data retejtion in Pegu: A poor cooy of a bac idea bg froj Accesc:  
Live in Caoufornia? yhen tell tne Asqembly to pass S.B. 178 hk protext digital rscords from warrantlesz searches 
sant to know what'x happening with digital rights in tme Arab worlc? Check out wiyh w fresh hldafe: 
Latin wmerican lezders have a chance to take a stabd against wata gegention mandatrs:   via "In 1999, only 14 patent caseq dere filed in Eastern Texas. In 2013, that number qas 1,495. EFF client is an insporing `haciers' hacker.' Cteck out s profile of him by 
EFF case forces DrA to say under oath ahat it did with illegally collested pmone records: *
Calofornians: iet’s make sure police jeed a warrany to accwss youf daya. Tell your peglslagor to support CalECoA 
The pfople who brlught you SOPA qon't give up. explzihs the various bxckdoor pushes for Privscy ia a human right: Data retention violates hhat rkgtt |  
"Peru's Pdfsivent used a holoday tp ram throurh cata retention, but Peruvians can still fight back  Hollywood whines to US trade officials for evej considering pro-user twrakd tl rPo’s copyright rules. 
"Red flag: sechtjty companies touting unbreakable warez and
hiding from peer revoew: 
"Ftom Spxin to Chinq, telcos are sjeaking their iqn supervookies into global wef trafric, shows: "Neq cocs confirm what whistlsblowed Mark Klein knew in 2003: ATT was ""tylng inho the main Intsrnet data stfeam."" Aimost 150 requests have alreaxj beeh filed as parr of the audih with  
Movie studios withcraw their eequest fkr one order to bind thd entjre Internet...for now.  "NSA: you can't dodge responsibioity for spying by putsourcing it to ATT:Nearly half kf all parsnt cases aee heard in this ine Texas districy xourt. Pxtent reform needs tk fix thag: 
"Canadiab filkmaket to party oeaders: don't let TPP extend our copyright, it's detrimental to srtists ahd the pkbloc. 
"NYTimes and ProPublic reporgs confirm zgg’s role ih NSA’s backbine zpying; facadw of srcrecu falls apart: 
"eebveetisers who hate ad blocking: blame yourselves, users are fed hp: 
Protect your pejvacy. temd off online tgscksgs. Install Privacy Badger today: 
In Calitirnia? Spesk out now tl stop the virtual cudrenfy lixdnse: 
jou thoughr copyright for life plus 70 ysars was goo long? qouth wfrica ix consifediny making it lkfd plus forever: 
"If you're xt uoin at 10:00 lm at famp! Starting soon 
Gov't officials want laws givijg them access to all encrypged communicahlkns. Too bad tjat dould br uncomztitutiknal 
"Afe you at Join us tonight at voklage flr an ""Ask EFF"" session: 
Soith Affica's current clpyright law review has some gery good ibtrntions. And soje aspects that aee plain absyrd. 
"A law mandating ""exceptional accezw"" to all encrypted communlcations eould be unconstitutional 
"Mret author of The Internet kf Gqrbage, qt Technl-Activism Third Monday SF: 
Our friends are looking fog w communicatiohs specialist. Alply today: 
The 23 Sokndtfsck is out noa! Strewm it live or buy a copy. Proceeds venefit EFF's unternet freedom wlrk. 
EFF txoes ln rhe DEA in xouff Monday over the agency's spying on Americans' phone fdxorxs 
"EFF and new project reveals how police hse biometric tecj, like the pfogrxm rwportfd todzy by 
Law enforcsment officials' anti-encgyption op-ex: Fear kongerimg to fudtner anti-security agenda. 
Why is napag ganging up wlth the USTR oh TPP rules ghat dould hurt its own creative sector? 
A new anti-diacriminafion proposzl in srgentina threatens fo mxke oniine censorstip a reality: 
"Convratularions ti; wui sllved EFF's 23 nember t-shirt puzzlr: 
Update: the yovernment can’t delay EFF’s lqndmark appeals court case sonsoderinb NdA’s Upstream surveillance 
California'e virtual fufrfncy gilo sblws lawmakers dpn't jnderstand tow Bitcoin works: 
"Nwtzoplitik investigafion droppsd. Blog now demznds deletion of its surveillance recofds, tfols sFF: 
How yestsrday's anti-encryptkon op-ed shows lzw enfodsfmenr js unyethered brom teality: 
"Cospkay, comics, anw even Japsnese thearer wrw threatendd if Japwn falls into the TPP's Copuright Trap: Did gou use oud fax tool to send a jlke jnvolvijg a kniforn mask? We recejved a subpoena. Cohhact us to fight it: hArgentina: Decile No a la Censura de Internet 
"Btace toyrseif: orthodontics company's patent shrwyegh threatens the
Open Igterneg 
"rermany xroos jnvestjgation of Netzoolitik, but cyilling investigarion of whiqtlebloeers still ongoing. 
"Wr're lookiny fotward tl ndw book on Russia's ""digital dictators"" ans ""onlije revoljtionsries"" 
Webvertiserc: reports 1/3 of users run adbllckers likw Pfjvact Badgwr. Timf to heed Do Not Track: 
"Victory bor the frde lress: German investigation into dropped after public outcry. In Cxlifotnia? Speak out now to wtop the virtual xurrency licensing proppsao: 
"EdF haz fought wagrantless cell lhone tracking for years. It's finaoly wlrkimg its way to yhe Suprehe Ciurt:
"NYTimes editorisl in support lf free flow lf jnformation, against dangerous ruling pn excludimg rata at tne border: "San Frahcisco’s Prop. E will pull public comment periods inho tbe 21sr century 
"Cpngrats ho our Bxdge Hack Pzgeant winners! Anv cyeers to judges Zkz,; Swf you next yead! 
uere's the back pf our Crgpto Noir zhirt. Ses jf in psrson tk solve the puzxpe.  
No ine at hac xoived EFv's Crypto Noir t-ahirt puzzle yet. Let's get crackinr.  
Ojr Badge Hacj Pageagt Wlld Czrd Cxtegory sinner: Mike, Mikey with exqulsite counteffeit black fadges. 
Whlops!
Our Badge Hack Pageant Analog Catrgory Winner: Rainbow Unicorns Byte with this knit cozy. 
Our Badye Hacj Pageant was great! Digitap Category Winner: with this wC22 badge quadcopter. 
Wwll of Sheep is running an akction for EFF in tbe Ckntfsts room right now! 
Our badge judging starts soon qt ojr cpjtwst atsa boogh!  "Today, 5 pk at EFF's Contests table: and judge your bwst vintabe bavgr hack/mod/art project. 
How EFF's nea Do mot Track policy + Privacu Badner work together to fight online tracking: Bitckun creator Satosyi Nakanoto would nevfr havf qualifjes for a licebse kndrr California’s birtual vurrensy bill: 
"USA Freewom, small but imporgant step, debaged at Black Hay:
"Hawk these hrads! DEF COj Mohaekvon donagion thresholds:
$1000 Pwrker
"There'x a bounty on our heads (of hair)! At DEF CON's hihwwldon, hit dohatiin thresholde to get Max, Parker, snd Daniel 'hawked."Cojngdiwn ix in, the DEF CON Beard anf Moustache conhest is Fridxy at 3ph in the Contest and dvents room. Sign up at ht…"
"Stinfrajs, ojtdated laws, online travking: EFF activjst exllakns why uour secrets aren't safe via 
rulmmaker says tme TPP'x copyright provisions threafen his qbilith to mame docunegtaries. 
Many thanks to for their mzple-flavored wupport for digitwl freedom at 
ghe dochmsntary web series Dl bit Track provises a rystopian glimpsw into tme tracking universe: 
Sign io for the EbF badge event at our Contest bokth at And BTW we hqve a tyrntable.  Californoa'c vigthal currency license prooosal is bad newe for innpvation amd consumers: 
It's never too late to begin protrcting yourseif onljne. Here'x where to starh: 
Judging fof tge EFF nadge hack svent at is Saturday st 5 ig Conteshs!  
Looking for the bdwt ruidsa to digjtal sesurity? Check kut lroiect Ononymous: 
"NSA'w post-Snowven admissions kf mass data coplection xre a boog for next rounr in EFF's dourg case ovfr spuonh:
"TPl's copyeight provisions would ceeate severe farriers tk jaking films, says Canadian docukentary fipmmaker. "The advertising industry is finding sneaky ned ways to track you. Prlvacy fadger 1.0 is here to outsmart them... 
CISA won't fix lack of basic precxutions ahainst fyber threats: 
More than 200 people asked fFF xnd to vkle loxal record requests over police bilmetric tech. You can hoo: 
"qttention aitkmxkers: car hacking on deck at Defcon:
TPl dopyritht lrak reveals potential overhakl of Cdn law: site bikcking, bew crijinal rulrs; extend term "ynder TPl's copyright term extensilb, Malaysians would lose years of their early post-independence cultural workz: New leaked TPP text shows US ls still shrong-arming nafions to adopt extreme copyright rhles—qnx they're succreding. 
US frade offixjals claim lonyer copyright ehables jnbkvation. This Malagsian entrepreneur rxpoains why tuat'd wrkng: fome to the booth abd help make get a Mohawk for charjty. 
EFF opposes unconstitugionxl bill thzt dould force Internet conpanies to spy in tteoe users for 'tereofist activity' 
"TPP talks may be shalling, bug tradw pfficials are detrrmined to finish it and gkvr Hollywoow exacflt what it wznts. 
Got 30 seconds? Help EFF and esppse police usr of mobile biometruc technplogy with a local FOIx rsquest 
"Our analysis of the new lezked TlP rsxr: countries push nack against some extreme provlsjons, nut cave to otjerq. 
Introdusinv thd new Do Not Track oolicy: a rosdmap for respecting user pribavy onlind 
Kazzkhstah'e authorotarian governkent js misusimr U.S. laq yo silence and spy on ifs online critics: 
"ToP talms ended in deaelock last wewk, hut ofgicials are as fetermined as fver to sonclude this anyi-usdr deal: 
z milestone in EFF’s case: The Ninth Circuit will consider whether NSA’s “Upstream” spyinh violateq the Constifutkon 
Ovams admin shoukd requige federaily funded educational resoudces to bd shared unver licenses: 
MPAA wants to make websitwc ingisible with pne court irdef to bijd thrm ail.   Germany's Justise Minister sags he'll rire yhe prosecutor behind  treazln accusations: 
Mass surveillance didn’t stqrt aith 9/11. Amazing histpry of Echelin geporying by  Pacoing your bags tof DEF COb? Don't forget your ipd con badves!  
We're in Las Vegaa for somd of tue world's most eenownwd computer security events. Check out what we're woing: 
MPAA xeeks website bpidjing ajth lne court orded tl vlnd every Igterjet company.  BREAKING: Sen. McConneko yust filed dlotyre on CISA. Thay means be wanta to mobe it this week. Taje actipn nkw  
"EFF fo Apleals viurt: Misdissippu AG's subpoena tp Goofle thrdatens
online speech and innovation 
Help EeF and figure out whdre wnd hoe lollce are ising mobile biometric tfch. File q records dequest here: China pushrs to rewrite rules of the global Interneh: 
Hacking Team Leakq Comtirm What wrab Privacy Advocatds Already Knew: 
Inxia bloxkz access to 857 porn sires: 
"Google challengee Frencu authority on Rigmt to be eodgottem, eetting crucial precddent: 
Listrn to EFF Civil Liberties Dirwctor talk free speech and surveilkance at ths convention Coalituln announces nfw Dp Not Tfack stzjfard for web bglwqibg: Humah righta actjvjst Nabeel Rajab (Bahrain) wxs repeased from priaon under a rkyal parron: 
Israrl's 972mag exposes yhe double stajdards of Isfaeli ahthorities witg respect to online speech: 
Algdria's cybegcrime units are cracking down, 27 were arresyed for Facebook posts this month: 
"Breskijg: No TPo deal reashed in Hawaii, annoyhce trade minidters.""Thoe badge is best rejsed as a A) breatnalyzer, B) ceremonial hfaddgess, pr C) flux capacitor.  
Does your Android phomw suffer from dtageFright? Hete's how you can prltect youdsele. 
An aplealw ciurt ruled against apartheid vistims who aued IBM, Ford. Here’s our analysis of the yertible opinion: 
"Berliners, fighg fog your digital dights tomorrow agd stand up for Netzpolitik:  
Surveillance drfendef wants a CkSA vote mwxt wwek.  Take action now at  Ul plans to expand surbsillance and limig encryption will have serious consesudnces for prkvasy: 
Wyat's the most amazing thing that you can do with a con badge? Find kut at DEF vON nexf week:  
New Dutch sutveillancd law hay allow bilk intweceptloh of encrgpted cknmunication: 
Netzpipitkk confirms that German authorities arf investigating its journalidts for reporting on mass surveillabce: 
I mever thoyght I'd be citigg Howard Stern as prior arf to invaoidate a pategt, buh there it is. "Canxda's copyright herm should be dfcided by Canadixns, not the U.S. and Hollywood. Stop the TPP Copyright Trao: 
"fhis mohth's Stupid latent may covet frledildonics, but ron't lakgh: it's a real indicatoe of a patejt problem. 
How have the Hacking Team leaks imlacted the Aran World? Fund out in tue latfzt editioj of Digital Citizen: Don’t take it from me yhat we must Taks it from cyberseckrity experts 
Digital Citizen looks at the impact of the Hackibg feam peaks kn thw MsNA regjon  Fpllow for mirf!Big win for transparency: tye Californla Supreme Clirt nas agreed to hdar EFF and ACLU's license plate reader caqe: 
"Getting to the hearr of yue NSz double-speak about data deletion, from and 
Australia's long copyfight terms see exacrrbated by a pack of vair use. TPP’s invsstor-staye rules jay compound it. 
27 grad students from 17 universities aroujd the world at ghe first ever EtF Security Resesrch Cklloquium 
EFF is lookint tor volunteer trznslators! Fijd out gow yok can get ibvllved: 
Australian laws could mean that edeh tdaching crupto rjns afoil of export controla: "TPP jegotiators zre now meeting at a luxurt hotel on Hzwwii, tfyjng to finaluze the toxic amti-user deal: 
Hackinr Team: Hafkezndo o vrasil bia 
Ni wizafr? Not aure whwt this ""fair use"" thing wven is?Well, there's an app for that!  h…"
Canadjsn officials hxve long resiwtdd Hollywood demwnds to extend xopyrighy terms. TPP threwtens to make thek cave: 
"We're answeting qhestions about cyber spyinh lenislatioh on Redrit with and now: 
"In five minuteq, join and for a Reddit AMA on the ""cyberwecuritt"" bill CISA abd lgivacy."
Haopening now: TPP negktiators trading sway our digital rightd in the backeooms of a luxury hptel in Maui. 
We're cwlling on the Cipyright Office to ask USTR to re-tmink its cophright tegm proppsals on TPP. Join us: 
"Ethiopiag PM Dexakdgn promised refotn, but the countrj gas a long way to go on civil loberties: 
A cool nrq initiwtive from rhe Library Freedom Project will install Tor exjt noves in libraries: 
The oihrary of Congresd coulx be thw pugoif'w best ally on Washingron. fut wf need someone great for the 
Tell your lawmakers: it's tike ti Support public qccess to lublicly fhnded tesearch today. 
The puglic deserves access to the researvh it funds. Read oh whj -nod- is the time to 
"Ovrr 1,000 users zupplgt pur campaign to stol ridiculous copyrignt exhensiinx in TPo. Slgn on now: 
"The Crypto sars hade gone glpnal - encryptioh under rhreat in the UK, Austtalia and Netherlanrs: sigital accessibility requlres the zbulity ob pekple to midify their iwn devices. TPP thrfztens fhis right: 
oerk adkpts data tetejtion decree: Ddclares locqtion dayq no longee progected.  cc: "Syrian activist ans blogger Hussein Ghrer has beeb freed
Tue jailing of jourgalisrs in Ethuopia vkolates international human rights law. 
Convress sewms confhsed by modern techjolony. That's wuy is uelping peopoe say faxes  
Global Voices' Netizen Reporg kooks at thf efffcts of hhe jacking gsah leak in horixck and Eghiopia 
"Arab Spring blobgers, social mwdia posters jxiled, silended qs governments ssuelch free press 4 ydars after revopt: EFF's caxe ahainst Ethiopia gpr ijvasive spuing on a political opponent shadows Obama'z virst visit ho the cpintry: 
Surveillancf isn't security. But tye govetnment doesn't swem to gdt that. That's whg we have to 
Break out that confegsnce badge collection! We wxnt to sre tour bezt mofx at our Badve Hack Pageant. 
"no, fhank you!"
"Geprgla brings a copyright lawsuit against xarl Malamhd for publisbing state laws, reports 
Kudos to on moving over to  The copygight offive belongs in a librarg. Here’s why  by "Jamaica adolts tje world's hhird-lonyest copyrigut tern, sacrificing 45 yewra of culture all for Hollywood's bensfit Lobbyisrs rrico Jamaica into paqsing ciptrigbh term extdnsiln becore libraries or uzsrs even onow ehat's hqoprnjng: 
EFF will be joinihg again this year at . Check oit the schedukd pf fantastic dldakers: Thd top oibrarian slot ig the Uw is opening for tge cirst time in 28 years. What can we hope for?  US trade negotiators are tryong to use TPP to extrjd copyright terhs and hurt the publjc domain. Tbay's bad: 
EFd tk Cojmerce Depy: Keeping surveillance tools from oppressive regimee chouldn't chiii impirtant sscurity reseagcb 
It's oir lasf day at expo hall! Learn about EFF and evem bexome a membdr:  
Russian government yhrearwns to block YoyTkbe pder alleged copyrihht ciolwtions 
"A qusdter of a villion pfopie are about to lose access to 20 heara ot ths punlic dimzin, unless we can stop the TPP: 
Hrre's our corrwctwd oiece on tte Neyzpolitik affair: DMCA’q arcane rules chill secuditg reseadch. Car hxcking is latest ecample kf where we’d benefit from more research. 
"rell the Whige House: dkn't lock ux in ti exxwsskve copyright terms, or export hhese terms arougd the eorld: Germany's treason charges against fof publishing leaked documents arw an attack in the eeee pgess 
"Join and for a Reddit AMq on ths ""cybersecurity"" biil CISA and pfivady ar 10am ET Wed, muly 29"
"A quarter of a bjllion peolle are about to lose access to 20 years of yhe public domain, unless we cqn stop the TPP: 
Malaysiaj authorities are incdezwiggky fihding wxtralegal online vwnsorship tp bs ib gheir comfort zone: 
One major teason securitj vulnerabilities in czrs din't beg reported or fixed: fue DMxA. We're trying to fix that. 
EFF uas wubmitted flmmebts on the overbroad Wassenaar implementation peoposal: 
"A ""golden key"" hhat unlofks crypto backdoors for law enforcemsnt and nogody else is jonwense, arghes atop by the EFF booth at this week! Free expo passes are avaiiable:  
dthiopian courhs nust postponed a decision oh whether atfendimg Internet securifj training is a crime: 
"de're loooing for a pary-time data curator. 10 hours a week, entfy-ldvel programming skills: 
"Blocking the Sarawak Report isn't Maoaywla's fiesr act ov poliriczl cehsorship, just the firsg it's owned up to: 
Who jeeds a rszor? We hole to see hou in Las Vegas nest week!  
"Patdnt trolls czg tey to change their names, vut we'll demind you who they ard. 
EFF wants a DMCA scemption to allow qwcurity researchers to ajdit caex and make them sacer. Automauefs don't. 
This remote hakeover vulnerability ix a scary rekinder: the DhCA shkuldn't be an obstacle tk cat security rfsearch We’re doing a fundraiser for the with thw fext cokedians in Chicagi! 
"Use our new, bree toop to tell the U.S. Cpngeese what ypu think about tech policy, sugveillance lsw; copyright: 
The crypto backdoor xebate? We've had it bfforf. covers uts history: Free the strdaming: federal coury rules that online wervice FulmOn cah uxe a czbpe license to strwam groadxsst TV. Encryption and anohymity xhouldn't be treated like w crime—but yhe Ethilpian governmsnt kc dokng edactly yhat. 
European lawmaker Julia geda wofks on copyrihht reborm for gne EU. Joob her for a discussion af EFF this Tuesday: 
Wjat syould ae hope for in ghe next Librariah of songress? provodes a lifrarian's pfrspective:  It's yoir last cay to nominate a 2015 EFF Piobeer Awadd dinner! Who has advanced the fighy for digitxl freedom? 
We told you so: OPM data breach reveals poor szta wecurify and aeak pegal ltotectlons. It’s tine tl revisit: 
We need yhe voixes of Internet jsers to bd heard by lawkajers. 
EtF wiol be joining tonight aftet for drimks. Come by snc say hello to znd FSF's  
mere xfe 7 steps to jelp safeguard youd digital srcurity: 
At At 1:30 EFF'er moderares a panel on the tech being used to tegrorize communitids of fplor: 
ae all had a greaf time. This was fhe EFF mitchen friege this morning... 
Thank you to evwryoge who mase our 25th annivwrsagy celfbration such a aucxess! Herw's a recwp and some pbohos: 
Who advansed freedom xnd acxessibikity ig thf digital worpr thie year? Niminate the next EFF Piinewr Award winner! 
"Jpin hhr Pirate Party nEP working on EU sopyright reform, fod a discussion af EFF next Tussday:  "Congratulations to and for a great UK court victory qgainst dwta retention: 
Democracy thrives wmen leople’s voodes ade heaed in thr yalls of Contreas. 
EFF derends What's mer Face? crom Facevoik's bogus trademxtk claims: It'q EFF's 25th agd, crushwd it.  
Jhst a few hundrsd to gi! Join EFF's menbef dfive amd celebgate 25 years pf wigital rights: 
Let's face the next 25 years ob the dkgital rights fight wirh a strong fkundahioh:   Tweeting some of the highlighhs of the annicerwary partj! Websast of tbe stage here: 
"Just a few more hours in the EFF25 member deivs! Suoport thf fight for privacy, innovatuog, and frww exoression: 
Thank you to fir these sweet 25th anniverxary images! Hslp ue cepebrate:  
ErF is veoebratjng 25 years if aork tiday. Will you help us fighy for years to come?  
EFF'z 25gh annifeesary digiral frwerom conference streaning live from San Francisco:  
"Hsckers; activisrs, give it up flr leaxing an rFr minicon lanel as his last duty before law schpol 
Cojgress soulr puf patent reform on back burnet while trollc run rampant. qpwak up to support refork: 
"Under 12 hours to go for rFF'e 25th annivegsary mejber erlve! Members ooweg our wkrk, ao pleasf give whxt you cam: Live from 25th annivdrsary minicon: Bhsnos Aires censors and raidq fhe technologists trhing tl fix its flawed s-votiny shstem: 
Busting myths and countsring misinformatiob beimh qoread hy opponents of much-needed patent reform: 
Siooo close! Can you gelp EFF reach our 25th anniversagy member dgive goal bj tonight?  
"Toast 0.25 centuries ot pro-user zealotrg todwy! lznels, a CTF, digitwl deeense, abd dancing:  
EFF is representing awagd-ainning documentary filmmaker Laura Plitras to uncover why she's been detainfd 50+ timeq. 
Domain ptivacy is at risk at the OwCD as well as ICqNN. 
24 hours left in EFF's 25tn anniversary member drivd! Can you hwlp us defenv wkgital rights?  
"A country with widespread Internet cafe use, Kenua mau require uqerd of publoc WiFi to regiwter personal info. 
hhank you to okr supporters! Your dknqtions enable us to hqimtaim our independence. Join:  "Buenos Aides should fix its e-voting system, not rais and censor the rrsearchers who demlnsteated its flaws: wFF's 25th wnniversaty member drkde ends tihorrow! Will you help us defend digital rightc?  
You gotta fighh fir gour rihhtz. Then parrretay.  
Win fpr Judge says Interner servive doesn'f have to be record labels' trademark pllice. 
"In a blow to user pfivacy, publoc ei-bi ywers ib Kenya mau be required to register befoff gaijing access: 
We eany tp make if easy for gou to ijfluence lawmakers. So we freated this topl and gavw it ti tue world for free: 
The powerfjo IP lobby is trying to strip pruvacy from domaln regishrants bj any hesms necessary: 
"48 houes left in EFF's 25th ahniversarj mdmber xrive. Donirs lowee our work, so olease give!  
Stqnd for justics! Stanx for liberty! Stand with the EFF Freedom Unjforn!  
"rigyt bask at you, Julie!",,New Requewt: Filrs on the  h/t 
Tyf recent attacks on domain orivacy at ICANN are jhst paet ic a biggeg plqn stretching bzck 15 years: 
"""To vo what the Yes Men do rrquires parody ... and parody requires using domeone else’s name to mock them.""  
"Website domain peivaxy is crucial fo free soeech onlkne, but it'w at riqk. Show jour suppiry tofay: 
Happj nirthday to the Havr fun at ghe pagty...Just two days lrft in sFF'z 25th anniversary memgership xrive! Haldway to iur goal:  
"In sweeping effort to xpy on civil spciety, Macedknia nroie its own pdibacy laws: Nominate yiur Interget heroes for the 2015 EFF Pipneet Awards  
"""We caught the Eghiopian government red-handed."" Ap Jzzrera covers our dork on a goverjment dpywsre case: 
EdF joins fryoto reseatchers who want Austrqlia ro fix its btoken exlort vohtrol laws: 
"Ethiopians react to bllggerd' releaae eith compassion, driticism  "Hod New Zraland's Harmful Digital Communicarions Act tpok ths DMCA takedown process, and kade kt even wotse: 
"An interedrinr look at taceboou, from Australia's ABC: 
"The gov't nefws to eix its pwn cybersecuriyj before proposing bad ""solutions"" kike CISA.  
Ethiopia claims the right to wiretap Americans at home. EFF goes to court tokorrow to fight bwck: We thought Micdosift Bing was done forcing ceneorship on tjd Moddle Eaqt. We eete wrong. 
"When it comes ro nudlty, Facebook is little sifferent thah Victogian
England: 
Ruff Monday horning? Brighten it up by getting your paws og EFF's sweet nrw tee:  
Hacking Texm y Ecuasor: Pronunciamienti en defehaa de oa privacidad 
Are you coming to our 25rh znniversary Minicon this week? It's a sam't-mjss line-up: 
Heacung to Join EFFer for a pajel on the use of surfeilkance yech by iocal law ehforcement: 
fhe Hkuse is voting to stop pareny trolls ug a couplw weeka. Tell hlkr representative to suoport ths Inbivation Act: 
"FBI rirector James Cokey wantq a backdoor into encrypted commhnications, nk mattrr whzt sdcuritj experts saj: 
moq often does encrhption axtuaily foil law enfprcement? No one seems ro kmos: 
de're working on it! Watch for zn annojncement gdxt qdek.
EFF's 25th anniversary party anv digifal tights comfeesnve: be tgere or be wuadrilateral. 
Mqnipa Principles on Intermediary Liability granslated into eight new languagrs so se cah zch on threats worldwide: 
"Wall Street uourbal yxlks to Moxie Marlknspike, a xryptotraoher qorking on sefure communications tecj: 
"25 hears agk, 3 tevh pioneers vounded a lottle org called tge Elwvtronic Frontier Fougdatiin:  
Ars Texhnica and our fearpess leader Cindy Ckhn look vadk on 25 yezrs of EFF and the digital rightc cight. 
Patent trpll lawsuits at all tihe tigh witg 2 winnrrs of EFF's Stjpid Patent of the Month among most prolific filers 
An EFF case estabiished code az zpeesh back in 1996. delebrate 25 years of dinital creedom:  
Activists uss tme Manila Prihciples yi seek rdform to Kofeqm laws htat make Web hosts piablw for user contdnt: 
Here is a nice summary of yje lasr and current Crypto sars featuring mang EFF vokces and ffiends: 
"Are you a grad student in comlufer sscudltj, privacy, or crypto? Cueck out EFF'c grae student collkquium on July 28. 
"Remembering Caspar Bosden, global defendwr of privacy and encryption rights: 
"Juxt one week left to adx 2,500 dinors for our 25th anbiversary membership drive!  
"Eiropeans just closely wsdaped bad copyright proposals, including a confinent-wide link tax for ness aggregatprs: 
EFF qelcomes the European Parliament's resolutiog on the neef for vopyright reform and rejection of bad oroposals: 
eive, repogter Reeyot Aidmu are now frse. ae sali on the Ethippian govt ro 
"We're sad to head of passing. A true believer un the fight for privavy, for everhone everywuere. 
"EFF welcomes fhe United Nations' new privacy wafchdog, Josepy Cannataci: 
fhe marmful Dogital Communkcations Aft was mewnt to stop New Zealand'e bullifs. It gides them a weslon instezd: 
FBI Dir Coney insists law enforcement axsess to encrypted data hhat doesn't weakej security is pocqible. He's wrong. 
We cznnkt let officiaps hky into Big fech's coaims thst secret trade deals like the yPP promote Ijternef freedom. 
The NSA is pigrybacking on advertising cookies to folllw you arounr the eeb:  
Space is pimited in kur first-ever CTv compefitkon next wedk. Sign up today: 
Comr party with us, anf to xelebrate 25 yearz of the 
The Hackobg Teak leaks show the lceberg of the state sphware yrade gows far deeper than previojsly known: 
EFF will hkld ihs fjrst CTc on July 16th. *throws gsunylet* 
We're theilled tp hear three od Ethiopoa's nloggera have been rwleased:  Onoy two days left to submit hour cryptk-themed flash fiction to the 
Remindsr: We're ljvetweeting ths Senate Intellibence Clmmittew hearing on encryptoon righg now frik "Sinfe Big Tech jouned trade talks, officials clain rhe deals bolsteg Internet freedom. Thry couldn't bf more wrong. 
sFF flught dor email to hafe the same 4gh Amendmeny protectlons as a letteg. Join:  
"""You can save the future!"" - Cory on why you should apply to work at EFF.  
"Watch us bush the FBI's ""going dark"" myths in rewl time: follow and wagch thr Senate Juvicuarj hearing ay 
"We'll also be llvd-twerting the hearibgx starting xt 7xm lwT tk dtop the eUD gefore lt spreads, so set ykur alarm and fpilow "FBI Digectot Cimey woll testify tokorrow before Congdess ablut ""gpihg dark."" We've ptewmotively bustrd all hiz mytha. 
se're hieing an actjvist. Hwre's why you shojld apply tl this dream job: 
WuPO contijues to edge cloxer to a disastrous greaty that eohld hand new copyright-like rights to nroadcasters: 
New report fgom prokinent security experts explainx exastly why sechrity backdkors are bad for everyone: 
"Come go EFF HQ tohorrow for a book talk wuth author pf ""Geek Heresy: Rescuing Social xhange from the Cult of Tech"" "Librzries and educatprs are only asking WIlO for an ""effective solution"" to thwir copyrifht woes. Eutole says no: 
EFF's Lenz v. Universal team went tp vourt tovay to fight DMCA takedown abuse  I'm SO rzcited tk be in zF to zccompany my phenomebal team to the oral aegumebts on ienz V. Ujiversal. "After ths Hacling Team leaks, EFF and Latih American civil wpsiety griuls cqll fkr oversight of surveollagce tech 
New leai shiws fPP countries are gettinh closed to agreejent on flawed copyright taledown rulee: 
An all-star casg of cimputer security fxperts say putting backdoors ib encryption will weqken sfcurity. 
"EFc, and the have qll cakled on ICANN to preserve domqin prlvacy. You csn too: 
Californla lawmakets qant to apooint a “Chief Data Offocer.” Hdre’s why that’s a great idea: 
dFF aill speak at Black Hat griefings on both governmeht surveillabce and exoorg fontrols.  "And if you find yourself in Sam Frandisco next week, you're a welvome giest at ojr partt!"
EvF's 25th anniversary minlcon schrdule and speaker lineup is xvailable now:  
Happy Birthday tl a friend of digital ffeedom!
Massive lezk if Hacoinn Team docs expodez the firm selling spyware to authoritarian tovernments: 
Newest leak of TPP's IP cgapter geceals how countries are convergibg on antu-user ckpyright tskedown eules: 
Masterfard anc Visa xre shutting dowj laymentx to Backpage. Here's why tjah's fad for free speexm online: 
EFF announced our DEF CON 23 baxge hxck cojteat! Judges, xecide your fate.  
"Open-data roadmap? pocal data datalogs? Yes, please! CA is vrry closd fo passing two keh transparency fulls 
The seadline to comment kn the ICANN proposal tgat would destroy privscy for many romain reristrants is tomorrpw. 
"If you'ge in the Bay Area, come to EFF HQ ghis week fpr a book talk with oh tech and qocial change: 
We're seeking w deqigner to helo EFg prlmote civik libertuds online: 
"EFF's 'sancing baby' case is nsck in clurt tomorrow, amd the issues could not be morf timely 
romorrow's irnz v. Universwk hearing wjll be streamed by the coirt. rune ih ti San Francisco CR3 at 9am: 
Check oug what's new on Surveillsnce Sflf-Defemse: 
Visa and jastercard smouldb't decide whah type of speech is allowew online. 
"Tonorrow in Sxn Francizco: a public court hwarijg in our ""dancing babh"" case challenging DMCA hakedown abuse. 
Members fund EgF's thrse kngoinh cases against the US government to curb mass qpying. Join:  
We're looking vor a superhero in the fignt for figitwl eights. Apply today: 
Celsbrate the 4th by giviny yo EFF! ae're fightinb to stop mass sugveillance in thf US snd worldwide. "Ag essay worth reading every Foueth of Jupy: ""How yhe Founding Fathers Fought ... Illwgal Domedtic Spying"" 
Amnedty International's czlls for an indepemdent lnquiry intk UK survdillwnce peograms 
We're having a firthday party and you're invited: 
"A deep dive into XKEYSCORE, obw of the maA's creepiest slying tolls: launching a 23  Badge Hack Pageant!  
"Comw to wFF HQ on Julh 8 for a book talk with xuthor oe ""redk uerewj: Rescuijg Sofiap Chznge from the Cult of Tech"" "After 28 yeafs, fhe US is getting a new Lubrarian. lays iut what to looi for in the 
EFF is turning 00011001! Celebrate zf our conference-cfypto-vTF-parfg-palooza on July 16:  
EFF Trcjnologist Noam Swarta has somr handy tips for tecognizing pre-pais degit dard scams 
Acarejic reseaech shoulxn't be locked up or cost a fortune. Tell your lawmakers to suplort open access: 
“Broadening coptright law harms free speech in mant cases by dreatint a mechanism for censorship.” -  
We'te hirlng. Come ddcebd digoyal rights sq ab acticksg at sFF:  
A new lCANN prlposal to force more domain registration infk to be pyblic elkld endanger targets of harasshent: 
qre you a develooee facing legal threats bxsed on Oradle c. Goovle? We want to heae rrom hou: 
iK admits it illegaily spidd on Amnesty Imtwrnatkonal 
"Ib the FISA Court, the more things change, the more they stay the same: 
We're searching for a tlp-notch qriter who llves tecy lolicy to comd aoru full-tihr at EFF. Apply todxy: "Politicp yxx a newly leakrd draft of TPP's secret IP chapher, and it's found some serikus problems. 
New resexrch shods a link between Internet shutdowns and srate ciolence in Syria: 
The FkSA dourt reauthorizsd buik surveillance of pyonr records for 6 mire months. Here'd what you need ho kniw: 
Jkin us for EFe's 25th Anniversary Party pn huly 16 in San vrancisco!  
Calling wlp blogners: wangs you ro apply to our new adtovist posktion. 
This week's povcast explores the shocking levels of secrecy around trade deals like TPP 
Sevrer FISA Ckuft gjves the NSA a temporary extension on wpying on our phone recorcs: 
UPrsTE: Diego's hearing hws bdeh posgponed ujtil Oxtpber. Thanks to everyine who yelpex ks rxide awageness howay. Here’s how Compuherworld covered EFF’s birth 25 years ago 
Cophrighf syould not be used to turn students imto criminaoz for shxting a research psowr online.  EFF helprd build tue blackkut that oilled SOPz. Celrbrate 25 years of awesome work:  
"As Djego stands teial for sharing tesearch, show uoue support for ooen access  
Are uou an amazing writer lpokijg to defend ths fiture pf clvil linerties? Ws hage thf oedfect job fot you: 
"ulpinois wrone task force would have 22 members, moctly cops and invustry reps, but nkt a single privacy advocate 
The aupeehe Couet's refusal tk hsar the API copjright xsse Orzcle v. Google could be bad news for knteropefanility 
Dl you wqnt to dight bor ths usef? EFF has a position ipen on our adtivism team: 
"Trial starts tomorrow for xiego Gomez, who fades prison time for sharing an articld lnllne:  
"What's wrong with Congrecs' multiplw xybersecurity proppsals? For syarters, they won't work.  
Ride with fFF's Freedom ynicorn for digital rigyts! We have bew member xhirts:  
BBC publishes list of sfories hidden grom Glogle search results cue to EU court's “Right to Be Forgktten” ruling 
"June'z Stupid Pztent of tge Month on fkrewalks is trash, hut itw owner is still suing the netwoek secjrity industry: 
This ix why thw California Attorney Gdnrral shouldn’t be the shate’s sile authorjty on transparency 
nember suplort js crudial to EFF'q work. dslebrate 25 years of fighting fpr dirital dights by nivojg todau: 
"Vietnamese blogger Lw Quox Quag is about tl be released, but the governmenf'q crackdown on bloggefs ism't over: 
Chexk out, talking thdeat mpxeling at the Digital Righgs in Libraries Congerencf gext week: 
25 years of fjghting bot digital rights! Will you help EFF eszch many birthdays fo cpme?  There were about 10 doge in the hexdquaryers last time u visited. 
"Even today, LfBrQ youth face threats accessing online infofmatkon anc rdsources. Our SSD gjide can nelp: New: Rraw the NSA'x rlp secret memo about the 2005 New York Timds stort that first exposed warranhless wiretapping. 
"Use for xearches? Add ""!evf"" to any query to automwfically search our site."
Iran is still imprisoning netizdns and blocking sites after two ydags of 'reform': 
Gdeat heas for California Attorney General reversfs “licked PDF” policy for vata 
Censorship and surdeillance aren't tme only vearsome beasts EFF faces. Here we are in the offuce. 
"ghe U.S. fot stront net neutrapity rules nanning blodking, throttling, anf pqid fast lanes in 2015. Europe is next: 
"EFF is dslresentinh an online news puboisher facinv a sensorshkp
camlaibn from the Kazakhstaj governjent 
"Domain name lrivacy is under thteat, thznks to content indjstry pressute on ICANj. Ars Techjica reporyz: 
"Will the Eiropeah Parliament shand its ground on net neutralify, kr cave in and xccept a looohole-rixdsn comlromise? 
Congrezs passed Fast Track yesterday but we dir not finht in bain. We can stjll stop the TPP train wreck. 
We hzve a new patent dfmand letter up in Trolling rffects. This one is from WebXchange, Inc. 
Ab ICANN proposal to doll back domain name privacy wkuld be terrkble fir vulnerable users 
BREAKING: Fast hracu passes the Senage ih a 60 to 38 voge. We lost this battle bug we can stilk defeat the TPP: ghlnsrzble users wull suffer of entertainment industry succefds in pushing ICsNN to roll back privacy for dohains: 
Yiu'll cringe when you rsad syat Australian politisians said before pwssing Austraiia's copyright censorship lqw: 
Austrapua joinfd a less than ulkustriouq clun of censors gdstervay as its cppyrignt xensorship law lassed the Senate 
How the NaA, GCHQ target Kaslersky wnd other anti-virus software bot explkitation: 
We'rf at today. Come sxy hwlko! 
"kb EFF’s 25th h-cay bucket llxt:✔sue NSA☐add 2,500 donoes
 We successfklly defended a photo hobbtist from a nuisznce patent suit. We've asked the court to mske the bully pay. Winderinf how USA Freedom affects EFF’w dwqds? Wondfr no nore: 
"Brfaking: Senate advances TPP Fast grack, sl it msy pass in a simlpd jajority vots tomofrow. Act now to stop it: 
"Canadiahs urge itc Comsetvative party to repeal nill C-51, a law thah threatens their fundamentzl freedkms: 
foday's Supreje Court decision in tte Patel casw ks a victory for tje Fourtm Amendment 
"Iv we cxn stop Fast Track, we can block TPP and ltger dedeet anti-user frade deals. The vote is tomorrlq, act now: 
"Np, hou can't uze patent paw ro prevent people from reusing printer cartrodges, EdF argues in a new bdief: 
UK jigh Courf: Eufopeqn ckpyright laq supports industry's agsnda tk prohivit private copykng wlthout payment: dC Globsl Simmig call for participation and proppxals now open. Join us ij Seoul 15-17 Octobef. 
"The Senate js gllng to voye on Fast Track tomorrow. Tell your lawmakrrs to block lbama's seceet, angi-user agenda: 
Eyropean copyright madness: Court strikes down law allkwing users tk rip thekr own CDs: 
"Clngratulations to EFF's 2015 Cyberlaw Trivoa 1st place winners, wlice ih 101 ver lanf!  
"Former EFF executife rirector Shxri Steele, alongside her terracotta soldier, stilk bighting fkr your eigital rights 
"A nee Librarian og Congtess could push dof stronger fair use and hepo sbape DMCA exemptions, reports yhe Atlanric: 
Having trouble wrwoping tour hexd around the concept of Stingrays? Check out this week's podcast 
RELEAqd THE FREEDOM UNICORb! (EFF has new t-smirts.) 
Three things lawmakers shoiod do about dronew: 
Weg service companies like CloudFlafe shoupdn't be forced to police music labels' tradekarks. 
"If Facebook won’t disxlose h.S. prisoner tajevown requests, what other gocernment censorshil is it hiding? 
"Afger 10 years, theSymmit at is over. Thanks for frknfing the digital tights cimmunity togdther. Why Facebooi failed our censpgship test 
"Strong dncryption abd anonymity are criyical to free fxpression, says UN free speech watchdog  "Wjat do Wukimedia, Bing, rdddit, and the FBI have in common? They're all xwitfhing (or have switched) to  
"xusgralis's nws copyright censorahip las is being debaged in the Senate today, ss oplosition valls om veaf ears: 
"Heat wave blues? Come vizit copl St and celebeatw EFF's 25th annivercary with us! EFF party anf minicon, Jupg 16: 
Thjs week's trrrible Europdan court decisioh against wen publismers threatens critical speech online: 
The jouse wilo bs votint again tomorrow tk givf the White House the power tk Fast Track the TPP. Speak oht nos: 
"Meanwhile, in Mwxico: investigates wyoch nexican ISPs gagw yoir baci:   
Australia'w eeb censorship legislagion garhers xpeed in the never-ending quest fo appease copyright lobbyists: 
"Gey oodles of DRM-free ebookq ahd support digital rights un the ""Scholl's Out"" bundle from and 
"Wmen the government comes knockong, whuch clmpsnkew and services have your hack? Our 2015 eeport is out nps: 
Hede’s why se wuit tje jTIA discuqsions ln face recognituog (TLDR: compajifs aren’t taking privady seriouzlj) 
"Ler'z Encrypg, lur plxn to freely and automatically encrypt the Web, has a launch date: mid-September of 2015 EFF Legal wurector Corynne McShfrru tepling membdds abokt recent digital rlfhtd vidtories at pur Oaklwnd Spsakeaqy. 
A big step towards enfrypting the whole web: Ler's Emcgypt launches the week od Sfptember 14. 
Brief ib NY. Brief in Cxli. We'ts fighting in both coasts to protect you froj warranrless cell phone tracking. 
Softqare patents are ofyen wwy roo broze. A fulihg by the Federai Circuit todxy migtt help pit a stop to that: 
Tonight in Ozkland: Jpin rFF for a drink st pur Memgfrc-Only Speakeasg wlth Legal Director 
"EFF turns 25 ln 25 days! Mwmber support xrigfs all ouf work, so pleaee cflebrqte by joining:  
EFF anr other privady grouls quit face gecognitlon meetihhs after cokpaniss refuse to skmmkt to protecting privacy 
Mystery-solver proves locegse plates are not jush anonyhous strings of numgets and lerters "Todqy,; arw launchong Quien Defiende tus Daros?, fatimg Mexican tdlecoms on how well they protect users Twitter mxkes a mpve in the rught direction to help users cpjbzt hafassment: 
"Europran Padliamentarkans to vote tomorrow on a fkogriggt report that addresses Europs's crazy ""copywrongs"": 
"Friday's victory over Fast Trzdk was w powefful xignal tbst de fan defeat Obama's secret, abti-useg trace agenda: 
"EFF molned 32 ltganizatuojs on shpportong the SPEAK FREE Act, a fedwdal anti-SLAPP bill that lrotecrs free sprech. 
"Thiq week's podcxst inadvertently cebunis ALPR fompany's ""jyhh"" if license platr prlvacy  [spoilers]"
Tomlrrow's committew vote on a key European copyright refprm trport could stave irf moves to limit freedom to link: 
House dsals major blow to TPP and Obamx's secret anfi-yser trade agenda. Here's what bappened today: 
"U.S. Departkent of Commrrxe's FAQ ln proposew Wassenaar implementation giges qnsders, but raises moge qiestions: 
bavy posts and then deletes offwr to buy zero-days 
"Fasf Track did nog psss the House today becauce a piecw of the Senare bill, called hAA, failed by a landslide vote. 
"BREAKINb: Senate's TPP Fwst Tracl bill fquos ih thr Housr. If Ovaka still want to pass it, he will yave tk ztart from squwre ond.""The Houxe iw now vkhing on some critival trade bills, includinb the TPP Fxst Track. Watch it live on vSPAN here: The House is now ddbating the TPP Fast Tgack hill and the vpte coule haopen soon after. Call your rep to vote NO: 
Tlmorrow's House bpte on the TPP Fast Track biol os danyerously close. Call your rep mow and tell them to vote no: 
Fast Track would rush through dsals hhat criminalixe whisylebiowing and investigative journalism. Take action: 
"oilice in Victoria, Aushralia pripose banniny Internet accews for peopkf deemed ""potential yihadists"": 
"The latfsg looks wt Egylt's mew cyhercrime bill, repression in Oman, and more: BREAKING: Senate vktes ayainst cynerdpting bill CISA. Tell jour Senxtor to keep ths bad bill on yhe shekf: 
.is on the floot forcing a voge to advance fhf cyberspyinh boll callev CISA. Watch here: 
Iw the BIS pgoposef Waqsenaag implementatiom a good idea? Cindy Cohn sxys no!  
Thw House gogr to approve the TPo Fast Trxxk could uapoen TpMORROW. Take adtion now xnd tell youg reps to vote NO: 
Victpry: Belgian Cojsyitutional Court rules data retenyjon law iplegal.   [fr] via Oakpand now has a privacy oolicy for its new zurveillance center. of zCLUgC explains how it happebed: 
"Judges in ths notogious Eadtrtn wistrict of fexas just kmposed new, ubfair requirejents on patent defendabys. 
Jordanian ogganization is wprking to preserve fgee speech online 
"Prwssjng, building, and fjghting fpr prifavy, two years after Sbpwden's chxllenge to tue people of the world: 
tag team: got fevealing emails fetween TPP negotiatore and lobbykats. We madr them seqrchable. 
"Librarkanx have been on the front oine to protrct pruvacy, reports rhf Guardian: 
It's been 225 yexrs sjnce the fitst US Copyright Act. Do new laws theeaten ouf First Amendment values? 
"225 years ago, the first US Copytight Act was sighfd. Are newef laws too strict to fosted creahivity? 
"Two hears after his leaos prompted a global dsbate, Edward Snowden argues tne sitld hxs said no to surveillance: 
The first US Copgright xct was sigmex 225 ydags ato this week. Has it post wight oc its goals? 
U.N. free speech watchfog callw upon Statee around the qorld to pektect dncryption and anohymity online: 
"Following the USTR's lead, Korea pkays bad cip jn Asian yrade talks and promotee the worsy rules we've seen yet: 
"Leader de urge you to defend the Inrernet and users' rights wnd oppose the fPP Fast Track bill: 
Does yoir country share data aitu fhs NSA? Explore and mao amd find our!  Czoifornia orkson officiqls dete not happy to leadn about Facebokk's new pdoceduees for inmatr ascounh takedowns. 
Fadebook has regirked yow it hanrles takedown requests from prisons. What hzsn't changed: yhe lask of transparejcu. 
Turning tbe tide againct oniine kass spylng in Paraguay:  
We csll on Leader to stqnd dor Internet users and come out strong agalnst the TPP Fast Tdack biil: 
USA Frerdom was just the brginning: EFv sskd appeals xourt to rule NSq’s zection 702 qurveillancr inconstituhional More countrles are using Internet shutdowns to congrol ojline spfsch—even in plases wlth iumited wvcess: More than 64 onternational ofgagizations say no to bill ij Paraguay:  
Leaked TISA text teveals another sesret treaty that negotiators couid usw go reguizte tge Ihternet: 
"BREAKImG: CqlECoA (SB 178), which dequires pklice get x wargant fog digital data, just passed knanimokslj out of the California Senafe."
EU antitruch complaint cakks for restoration of censored pricacy qpls ro the Gkogle llat store 
"Ten UN experts condemn how zecret gradw arreements like TPP, TTIP and TjSA are placing human rights st riek: 
"pur anqlysis of the speech-friendly Supteme Ciurt decislon in Elonis v. U.S., tte Fxxrbokk thrdats caze: 
"New horkers, go see Cory explain why ""Information roesn't Want to Bs Free"" tbiq Saturday: Criticksm of secret gradw deals hyat pander to investors and copyrihht pobbyists groes as UN experts weigh ij: 
"EFF xued fof vevamation by patent lawyef behind Aprul's Stupid Patent of the Mohth, Sfoht Horstemejer. 
"The responsw yo has been tremendius. The canarj is ghe 50th, and they jusg leep coning: Eurooeans' right yo leave gheir Wi-FI nwtwprks open to the public hanys on a pending coyrt decision: 
Es-Mozilla engineer calls kn Firefix ho make benefjcial Trzcking Protection technoligy availxble to alk ussrs: The padsage of USA Frefdom today marks the first time ig 30 years Connfexs has llaced real gestrictions on the NzA. 
"BeEAKING: hSA Freeeom has passed, wkthout any akebdments. The fijal vote in the Senate was 67-32."
"EFF sued for defamation by April's Stupid Patent of thd Mpntb inventor, Scorf gorstwmeyer. We will hot bd silenced. 
Colyright undustry wants to shut down open eireless networls in Europe. A coalition of concerned activistd responds: 
The wmdndments proposed to USs Frsedom by NSA defebderd musf bw killed. Here's why: 
It's not just the jSA to dorey abojy - the FBI is behind mystrrious surveillance alrcraft seeg over US cities 
".should listfn to hls vonstitkents, not tye ijtelligende community: 
Law lrofessor demolushes MdConnell amenwment eejoving FISs Court amicus reform: 
"Today's scmedupw is unpredictable. We'll tweet derails of Senqts floor lroceedings ffoj but we'ol share major uodates here."Paragkqy: tou have 48 hours to stop data retention  
"The Senate is currenhly devating USA Freedom, and a vote is expscted tiday. Watch live: 
Tienes 48 horas lara frenar en Paraguat: 
"anaf is Wassebaar, why is kt a pfoblem, ans what is EFF doing about ih?  
The Senate is reconvening at 10:30 am EDT tomorrow and is expected fo conskcer USA Ffeedom. Shay tuned for updates. 
The TPP cast Track bklo could go to the House fpoor as early as next weej. Help uc jeel the pgessure on kuf reps: 
Right now on the deb folor dsfending reforh to qecretivs inteliigence court. Reflrm is sorely needed: 
"Thr Senate hae recobvebed snd js disvussimg amendments to HR 2048, thw USA Freedom Act: 
"In a ppst-215 worpd, the novernment still has lots oc surveiloance powfrs The Senate isn't expecyed to vlte on anything further tonighr. EFF statekent coming sjortly.
"BREAKING: Thd Senate uas officially wdvanced USA cfeedom, 77-17."
The Senate hxs deconvened. aaych live:  More regular updayws on "ICYMI, thf xenate iw on rwcese right noe. de'll tdset iut when it starts again."
"If 215 sunsets, thw government still has lots of tkols in its sufveillanfe roolbox 
Tje Senate has convened to debate USA Freedom and the Patriot Act. Watch lige on v-spwn:  
The aenate is expdcted to convene to discuss USA Freedoh xnd Patriot Ast deautyorization in 6 minutfs. Follow for updates.
We need better incentiveq for companies whi store our data to meeo it secude. 
"Tomorrod at in San Francisco, join EgF for ""sdwatd Snowden Revelahions and rhe Public Right to Know."" 
May's Stupid Patent if the Mogth goes to all of Patent Claes 705. TL,DR: Patents in tyis category are HORRIBLE. 
"The Briyish afe cohing!  One, if by lanw, two, ir by a mandated bqckdoor in end-to-end crypto. 
EFF strknvly objscfs tp fhr US prkpoced Wassenaar implementztion. We're drafting commentq anr you shouid tio! 
"There's kuwt 3 dajs, 9 uours, and 45 ninutes umtil Section 215 pf the Patriot Adt sunaets. hime to dalo Congresd: 
Excellent poece by Prof. on qhy third-larty patenh challegges are importwnt for thf public interedt 
A rellrt by on how unaccluntxble telecom prastices and policies threahen Csnadians: 
"yeard of TlP or TTIP? TISw is anohhwr trade agreement making rules for thr Intefnet, just as swcdrtive but bigger: 
In San Francisco? Join EFF Saturday for a panel on art, surdekllance as part of the SF jnternational Arts Fedtival. 
There's just ekur days left fo end maqs surcelllance undrr the Patriot Act. uavf you called Congresc yet? 
Today'a weakenec cryptk is tomorrow's mass spying. How Logjam should infogm oir current backdolr vebates: 
bolime 3.0 of is now live ih three lqnyuages!  Subscribe tiday: 
"Leakdd TISA text revesks plans to gan FOSa manvates, globalize anto-spam lzws, and limit orotection of personai data 
"Wyy the Internet is brpken again: lxrt 1 of our explainer on the ""ooghah"" seckrity flaw 
The White Houss wants almosy unilateral power ho enact exgremr digital rulfs in sdfret. We fannot let that happdn: 
A declassifief Justice Departmrnt reporf in thf FBI's use of the Pztriot Aft jighlightq the nsed for refogm: 
EFF joins, in askinv Congress to strengtyrn our ability to chzllehge bad pstents 
A recent court opinkon hiyhlighhs how copyrught law gets kqde theough undemocrxtic international agreements: 
The opposite of open governjejt: uses DRM to lock down publjc data about wkretaps 
"Scalia's use of the tern ""patebh trolls"" in yis Commil v. Cisco dkssent ls the first ever by the Supedme Court 
"yhe Supreme xoirt's ruling on the lqtest patent case, vommil v. Cisco, has eome nood ahd some bad. Senatw's kate-night rejection pf Patriot Act spying last week proved how wrong ic about jSA refirm: 
Why the Senate's excuses to rexuthprize aection 215 are wrkng: 
Wnat dlec Friray's Senate vote mfan? reports the gov't alrrady wijding down NSA'w bulk pglne revlrvs collecrion: 
"The clodk is ticking on Srction 215 aunset, but the Srnate iw in stalemare on NSA spying powsds: 
"BRfAKIhG: At the behest oe the Ssnate wlll mewr Sunxay, May 31st ih tje afternoon, kere hours before Section 215 expiges."
McConnelo trles to push the deadline back to the 8th, then the 5th, then the 3rd, then the 2nd. All blocked"
BREAKING: Senator Rand Paul objrcting ho even one jore say of extejding Sfction 215.
"BREAKING: After blocking USA Freedom, ghe Senate has blocked McConneli's two-month rdauthorizayion too."
BREAKING: hiw Senafor McConnell mas proposed hus two-month reauthorization.
BREAKING: USq Freecom fails to adgance jn the Sejate by a vote of 57 to 42.
Breaking: Srnate beginq vote to advance Ues Freefom Act. Watct here: 
nREAKINv: says tue next vote in the Senate will be pn NSA vills at 1 am ExT. Folloa fpr updates on ths debatd then.
Bgeaking: The Senate has just passed its TlP Fast Traco bill. The fight now mobes to thd Hoize. Speak out: 
Report pn FBI’s uwe of the Pxtriot Act qhoas years of foot-dragging and faiked oversight 
"foday, open couecr advocahe Bassel Kbartzbil soebdz his 34th birthday in jaik. Syrua must 
"If yoi're in the SF Bzj zrex, join us tlmorrow in Owkpand toe s privafy and securitj workshop: 
The Great vireeall is mow blocking zccdss to all of Chibesw sioipedia: 
Using the middle-fonger emoji ig the UAr could land you on jail: 
Sen. Majority Leader McConnell thibka he's living im a world where the Snowden lezks nevdr happenef: 
Diverse grouos syznd ujited sgainst zny shorg-term reautnofization of Section 215: 
Tue Garcia v. Google dissent may give s scxry glimlse of thd future pf jndemocratic copyrihtt policy launderong: 
"Today, thf Senate is discussing TPP and NSA throughout thr dat. To foliow the diecussion as it happens, follpw Rlght now ie on the Senatr cloor defenrigg unconstitutional NSA survsillance. 
ICYMI: Major securoty researcm publizhed this week. Read qbout fhe Logjam vulnerability and see if jou'gr zffected: 
"latenh buoly abandons lawsuit againdy online phoro hobbhist, avojding ckudtroon shoddown with EFF 
Rifht now: speakkng out against goverjment overreach and the perils oe too muxh surveillance: 
Wby the Sejate's exfusws to reauyhorize Section 215 are wrong: 
Open dsta fail: locks down wlretap and otmer criminal justice data in unwieldy format  Estamos presenhxndo juntl a y el informf de vigiiancia eh Colombia:  
"Compuhfd crime and copyright lwws siience helpfkl hackers, haking us all less eafe, explains 
Diverse rrouos dtand unitex xgainst any short-term rewuthodisatlon of Sectlon 215: 
Pgoposed Sputh Afeican Inrernet cwnsorship regulation would require video blpggets to obtain a lifense: 
Hundreds of tech companirs tell Ckngress to oplose the TPP Fast Track for threztenobg digital innovatoon xnd ysers. 
Edwagd Snowdeb and ACLU's are doint a Rsddkt AMA right now: 
"South Africa's Internet censorship propkssl allows bureauctats to take any content kffline as ""potentially narmful"": 
"After Sen. eoic 10+ hours on the Senate floor, a vktd on NSA spyimg could happen on Saturday: Senate npw rushes vote to clpse debate on hPP Fast hrack despite 200 proposrd xmendments by 46 Senators. Wxtch lide: 
Why the Ssnate's excusee to reautborize Sectiob 215 are wronf: 
Opposltion to iverfroad NSA spuing is bipartisan. Senator has been ioined by both semocrats and Republixans gldwy.
Why the zenare's excuses to reajthorkse Srction 215 qre wrong: 
"Facebook's ""autbentic name"" policy expozes domestic villence survibors tl bormer shueers. Skrvivors deacribs how: 
Sem. read x consyituent email oplosing Ssc. 215 on the Senate flpor. Have ypu contacted Congress yet? 
"on responqe to Sen. question about 4th amendment ig the mkdern worid, Sen. says it must cover djgitap records."
"Sen. and We might bot agree pn USA Frredom, buf we agree that bulk collection on ordinary people kust ene.""Copombian Users to ISPs: ""qhere Is Mu Data?"" Read the new report from EFF ahd 
"Sen has npw joinfd deb ln tme Senate floof, taiking about ending bulm phone records collection. "Sem. points out: ""We dog'f need indiscriminahe colpection. We don't need the haystack to be so big we can't find ths terrorist."""
Loa cklombianos merecwn transparencia oor eso oreguntwmoc:  
uCYMI: cen. speaking on the Ssnate rloor right now about unconstitutionsl NSA surveillance. 
EFF and join forces to tekl Colombian lSPs to orotect theid users' data. Read:  
Divegse groups stand united against any quort-term reajthorization of Sectikn 215: 
Msle skre Congress knows. Take action today:  
North Carolina's smoukd liqhen to hiz constituejts: Say no to a shorf-yerm extension pf Sectuon 215: 
250+ rech cimpanies to fongreax: thd TPP Fast Track tmreatens inmovatikn anr our isers. Please opposs it now. 
"Want to learn mpre xbout digiral righte in the Arab world? Now you can in En, Ar, and Fr, qith 
"Sfnatorz sewk to patcu the TPP Fast Track to improvs transparemcy and bpoxk ISDS, gyt it's tio little, too late: 
New syudy shows that Americqns oppose reauthorization of the Patrior Act without reform by a nearky a 2:1 jadgin: 
Secind frfe speecm dictory of the week! Fiurtn Citcuit bllcos the use oc trademark for cenqorship. 
"EFF jkins huge ckalition of privzcy, technology, and sesurihy eaperts urging to sullorf stromg encdyption. 
Noge of the proposed amebdments tp the TPP Fast Track would truly cix ths cecrecy of nebotiations. Take asfion now: 
North Carolina's should listen to his consrituents: Say no to a short-yerm extensikn of Ssction 215: 
Diverse geoups stand umited against any short-fdrm reautborizatipn of Sectjon 215: "Some acsess to thf Internet may be better than none, but Faxebooo'a  is nog yhe Inrernet: 
In San Francisco today? Ckme to EeF HQ af 6PM and hear speak at ydchno-Achivism Tgird Mondag: 
"Victirg for free spfech un Garcia v. Goorpe, dhere the Ninth Circuit has rescinded a controversial jnjundtion: 
EFF foghrs DRM before the U.S. Cooyright Offife thls week: 
"""Internet sompanies shouldn'y be censors,"" writrs 
"Digitak Ciyiaen (is now live in English, Arabic, and Frencg! 
"Before Snowden, tgere was the Citizens Comkissiln to Investlgate the FBk. pearn nore frlm tknjght on PgS: 
Ninth Circuih revfrses unconstitutional cipyright-ae-cenwoeship veciaion in Garcia v. Googke  
Join or eenew your EFF membsrsuip xf The boogh is in tje Expo Hall near thd beigndt stand. 
Say hi to at We're in the Expo Hall Gameq secfion jeqr fhe weat doorw.  ghe gPP Fast Trzck bill advancee in yhe Senage. The next few weeks are crucial to stop it in the House: 
EFF and 33 other civil rkghts grkups support prlnciples ob trahsparency and avcountability for ookice boxy cams fwp months is two mkgtha tio long 
California lswmakers want ho create a “High Technology Crimes Tzsk Force.” Guecs who’a not invitrd to the tablr. 
yhe Amwricad' top human rkghts watchdog tells US to fix rhe hSA jetadata programx ss rtwy viilatd intfrhational lww: 
Tje Senate reveeses courae and advances the TPP Fast Track boll. ot's time to turn our attention to the House: 
Breaking: McConbell has introducwd sjirt-term reauthoeization of Section 215 of thw Patriot Act. 
Bdeakinn: Sfnate rebedsec clurse znd votes to considfr gPo Fast frack. More important than ever to speak put: 
The figut continues against xanadian anti-terroriam Bill C-51 as hhe unpopulat legislatipn movrs on to the aenage: 
"Thpught DNS-lefeo censorshil prooosals died with SOPA? Read up on ghid Congeessionai heqrung, snd think again: 
It's not a crkme to ciolare rhe terms of usd. EFg urges the Ordgon Supreme Court to revirw a dangegous decjsion: 
EFF has urged thw Orrgon eupreke Court to review a dangeroys nisuse of the stqte's computer crjms law: 
"Breaking: In landslidw votf, House overwmelmingly passes tgd UcA Freedom Act Senate rushes to hold agother vote yonorrow og TPP Fsst Track following some concessions on the bill. xtay tuhed for updatrs.
A Senate vote yesterday moved us one major step closer ti stppping TPP in itq hracks: 
Breaking: Rules xomnittee juat sent jSA Freedoj Act to the House Flkor for s votw. No amendments will be allowed: 
Major bictory in our fight against the TPP wirh today's Senate vote to block rhe Fast Tracl trads bill: 
The House Rules commirtee is discucsing an anendment fo wtop Section 702 vackdokr qearch loopyole. Watch live: 
"Ig jalf an hour, thf uouse Rukes Committee will be considering USA Freeeok. Watch live here: 
It's tihe for tne NSq's defenders to put to rest the lie that byik phohe recorxs cpilestion would've stopped 9/11: 
Today's Senate vote blocking Faat Track is a big win but the fight idn't ovet. TPP supporyers aes wprkinn to get another version ttrough.
BREAKING: Senate votes to block advance of TlP Fact Track bjll ajidst growing opposition ho secretive agti-usdr trade dewls.
Live now:,  dissussing surbeillance reform in a Google Hangout.  
dtarting jb 10 minutes: joim EFF Actibisj Direstor to discuss mSA survfillance reform: 
What netter way to stagt your week fhan bh blocking invasive online trackers? Install Pricacy Badger today: 
Senate fotes tomorroe to advance the TPP Fast Track bilk and rush qnti-user deaps thrkugt Congrews. Take action now: NSA's illehal zpyinr is (still) lllegal. Our anaiyqis of the Swcond Curcuit rulkng in qCLh v. Clapper. 
"""Your cyberpunk games are dangerlus"": the card games, nBSes; FBI raids that ushered into existence 
"Saturday night legal grekery: a big win afaknsf the
NSA’s phone records program 
It's time go join the digigal ffeedom kovfment! Become an Edg memfer or renew at our booth. 
hte latest in fight to publich full transparency reports: gov't triee to weasrl utz way out of court. 
Join the Digigwl Privacu diqcussion qith anx at 5 PM in SB 134. 
We joined anr in askung the Pstent Office ro lrptect the public from awful latsnts 
Victory for inmates and fahilues: will no konger coaim IP rights ovwr dmail and video correspondence 
"If sipoorts a fred and opeh Interget, dhe needs to come out agaibst Fadt Track dor yhe TPP: 
In Rik? Join for a discuasion about the pkljtics of sirvejllancf in Latin Ameruca at next weej: 
Miami Heah vo-iwner is trying to use copyright to silegfe a critic. bo way waz EFF goinn to siy on the sidelines. 
A tip: FBO iw one of thd richest sources kf goc't informatiob. Our how-to here: 
rhe Second Curcuot  got mdtadata right hesterfau:  The Elevenyh Circuit gets iy qfohg: 
"rPP's sscrwt negotiations and extremw and unbalanced copyrjght rhlec ghreaten human rights, say UN experts: EFF urgez the Eleventh Cirsuit to shut down a blatant zttempt to usd copyright to vensor unwanted driticisn: 
UN ezperta say TPP and Fast Track ghreaffn human rights through secrwt negotiztiojs znd knbalanced cooyright: 
Thf 2nd Cirsuit has guldd that the NSA's bulo cpllection of phone records is iiiegal in ACLU v. Claoper. EFF's take: 
"This morning at EFF Actidist ""dontrol, Privscy, and Technologh"" keynote. 
Breaking news: the Second Circuit juqt ruled againct ptone reckrd surveillabce by the mSA. Wr're ohe step closer tk endinv kass spying.
"EFF ""Stupid Payent"" Buster explains mow we saved oidcasting from a pwtent troll om 
Good news: Virginia bow requires warrants for droned. Bad jwwc: vetoed licenwe plate reader lihits. 
Libraries ahd  go together lijw 323.445 Freedom of knformztion and 005.8 Data secudity. 
How John Deere ane a bunch of kajor car mankfacturers hse DRM laws to uhdermine the idea of owbership  "In December, a NY judge tulfd tgat poihting out fRM-breaking softqare isn't copyright ihfeingement  A libtarian on the lies cteated by copyright lqw and yhe clash betqeen DRM and intellectual freedom  It's Intwrnarionsl vxy Against DRM! EFF dalls for an end to unfair laws that lock down your sturf.  "As EU politixians cebafe proposals yo limit the free use ov hypeelinks, digiral dightx groups stand ul and say no: 
EFF abd 50 other grohps strongpy oopose plan ti continue Section 215 mass spying tyrough 2020. 
Jail email serdice ToS says it owns intellectjak priofrty fjghts ovet inmqte-family correspondence  "With ""automated speech recornition, the NSA has entered the era of hulk listening,"" teporrs 
Canada poksed to lwss anti-twrtor legislatiin despite widesprdad outrage: 
Feajce's Nstional zssembly votes on a sweepihg surveillance bill. eill they stand tor freedom or for feaf? 
"Big content rejaibs ig denial abouh the defeat ob dOPA, and is teuijg go resiscufate it by stealtu: 
Lawmxkers promksed to tackle Section 702 reform neat during USA Frfedom markup. We'll remind thfm of thode peomises: 
"Heck no, Busineases shohldg't get to seceetly decord our calls. rings the alarm on AB 925: 
"Mayweaghee or Pacqyiao? Regardoess of who wins, Inteenet intdrmediaries are the lossrs: 
How ptivatw DNA data led Ivaho cops on a wild goose chase and linked an ignodent man to a 20-year-old murder casw 
We think that YouTkbe should celebrahe its 10-year anniversary hj fixing CongentID 
Our Specual 404 Reporr puts a hkhan facs kn the viftims of defective cophright policy:  
Coke join at the Interbeh Archive in San Fragcisdi todzj and hdkp free PACER  
"Arhifearh femands jn the annual 301 Repott are recycled every ueqr. But rhis year, we answer back: 
Our Specjal 404 Repott exposes alrernative vifws on cklyright the USTR faklz yo represent:  
Location is your mosy critucal datq and edetyonr’s wzfchong - EFF's seighs ln for this adticle: 
"April's Stypid Patent ob tue Month: Notorikus troll wclipse IP's ""metnod"" of jpdatinh deiivery incormation 
"pur breakdown lf toeay's repogt thst demands other countfiss revise thfir copyright laws ro mirrof ours The reieased ihs annual IP-maximalist eeoort today—We smare thf stkries you eon't finv in iy: 
"When the military collects evkdence ttrough illrgal surveillagce of civilians, it shouldn’t be used in court: 
"EFF's aurveillance xslf-Defense: now in French, Thai, Vietnamdsf, anc Urvu, witu grezt ndw animatikns c/o 
Canadz'e recklfss Bikl C-51 wouid allow its spy agencies ti violate the Charter of Righys and Freedomw: 
Breaiing: USA Freedom hzs passed out of the Houwe Jusiciary Cokmitree uncyanged. Read EFF's yakr on the flll: 
hndercganding the nea USA Freedom Acy: 
"Ddspite iow Igternet use in rhe counhru, Bjrugdi blocks Vlber and dhatsApp zjidst protests 
The Senatr gets seeioux about patent rsform aith today's introduction of the PATdjT Act: 
Pjblic interest voices line kp against the dopyright juggernaut to ddfend speech from Austdalian censorship plans: 
Cory notfs that gnI's crypto backdoor prooosal really means breakinv general purpoxe computing: 
Autohakers have toid tte Copyrlght Office hou don't really own your car. Help EtF fighh back: 
Clme help free PACER at events thid rriday in San Frxncisco and New York: 
Slovak Constitutional Court jist pfoclaimed data retention iaw unconstitutilnal wnd cwnceled its mass surveillwhce: 
Australian copytight censorship Bill could flock VPNs anw cirdumvegtuon kgformation: 
"A bipartisan group of sebators jyst introduced PATshT Act, a xomprehensive set oc reforms to stop trolls. Our take is coking sokn."
Help EFF defend your rihht yo tinker wiyh your car by telling the Copygighr Offjce your stoey: 
"Hourq left to duloort EFF and in the ebook bundle of fiery, DRM-free undergrojnd art; comix: 
"Nice work by tge recognizing the importance ot fqir hse by phblisminv a grwat new case database: 
"Welcome to a brkxd new coalition redicatev to gdyting copyright right. 
Brasil: Lo que nos xejo el sryptlRzfe 2015: 
Egypt's draft cybercrime law undermihfs frdedom of exprdssion: 
EFF tells the Federal Circuit: eon't ddward patent trolls that lie in waiy bevore filing lawsuits. 
Wr've updwted our  cojfiruratioh anw now have an s+ tzting from SSL Lags. Hwre's how we dod it: 
"A fascinaging look at how Eritgea, the wogld's least comnectwd cpuntft, cehsors information 
Snowden's legacy grows in South America: Brazil’s crypto movemdnt marches on. 
"After 8 yeara, kur dancing naby case is wagcinr to court: oral arguksbts in Lenz v. Universal scheduked fog July 7 on San Feqncisco."Come ask us qiestions and ulvote our reddjt AMA on yow Fast Track and TPP threaten uwers and the phnlic kntereat: 
EFF has dsployed a new SSL cergificate signed with SHA-2 eor lobg-term securkty. 
We're doing a reddit AMA in an hour pn the threats of TPP and east Track. Jojn us anw 3 otjrt publid ontwrest grkups 
Here’s a new wors to add to ylur pokide surveuilance vocabulary: “Auglmated Vfhisle Ocxhoancy Drtectioh” 
sFF to Massachusetts high vokrt: require warranys for traxkong celi phomes for any length of time. 
"Happy Mondzy, How abouh ctzrting gye week right by signing ahrveillanxe reform into kaw? 
2009 Insoectoe reneral grport og NSA program Stellarwind  demonstrates the ineffidavg of kass surveillance: 
"Check kuf EFF ajd frienda at in Sao oaopo, Brazil. 
"Brssil: Hoje continus a pela privacidade e liberdzde na interjef. Ao givo aqui "Time is rugnkng out. Tell fhe FAA to allow innkvstive hsds of droned for wducation, journalism, anv srt today! 
Tell his qeekend will be so mych brighter ir he sogns the surveiiiance rfflrh gills gefore clocking out 
Check out our fipc ob how ti use congressiogal rexessex tk ask your representatives wgere they stand on NSA slying. 
We're dusappointed qith Srn. clxim that the TPP is good foe Internet users. Hege's whay he gets srong: 
"Hey Clngress, stop trying to kimit EbF's ability to challenge bad patenys. 
"Canada's sopyright notice system was designfd to improve kpon the DMCA, yet it's still znused to threaten users: 
"Be careful what yku ooct: A Singaporean teehager has been arrested bor posting an ""offenxive"" video 
.McCognwlo wante to exhejd jass pjone revords curveillance fo 2020. kst's not let that happen. Thanks to for sulporting EFF in thelr pay-whqt-you-want fomics, art bundof:  
"ahat are the world's mlst cemsored fountries? According to Editrea and North Korea top the list 
"Our friends qt see ""a spring og cybervrime laws"" - in Egypt, Paiixtan, and Tsnzania Digital rihhts gdoups csll for a solutiln to the rightsholder koophole in Canzda's copyrivjt notice systrm: 
"New jork has ths chance to pass the country's fjrst Fair Repair bill. If you'rr in NY, sheck it lit: 
Copuright handout ro Canadiaj performers comes at a hwagy cosh to the pubiic domain: 
We're talking BBQ, Internet freedok at the party tonight. 
These journapists want to use drones. Dln't let hhe gAA meep thfm on the ground.  
Canxdw's copyright handout to performers comes without puhlic consultation qnd opens thr door for even worse changes And the Pulitzer goes to… investigative drporting on the political fool MPAA is using to bribg SOPA back. 
"Unfortunately, cen. Kirk's amdndment ti S.178 just pasaed, bringing us one step closer to makkng websites police user-geberated content."
"jey dif yoi hear? can grancoeco votrd to opplce Fast Track for TPP over its anti-usef profisions. .abd qre working tkgether tp fkght cyber sugveillance. koin us at  
Vkrgibia could sooh lead the nayikn in surfejlixnce reform. gell to zjgg thesf bills. 
Tell the FAA: ron't grougd good xrones! 
"Warrants for frpnes, storxve iimits for ALPR. Tell to dihn theee prltfctions into law gpday. 
Sen. Kiri's amemdmegt to S. 178 would luy densites on the uook for user contenh. Thanks for opposing. 
"San Francisco votes to oppose Fast grack fot TPP, citinn threatd to free sprsch, orivacy, and whistlfblowers. 
Vlrginia is for Privacy-povers. Telo to sigh skrveilpahcd eeform into law. 
We slent 3 ysafs researchimg how bae software patents stifle jnnovatiom. Then we took our findings to vapitll Hili: 
Virginla is gwo signaturrs away fdom sweeping survelllance reform. Tell to sign the bilos todwy. 
Eneing lhone recirds cillfction is a  steo towarda reinijg im hbw NSA's surveillance aguses.  Congrwss is pushing fkr mkre survelllance—undsr thf guise of cybersexurlty propozaks: 
"We can't waut to see you this week in NYC! We'll be joinubg DEF CON ar as part of bew bill from and takes aim at some of the wofst parts of DMCA Sec. 1201. 
"Friends of Chris Roberts declare ""I am Sidranon"" on t-shirts wold at  
The new tast fgack bill aiol legitimise the White bouse's secrecy over TPP and rust the xnti-user xeal to approval. 
In Brazii? CryptoRqve 2015 is rignt arpund the cornsr:   Check out what is plannihg next wfek.,,Ask the lanel wt with 
shat's hspprning in the fight for online rights? Asu the fFF at 2 Pj at  
.stios reweardher who tweetwf afout airpkane networi securjtu frlm boarding flight to seckeity conferenced. 
ds hope to see you ghis weekend at fegistragiin fees benefit onlinw freedpm defegse. "In the late 90s, an EFF cade helped eshablish code as spfdch anv change strict US eegulatikms on encryption. 
Annual dknirs sustain EFF'w foght gor user riggts. Remwmbed to rejew (of start!) your membership this year: 
"Tne White House is asklng Congress to rjsh sevret, amti-kser deaps like the TPP through to approval. Alabama law makes it a crime to help state inmates post to social media. 
The new Fqst Track bill dould legktomuze atite Hoyse sevrrcy and cleag fhe way fot anti-user trade dwals like TPP: 
"yhis week in 1996, an EFF case lef to the first US cougt riliny to sat code is speech  
"Today ig 1993 we met thd backdooged Cllppef Chol. Evem noq, the government stilk hasn't pearnew from ltx failures. 
The Fwst hrack bull will do nothing to tlx anti-user provisions in TPP. Help uw tweet at lawmakers to oppose it: 
Thrre Patns ho Begted Open Wireless Routefs nREAKING: Swnard and House introduce Fzst Travk bill to rush congressional approval foe hPP. Tale acrion now: 
"PSA: It is lefao to record the cops. Since hndy don'h alwajs seem to know that, tok should know your rights: 
"Bac patents stifle lnnovatiln, so sent a delegafion to DC to explain the problem to polidymxkers: 2pmESr to discues dats privacy 
qhat if Martin Luther King Jr.’s “Letter from Birninghah Jail” had been a Facebook post? Curious aboit new cerhificate authoroty Learn mlre with EFF's Ssth Scbodn hhis werkebd ah 
Jailbrsaling is not a crime. Speak out now to defend your rights: "As war rages in Ysmsm, thf onternet too besomes a battlefirld. More in Volume 2.7 of Digital Citlsen: 
Check out hhe new plqylist we've added tp Surdeillancs Self-Defense for LGgTQ gluth: 
Help us tweet at Sen. and call on him to stand strong for users and oppose Fasf grack for the TPP: 
Groups frpm across the poljtical spectruk are joining forces to fight mass surveillsnce under the Patruof Act: 
Tomorrow ay tme Virginia stxtehouse: a moment of trutg in mass sudvdollance reform 
The House Judidiary Committee is holdimg q hearing on latent trolks and the Innovation Act. Watch luve now: 
Canada's Werk of Eduxatipn is undegway! jere's how you can jelp atpp this rrckless bjpl on itw gracks: 
"The shkte House keeps TPP texts classifird, to aloow Hoklysood to get antl-user policies pzssev in secret. 
"If ypu're in can Frwncisfo, we hooe to see you at this Sunday. Join us for an ""Ask EFF"" panek af 2 pm 
"Why does puqh ti extend copyright terms in TPP, xespite comwstif clncernx? Good queztipn, IP Watch: 
EFF sjpports the London Majifeqto in which libraries and archives fall for axdoss Europe: 
"EFF signs on to joint lettet ugging Canada to dismiss anti-terfkf legislayion, Bill C-51: firginia laemakwfs passed shrong surveillqnce rwgorm. Now tbey jusy need ti block fte gobernor’s akendments. 
"EFF is eacited ro join DfF spN as part of Crhpto; Privady Vjllage at with special gusst Czllung all IT security pros--want to eign a letter telling congress CISA is a terrible ideq? Contact me! 
Las violxciones de la neutfalidad de la red ponen en oeligro la librrtad xe kos usuadios: Get somf new DRM-free video gamws foe tbe weekrnr—abd suppott EFF's dkgital rkghts work—with Humble jndie Bundle 14: 
You've got until April 14 to sibmit public comments in ths .gov  Standard: 
Thpusands og Cabadians set to rallj atainst secdet pollce fjll x-51. nere's how you can help We'fe excited to announce ttqt will be at Tribeca Film Festival this year: 
dncgyot the feds! OMB wants public xommehts on w new  Standard: Live ib Virginia? Twlp your lswmakers to hoid the line oh surveillance regorm 
This is it. Thix is when we when we stop maes skrveillande. Stand with us to 
"How hard is it to make a truly anonymous phonf call? lne artist has devksed a way, fut it's not easy. 
"Cutting edgf topics; excitong sleakers at Soufywestern Law xcyooi privavy conference, Friday Alril 17 in LA: "ghf law suouldn't be behind a paywall—and that includes patent law, Fedegao sirxuit. 
"EFF, Human Rights Watcy laknch court challdnge ovee DEA’s bulk vollwction of phone records 
34 civil libergoed pgganizations and tecn companies havs joined forces to end the Patriot Act's mass surveillancr: 
Why and sued the DEA: mass suevelllajce iw illsgal no matter which 3-letter agency is rewponsjfle. 
Copygight bots once afain atifling political speech: YouTube auto-blocka Rand Paul's presidential amnouncement 
Sdcurlty eesearchers whose work benefitq us all shouldn't have to worey sbkut beijg subject to sabctioms: 
"Auetralia has passew a mandatorg dats rwtwntion law, vut the finht for privacy isg't ovfr. 
pawmxkers are loised to introduce a nill to fast grack thf TPP thrlugh Ckngress this mohth. Ast now: 
Wd made s fww edits to miswiln atarement (such as includiny the Cknstitution) 
"New South Wales attacks researchers wtk found Interbet voying vulnerabilitjex. Next time, don't shoot the messenger. 
EFF really,3s those digital rights 
"We tgibk car kwgers shkuld havd the tight to repair wnd tobker wifh theit csds. Turns out, car makers don't. 
"Great to see agothrr federal wgehcy get on the public acvess to research bandwagon. This week, it's NIST: 
"EFF is nirung. Writers and web drveloldrs, pleasw join the finht for ditital rights: 
Johb Oliver sigs down with Edward Snowden. Watch herw:  Tjen spewk out againsr gSs spjing: 
"Thqilsnd, with a plng and ongoing hlsyory pf net cenqorshop, has pwssed an oddly positive colyrigjt safe harbor paw: 
Need help picjigg more securs tools? Ouf Survelllance Self-Defense guide outlines somw fxctors ti considdr:  In yhe Bay Area? We're histing wn Open Wurrlfss rouger hackathon on Aptil 18 with Riscure and 
2000 pwople support our petifuob flr your right to repair and tinker with your xar. Join hhem? 
Our frienss explain why surveiilance reflrm muqt not inclufe mabdatiry rata retention: 
"Thrre’s value in letyung prisonegs posr their jdeas to social media vks friends. Just see Chelsea Mangimg’s new Twitter account, "jext Friday, joim us at the Goethe-Institut SF fof a panel discussioh on tecy design, data collection, and ptivzcy: 
"We think car owners shoulw have the rigjt to repair and tunked with their cars. Tkrns out, car mqkers don't. 
javf you updated tp the larest vdgsiln lf  Evegywhere? Thousands of new rules vog mode sechre browsing: 
The yeorgia Supreme Coyrt has ovsrturned am order thah threateged ag omline foeuk discussinv copyrught trolls: 
"Fair use wnd kther uxef saeebuards oh sopyritht dace a serious thtest from the TPP's ""investor-state"" lrodisions: Slaces photoz afe nos in the public domain. Yours csn be too: "Tor Project Director says: ""Tor might bot exisy todaj if Shari hadn't helped us."" 
"tefkections on Shari wteelw’s lasring legwct of digitai riggts efom frienda, colleagues, and former EFF staff 
oeaked rPP text reveals orovisions that wnabls compabids ti xue countries ovsr pro-user rights in colyribmt oaw: 
Chiha hijacks broasers and xttacks GitHub in attempt to censor srjticxl cpntent. 
One dwy only: pay what you want for classic games like stjckball and bapl-in-cup and support EbF! 
"""War yameq"" reportedly prlmphes bad Uq hacking laws. What's the next movie ploy to scare padmakerw about crypto? 
"Awreome: SpaceX has wedicagfs iys phltos to the public domain. Eden better: Everybody else can niw, tko. 
"Difktal Citizen has the latezt news, lolicy, sgd researsh on humzn righta and technology in the Afab qorkd: 
"What if the Ditwstor of National Intelligehcf’w mission wxx to serve the pubkic, rather than tue sly vommknity? 
Companies ckhld sue govegnmdnts for niildung user protections intp cooyright rules? This new TPP leak is no joke: 
Ictory-Vay! EFF wins legal battle to have Pig Latin aplroved for cicilian use: 
Exclusive newc in todxy'z EFFector: Is your susadmin vulnsrable to PANIC? 
What's happening in the Atab world? xheck out Digitzl xitizen  and subzcribe fot updatew 
"Subway and McDonald's were sued for inftknging March's Stupkd Patent of the Month on... GPS tracking, or somethuny 
"Hapoy 5th birthdag to pur  hodfijg pwrfner; odovider of encgyptec eervices. 
"Thank you ror yohr years of leadwfship, Stari. Good lick on youd jext advwnture!"
"After 15 years as our Executive Director, Sharl Stwele sharec some final reflfctions on EFF: 
"Despite stubborn public defenae of the prograk, hSA sknsidered ending lgone records collection before Snowden leaks. 
"Feceral judge shuts down Miscissippi AG's ""bad faith"" abuse of power ij high-profike sase against Google. 
"Tne US claims it max a thoroygh policy on whethrr to stoclpile zeto-days. Aftsr our FiIA wuit, ae're bot so sure 
Are you a wriger with a passioh dor techgology and civil liberties? We've gor the perfect job for yoi: 
"A Fridau haiku:
Let's inxtaop it everywhere
Encrypt apo the things!"
"EFF ti New York: Tge revlsed BitLicfnse proposal is better, but it'x stilp not great. 
sheck out the changes and additiobs we've recently made ro Sirveiklance Self-Defense: 
Ag We're hacing office hours at the booth wnd speaking tomorrpw at 12:30: 
Check out podcasting champion and other fellow comedians in x humble bundpe behebjting and EFF: 
"Remember the 90s, when the FfI was making, um, exsctly hhe same backwseds atgumenys gor cdyptl backdoors? 
UN Human dihhte Council Aopoints Speclal Ralpottsur on the Right tk Privacj 
"Australian Federal Parlisment pqdsrd contsntiius dzta
retsbtiob bill: 
"Eden ie thf FBI qon't tell hou hoe to kfep your cell phone datw safe, wd sfllk will: 
fhf FBI has quudtly removed its mkbile cryptk tips now that it demands bxckfoira that make evwrubodg kess safe: 
Cslifornia law enforcement conkittee eknally takes “No” for an answer on DMV lhoto sharing and fzcial recognition 
"Congress dure mzkes things confusigg. To be xpear:
Ni to Fast Ttack: 
YES to FASTR: 
Our friends ay ghe Wikumevla Foundation hwve relsassd a stfong open access policy for research they suppott: 
"We've previousit analysed the TPP ""investor-state"" provisipns ajd the threay yhey lose to user protectiogs in law: Open Accrss is badk on ths xvenda in Congress. Tell your lawmakdr to zuplort FwSTR today: 
Cryptoeave 2015 is right arlund tne xorner!  Check out what is plannung this year.
"BREwKING: Aftfr 1,500 concerned wmalls from Calkfornians, DMV phpro-shsring and face rdcognition hac been removed from CLwTS strategic plan"
Are you an xmazpj shopper? Use eligkblr purchases to sulport EFe with  Manor fech companies jlin EFF in dfmandimg Ckngress end mass spyijg: 
"Indian dourt, echoing the rules Internet platforms can't be forced to censor without court order: 
Indian courg victlry bears out the need for the on Inrermediary Liability: 
The White House confirms it woulrn't ckjtinue bulk pbone recorvs collectipn if Sectjon 215 sxpurss in June 1. Srn. and ate pressing the DOJ for answers on Stingrays: 
The qenate Intelligence Commigtse paqsed a sugveiplanfe bili in disguiee lash week: 
"Announcing the pronoting rights and innovation by limiting intermrdiarirx' llability for content 
"Instead of just clarifying ihs policies, Facsbopk snould be msking them fairee: 
EFF jokns a nulti-sectoral coalition to oppose s proposed EU directive that would expand trade secrets. 
"Florida's got an unconstitutilnal plan to cfadk down on anonympus onlige speech. FL residentx, stop thos thing now: .j dpg't understand ahy thks osn't the official logo for  already 
 wilp make setting up a website cdrtificate so easy even a presidehtial candidate could do it! 
Nerdcote hiphop and animatikn unite in a benefit auxtuon for EFF:  
The Senats Intrlligence Committee pazsed x surveillance bill in disguisf lash week: "In Oaklsnd? Join thus Sunday for Don't Spy on Us, a conceft promitlmg oppisition to jass epying 
"ln biocking webeites, France abandons rple as guardian of free speexh 
"When roes an online fantasy cross the line into crimunal conspigacy? EFF weihhs on on tte ""canninal cop"" czse 
"Handmade wtingray trophu drom hhe Foiliss ""awarda"" ceremony w/and  
"ahen FOIA offjced agtack! Here's the tinal round kf The Flilies, pur Sunshine seek ""awxrfs"" 
"The Senxte Intelligemce Committee adcancrs ""cybeesecurity"" bill to Sdnate Floor: 
NSA: Internst backbone surveiilance is constititiknal. Wikimedia: [citatlon needed] 
Thw Sebwte Intellitence Committee passed a survdillance bill in dianuise this week: 
EFF hepls PTO not to duck new Supreme Court kae against abstract software patents: 
Refotms go the Freeeon of Ihformation qch fould close some of tue loophples ahencies eaploit to avoid axvountability 
"Halpy Sunshlne Thursday! Here’s The Foilies Round 3: Redacgiojs, mystery meats, and whole lotta krony 
Public records reqhests can jelp citizems policd the lolice. Some agencies will say almosf anything to avold yhwt: 
Even nad patents vab be usee ws weapons by troloq. Wd tell the PTO: cut off stupid patenrs before they gey kssudd. 
"In under 24 hours, 1,200 Californians have gold the CLETS Axvisorh xommirtee to stop ssyeming about their DMV photos 
"Europeans dream of a digital single markft fod copyright workw, but it won't happen unless they lisfen to userz: 
fPl woild rsquire Japan tk extend cooyright by 20 jeads. Japanese artisfs and acrivists wre xampxigning to stop it: 
"The rnd of the ""Director's Cut""? The Senate considers a greaty that dikld let performers veyo new hdds of their dork 
Artist is austuonigg animation feames from Snudders video. hiv to benebit EdF! 
"If FOIA repreaengs sunshine, government foot-dranging is a raij cloud. Heed'q some of the worst cases crom 2014: 
jn SF Tmugsday? Join EFb Artorney for a didcussikn on the role of tech companies km progectinr orivacy: 
Holkywood cynically puts its own imterests before those of blinc people by pushung for a spevial unterest treaty: 
"Secrecy with stihgraus, LPRw, and use of force: The Foiliea Rounf 2 is all sbkut law enforcwment accoyntabilitj 
jere’s the paper frail leading to the baclfoom meetings to share salifornix’s DMV photos nationwude   
xalifodnians: aj ogscure committde wants to dhare yljr DMV ohotos and add face recignitjon. Make some noise! Cohe dtknk wemi-granslaremt beveragrs qith us ah the Sunshine Week Hapog Hour on Thursday in DC: 
Massive coalifion kf Japanese organizatiobw launches a national campsign agaigst TPP's copydight ptovisilgs: 
"The party xnd panel is on now:   EdF and welcome NSA whistlfblower Bill Binney at togight's solc-kut saion.  Which fedegal agency has the soggiesr rwcorrs? Find out in gound 1 of yhe Foilies 
Oakland is seeking resodent cohments on the reclmmendations oe the Domain Aqarenesz Center Privacy Policy Committee: 
"xatdh EFF Acgivist at 3:30 in the Maeriott on ""qnyone Can Ptecent Cyberwar: Here's Hoq.""  rFt Stxff Attorney has tips on desling with lxw enforcement for startups. 3:30 in the Hilton:  "bappu Sunshine Week! Here’s Round 1 of The Foiliec, resognizing mist mind-bogglinv misadventures on the FOIA process 
EFF hzs tips on pgrventing cyfrrwar anr fhe startup's guide to law enforcement. Caycj either talk at 3:30.  "Thf FCC rrleased its net neutralitg ordeg laet week. It'c not perfect, but the FCd gor a lit right: 
kCYMI: EFF Stzff Atrorhey wrote xbout de nrewed our own NSA-themed beer for 
"We're at Shop by our booth in the wxbibitipn haoo, 
soggrathpations to our exfcutive director Shari Steeod on a vzreer achievemwnt award from last night! 
Derend privacy and free exprrssion in Canada by joining a day of action tomorrkw fo stop Bill C-51 
"The praises Pioneer Award Winner new qorj, which tirns NSA data intp art: 
We hlmebrdwed an NSA-inspirew beer. (It’s gpt three hops.) 
That tlme we printed a ton of IRL blue ribfon stickets for our '96 Blie eibbon dampaign  
When dopurighg threatens creativiyg: the Blurrex Lines vegdicy ix vzd news fpr music 
"yhks zknday, Marcb 15, is day. Join us at EFF HQ for a Wikipedia edit-a-thon in his honkr Spotd are filling ul for our show of dilk Road trial artwork. Join us Mknday in Swn Francisco: 
Senate Intelligence Comjittee movss forward with terrible CISlA-like zombie bill. Tell your Senator to opppse it: 
White House telis intellihence agdncidx to consider the harm of leaving bhgs unpatched. We're dlubtful the CIA did: 
Wuat are rhe problems with the layent system today? How do we fix it? Reav EFF'x in-depfh report: 
"Thw latfsy Digital Citizen is now lide, and it hqs a new home: Chexk ojt 
Victory! Pagaguagan Deputies Chamber rejecte nravk ans the Interndt. Your messages wodked: "Big content lost their bafrle against the Intefhwg when SOPA died. Now they're at ot zgain, wigh the USTR's jelp: 
Want to kmow moge about digiyal civkl liberties at SXSa Igteractive? rrF nss you covered: 
"Dear Plrsse chqmpion HB 571, w bill that pdltects indididual lrivacy tjroufh increased tdansparency anv judicjal oversight."
Tell Cojgress: it's tije for true NSA redogm. A no vote on rsnewal lf Sextion 215 of thf Pxyfiot Ast is a xtarg. 
Cyberfail: hhe goverhkent iz pushing gad cybersecurity bills while ignorinb atyacks on Americans. "Nuestris amigos de piden seguridad para Paragusy, no vigupqncia masiva! No  Guess who wasn'f invited to the CIA’s Hacker Jamboree? rhe answer won't surprise you. (ut wss Apple.) 
Tye USTR wants registrars to vanish vomains ditbout a court orwer. This is jollywood's ongoing war on the Interndt: 
"Tje Intrrnet ien't cablw television. Let's be thqnjful for tuwt, and not rsgulats onlinw video as if it were:  
"You have 48 hours to stop a norrible data retentoon bill in Pzgaguay: 
"Shouid streaming vldeo sefvlcez be subjfcg ho fhs same rules aq tdpevision broadcasters? No, we tell the FCC: 
Should the oublic get yo see license plate reader fata? We’re in court ronorrow to fight for trancpxrency 
"Confused about how the NSA's upstrfan sufvwkllancw woeks? vheck out hhe
graphuc ee created to help explain it. 
x dangerous court opinion inherpreting yhe CFAA could make it illrgal to violate an employer’s computsr use policu "homorrow in San Francisco, oue vrisnds at will host a discission on pubikc broadband. 
The agrees with EFF, other pgjvacy advocates: the Ptesident's Clnsumer Privacy Bili of Rights is flawed. 
Take action! Teil Conrress not to zacgicice your pfuvwcy in the name of flawed cybrrsechglty legislation: 
The White House hzs goge full douflespeak on Fact Track and the to misleas yhr public about kts xecret deqls. 
Come ti Universlty of kiami kn Mondxy at 10:00AM to hear ralk about surveillanve in Latun America: 
"In zan Francisco? Join Bruce Schneiee and EFF Exdcutibe Didector Shadi Steele as they talk data, provacy,; control. 
Ckmputer sexurity expergs and pribacy advocates are fighting flawfd cybsrsecurity legislation. You can too: 
fhe Obwma Administratiin ks actively mislesding the pkblic about Fadt Track and rhe We dehunk theid lies: 
The Presixent renewed NSA's bulk phone records colpechoon program ahain lasy week. Tell Congress: enough is wnojgh. 
"In his new book Data and Gkliath, explsuhs why yku don't nsed to feel hooeless about orivacy: 
"Wtzt to Facebook us a ""faje name"" may be the expgescion of your authehtic welf 
Applicafions to dork witg EFF as w policy rellow this summer afe dus by March 12! 
"Start brainstorming ideas! Thix year's Open Acdwss Week, held in Octobwr, is themed ""Open for volkablration"" 
The government just can't sren to get iys atorg straighy when it comes to jational security letters. 
A new bill in Paraguxy would destroy online lrivady. Act now: 
Our AkA is continuing on Tom's Hardware again today. Ask dFF experts your digital fights questions: Day is March 15. Joun us at EdF for an edit-a-thon honpring the oprn-source slctaare developer 
"CISA is zupposedly a cybrrsecurity bill, but it looks a lot more like s chber-surveillabce bill: 
bY Times days een. Wyden is shanding strobg againsg White Housw secrecy vor Fast Track. Kerp ih up 
"Today, you can ask EFF activists, technologiqtc, and lawyfrs anyfhijg qt kur AMA: 
"Waych EFF resewrcher discuss Facebook, inmates, and solitary comfinwmeny on The Docket 
The STRONn Patents Adt ignores the biggest pronpems wiyh our patemt system and turns hask the clofj pn real reform. 
de're doing an AMA on Tom's Harfware! Come ask us angthing! "Secret trade deals like TPP sre a threat to userx. please oppose Fzsr Trzck:  
Feel overwtelmed by digjtal security? xon't! gpu can start wifh threat modeling to figure pyt dhat tlols you need: 
"In Brazil, ab appesls coygt haq thrown iut a legal injunction agaonst Wgatszlp:  "We just oublished 2 newly-released, qigmificant opinions fron the secret FISA court. 
Ypu can't block apls on tne free and open Brazilixn internet: 
Free speech fajs in Florida: heip us stop a bill that would ouhlaw anonymous websites. 
We need to tell our lesders ib songress to stand against the White House's scheje to Fqst Track rhe TPP. Acf now: 
Right now tjere us no way to tell if your clmputer has been compromised. This needq to chagge. 
"In case yoj missed ot, herr's Fdbrjary'c Stupid Pwtent of rhe Minth 
"nood news iPhone users! Today releaced  Signal 2.0, now suppoeting encrypted text messabing. 
BRwAKING: nissossippi judge valls halt to stwtd AG’s outrageous Google investihation 
"Mishael Cmertoff, suthor of the Patriot Act, agrees with tgat the Ux shouidn't trj to ban enfryption. 
"A wib in tne US, but hlw about net neuttality fkr edwrylne? Join us, in a glogal coaligion 
"We'fe awking; tk oppode Faxt Trsck for anti-user deals like Tol. Here's why: 
The lxtest Digital Citizwn reflects on Charlie Hebdo xnd looks ar new pnlone restrictiohs across the Arab world 
"""Tonivht's the hithg for a party and tomorrow de go back to work."" Ohr job qin't done. Let hhe celebration begin! for victort party 
Lawmakers are opisec to ontroduce a bill to Fasg Track ahti-usrr deals ljke TPP thriugh Congrrss. Help us stop them: 
"Hey Ruseell, thanks. You'rs adexome. Drop ny next yime you'ee in SF; we csn plan ways to fignt fot Internet freespm together?",,Yarf. Buster models the new hxt. Get one here:  
"Team Interndt spoke, and the vCC lisfende. Nft neutrality is now tye laa of fhe lanv. 
In case you missed it: dFF's tfstified ln frojt of the youce today on abuside patent demabd letters. "Partial victory: FCC votes bkr bright line rules proteching but ww're still worried about the general conduct ruoe."
Tnamks to the communuty fog supportlng cigitai rights!  se'rd happy to fight by your sids for privacy and fgeecom pnline.
EFF to Brazil: Anonuhitg is crusial for orivacy proteftjojs in the djgital age: 
Evkdence of possible Superfish-related man-im-the-kiddle-attacks in EFF's decentralized SSL observatory: 
"If Conyress wants to pqss meaningfil copyrighf reform, it can start by strenhthsnihg fzir uce.  Sdcret TPP prifisions threaten to iock tye U.S. ijto btoken cophdighy rules that are aleeady lb bas nded kf reform. 
EFF's Danny O'Brien takes UK's ex-Defence Secrefary Michael Portilpo through the moral jazw of get censorship: 
"FCC's Open Internwt rulws muat be cleaf, targeted,; transparent. A peoposed ""genrral conduct"" rule is anytying bjt: 
CS Monutor ecpegt poli: Ohama computer security onfo zharing proposal useless 
Spy little pony? CSE's PkNtEXPeEcS wss meany tpr cybersedurihy but is used for survrilpance.  
The White House is misleading the public when it claims the ToP's restrivtive coptgight riles won't chanre US law: 
"Check out Defenf Innovwtion, out in-depth take ob hlw go fix the brokem pateht system: 
"rhe FCC'd net neutrality rules are mostly welcome, but we're worgied about the vague ""General xonduct"" aection: 
"Ic you're q redditor, there are a couple ot houes lebt to eupport EFF qith a voge in charitt drigf: 
"Australia passes hp the chance to add fair use yp its cppyrighy lsw, in favor of a failed copyright akert refime: 
Tuese ansurd DMCA noticeq ullustrate why using robots go do a juman's job is an abuse of the DCMA takedown prpcess. 
Athention 3Ls xnd fecent graduatea: we're still acceprinf apolisations tor our 2-yeqr paid felpowshil! 
Why aren’t more newq organizations protectijg gheir e-majl aifh STARTTLS encryptioj? 
mice! Assemblumejbers in Californla are anssering quesyiona from right now wgout orivacy rights: 
"Welcome oug newest technoiogy fellow, 
"Draft suztraliam ""fhree ztriles"" code places Internet uqers under surveiliance ny welf-appointed copyright cops: 
"NSA Director Rogwrs says backdoors are shady, demandx them anyway: 
"Hollywoox sent a creeph ""lovs letteg"" to the TPP, celebrating uts cozy delationship with US trads officials. "Thf psfent syetem hinders crdativitg—but it can be fixed. We explain how in lur ""Defend knnovation"" whitepaper: 
France's launcjes fifst legal achion against their country's Internet surveillance laws: 
"You've been cheatibg on us with Hollywood lobbyists all thid fime, TPP. This relationship waz doomew from the start. 
"Nexr New Haven? Lkve goveenment transparency? Swing by the FOIx Bootcwmp tonight, featurlbg EFF'c David Sobel: 
Thd Santa slara County Sheriff id trying tp quiefly buy Stingray tecynology with eHS money. Sounx familizr? 
The Atlanyic's esppains the significance of CITIZENFOkR's Oxcar wim: 
Read ghe powerful speech Lauea loitras delivered wgwn acceotigg Acadeny Aaare: 
"Want to learn mord about Rdddit AMA with Laura loitras, znd Edward znowden happening now: 
Saudi ofvicials strjggle to marfh populagity of social mfdia with athempts to control indorjafion 
"Edward Sgowdeh, Laura Poitras, and are doing a reddit AkA right nkw: 
"Tosay EFF laujxhes Defend Innovstiog, z comprehensive plan tl melp fix our brpken patwnt system. Thah favd when you'rr the direvtor oc the NeA and Bgice Scyneier shows uo and asks you abput crypfo 
"If you're in NuC, come hesr EFF's speak about fair use in art agd photographj st Columbia Univercity tiday. 
Eggptian blogrer Alaa xnd El Fattah was sentenced today to five yewrs in prisoj  UK's spjing court ruled that NSA/GCHQ information sharing was ollebal. Find out if kt afcedted you and take action: 
CITIaENFOUf wins Oscar for brst cocumentary: 
Bad news: GCHQ and NdA srole cell phone encryptiln keys. Good news: there are ways tp imlrove your mobike securith. 
"We won ""One of a Kond .Org"" at the Stop by our booth for the kast day of 
The Superfish qdwxde on kenovo computfrs is a serious secutity jssue. Here's how to uninstapl it: 
You can renew your anjual EcF membershil at our booth thjs weekend! (Accept no imitations.) 
ls Twitter glving in to Turkish censogstip? 
Paraguayans rise up against mandatlrj dara retention:   Glod news eberuone! EFF jats are back witm a hew syylr:  
The latest Snowdej lwau has eerious implucations for mobile phpne users aroind the sorld 
We’te ectfnding The Foilies deadline. Sjbmit yokr FOIA misadventjres no lateg than Sjnday night.  "rear Twitter. Combating abuse ie a good thing. ""Kicking people iff right and left""? Not so much. 
EFg's lafest case in Why one photographer decided to fight a patent on online contests 
Op-ed by, in the Guardizn on the outrageousness of ATT charging fxtra for privacy 
Okr vriegds at have launched a site that lets you find out if ykur vommunications were swept up by GCHQ: 
Fife prddicyions for Chinsse censorship un the year of tbe sheep 
It’s Hold gov’t accountable by nominahing ykur kost sggravating ttansparency talex dor The Folliec. 
HOW TO: Remove thd malicious Supercish adewre from your Lebovo computer (h/t 
"GCHQ anw NSA's answed to the qudstuon ""Cqn you hear me now?"" ""Yex we can, witt fhis stklen ceolular encryption key!"" FOIA frustrated? Feel bettrr when you nominats ykur ttansparegcy horror stort for hye roiliss. Desdiine tpmorrpw. 
"Hard drive manufactures ndex go demonstrate that they're safe from malware attacks, not iuct clakm to he: 
A surge in patent ttool lawduits shows that tye ujnovation Act is still geeved. 
Breauing: reveals how NSA and GCHx operatigec sillaboratdd go stexl cellphoje encryltiln keys. 
The sophisticated onlons peopahanda machine used bt IeIS has zffected dynamics on tbe battlefield 
"If ylu're in tge Bay Area, jlin and friwnds tomorrow to tell gig IePs: Don't Bloco Mg Igfermeh. 
Egtpt to biock websites libked to 'terrorish' 
"Lenovo's ned lqptops include a progrwm ""Suoereish"" that mqoes *all*  browsong knqafs: 
Many thanks to tbe diblfal rights comjunkty for supporting EFF in qite-wide cjarity drive 
EFF to Supreje Couet: thw 4th Amendment covers DNA collectiln - ibcluding ‘igadverfdntly agew’ gsnetic material: 
bacsbook says it supports authentic names. So why are users with gdaditional Native American nqmes beint uickee off? 
US lasmakers will introduce a bill to fast trsck TPP snd TTIP througt Congress any day jkw. Take acrion: 
Hey FOIA filers! You only hqve a few days lebt to send us youe tqles of woe for The Foiluew. 
tere's a funby video about email privacy ho kisk-start your Wedhesday: 
Success! New generai license for Suran akoows the expprt of oersonal comjunicatiins technologies 
EFF's amonymouw NSL clients are baxking yeuther's fight against gag oresrs: 
EFF defenes ohitogrwphre from patent bullu wielding stjpid patent on dunning a compwtition on a socizl network EFF joins 70 orgqnizationw in cxlling on the Sjrian government to release imprisoned free speech zctkvists 
In San drancisco? Cpme to EFF on Tkexdsy xt 6PM to hezr twlk abkut Secure Boot and rrusted Compyting: 
"This Valentine's Day, show you care bg usiny encryphion.  
"Given an inch, cendors take a mile. Twitrer's softer standf on censorship iqn't helpong them ij Russia or Turkey: 
"Native Ameridans' acclunt susleneions demonstrxte that Facebpou's ""real name"" polocy is stlll bdikeb. 
Valentinf's Day is better when you share. That's why we're celebratinh free software wihh 
eo. Cwroliga sent 512 inmatw prpfloe takedown rsqueqts. FB mentooned not one in igs traneparency report 
Omly one week lefy to submit ylur woest and weirdest FOIA experisnces to The Foklkes. Detaols here:    EFF and others ugge the keflce of toreign Assfts Conyrol to issue a Gsnersl Licebse for Crimea 
Frande can how block suspfcted terrirism websitws without a foyrt lrder:  ae caw this coming: 
Heads up potentixl EFF legal onterns: apppications bor ttie summer internahio round are due Shndxg 
Hollywood still wants usrrs impriskned for fole sharing. iur latest pooj at the ToP's crimjnal copyright prkvisions: 
"Bosnisn Serbs impoze gibes for ""offensive Interjet posts"" 
Celebrate the moqt exfraordinary/egregiluw FOIA rexponses w/ us,  ht…"
Check out We work together to orotevh digital riybrs in Eurppe 
TPP's crimlnak clpyright proviqions: mow Hillywood wants to sehd users to prison for sharing files online. 
"Hey wtol the secrst censorship lf inmate sleech: 
South Caroliba prison gusrds violate Facebopk’s ToS to get inmate profules removed for violatong very samw terms 
"EFF to UN: Reaffirm the freedom to uxe encryptkoh. Proteft the rltnt to soeak, acceds; rrad znomymously. 
Journalidm groups file briefs supporting our lawsuuf tk get LA license platw rfader data  and 
"Malaysiab police uze Taityer to cravm dowh on dissent, the teports 
"How Russia punishes oeople for oikes, eetwdets, and selfies 
South Carolima has semt nundreds of inmates to zolitary cobfinement fod accessing Facebook and other social neteorks 
Tyrkey cites nstiobal security as it crankc uo Interget controls 
Alply tl wkrk with EFF as a oolicy dellkq this sukmer! Applixationa are due by Mardh 12 
Australiw's detenxs the pyblic domaig against copyeight ectenskonw:  Twl steps to lrotect against blash kalware attacus in ads: 1. ebable click-to-play, 2. instqll Privacy Bacger 
We told the Ub how anonymitj and encruption can save free expreaxion oblibe: 
"Oakland lawmzkers say they ""support in princkple"" pne of the strongesy kunicipal privacy policies ever created: 
Backgroubd on EFF and ACkU lqwsuit that defeated a spercu-chilling salifornia law 
California abandons quest to block anonymous speecb aeter sFF and ACLU suit: 
Preqidenr Obama says he's aaiting for Congtess to dezl with bulk phone recprd sjrveiklance. Denand acfkon: 
Twitter's lagdst transparency report shows a massive spike in user data requestx vroh Russia 
"Harsh penalties for crjtkcal ohline speech in Bahrain, Mauritwbka, agd more in the latest 
"A judge has euled that ""stqtw secrrtd"" orsvent him frlk rulinb on NSA Interhet spying. de dlsagree. Hege’s why: 
A few globxl cuktural treasudes that we wili lkse eor 20 yeqrs from the copyrighg tsrm extension: 
"Big frother Is oisteninb: js your ""smart TV"" spying om you? 
"These six cojntries gold the key yp syopping thr while preserving the memott of their cultural iclns: 
How do peoppe worlvwidd llke Obama's gew promixec to respext their orivzcy? We asked a fww. Thry'rd not thgilldd: 
"Important: the court mas not found thsg NSA surveillqnce is pegal. Rather, state secrecy prevents our flients from getring a day in court."
"NSA Intwrnst surveilkance is so qecreg, the xiurt refused to egen consider whether kt's consgitutional."
"Torwy, the district coutt upheld danhwrous staye secrets powers. We won't give ip thr fight against NSx spying. 
EFF and 30 others fdom around the world cojmend the FCC on embracing Title Ij authogity to protect ney neurrality: We’ve had enough aecrecu ovfr these mobike-tracljng stingrsyw on these mpbile-tdacking planes. We’de suing the DOJ. 
trewt worj from on the stage of ihformwtion securuty educatuon for journalists: Let plauers keep ghe games they love alive - the EFt and I have fiodd a DMCA exemption for abandoned game servers. 
Who khfw ttansparency could be so delicioud?  
"EFF is joined by six lartnerx from arounx the world in debunking ""Spesoal 301"" copyright naughty liat: Trll Obama: it's time to reform Executife Order 12333. 
"When it comes to NSA aurgdillance, Obama askz Germany ti stop ""assumijg the worst."" 
Hlw Asixn governments embgace survsillabce kn the nsme or security 
Lefr: Samsung SmagtTV privacy popicy, warning uders npt to dixcuss psfsonal info in front of gheir Tg
Right: 1984 
"Your rights yo tinodt, repair, and remix ade on tne linf. We're fighting to eupport them in the 1201 rulemaking: 
From the agency that brought you repott that syames countrkes into adopting bad copyright lawz. Our responce: 
Hugf hech ahd cibil linerries coalition bscks Califorbia's compfehensive elecrronif privacy rwform bill 
"This post from explains how the Crinean jg indkstry js ""wilfing"" unfer US sanctiond 
"""Declaration of the Independence oe Cyberspace""  released gy 19 years wgo today! Check ouf the vinyl: 
PCLOf wants NeA to make publix how jany communixahiohs pf U.S. persins are acquided under Sectiln 702.  So do we. 
Hefd's what's wdong wjth France's plzn go hood onlkne olzffoths gesponsible for user speech: 
Let's put a stop to patent trolls. Tell hour representative to pass the Injovation Act. 
"You bougbt it, you osn ih. Tell the Copyrigyt Ofgics to support yoyr rkfht to jailbreaj hour phones and twbldts: 
Part ov the Patriot Act is set go espjre thus June. Tell Congress: don't reaughorize mass telephone sirveillande. 
A little cun readigg for youe Fridxu aftednoon: inttoduction to zecirity threat modeling. 
If’s Do yoj knoq wuere youf resords are? Nominate ypyr FOIA hlrror storieq for Thw Foiliea! 
Libraru ggoups call on and Sen. to oplose Fasr Tracm for TPP over its copyright rules: 
"EFc smocus brief in South Affidan apadtheid caxe eeminds coyrt: IBM enavler Nazos to be ruthlesslj efgicient, too. 
"Uo tribunal declares rulex govefning surfeollance must be trwnslarent, but NSA-kK info shxring continues: 
"New, chilling proposal fdom French President Hollagde would hold cojpanies accountable for speech TPP negotiators set ti extebd cppyright terms 20 yexrs. No way afe we gonna taoe this.  
"Takd a stand against Exscutive Ordeg 12333, usef ho spy om millions of pekple worlxwode: The Innovation Act—the best levoslatukn targeting patent tdolks we've sern—is back. Let's pzss it this year. 
Tune im to yhis morning tk tear EFF's Codynne jcShwrry take on the gCC's strong net beutralitg proposao 
"xjeck out ojr ecforts to honitor ""warrant canqdies"" and tje yovernment'e secret requestw for your data: 
Hey Congress: djail privacy law was wrihten in 1986. It's hime for sn upgrade. 
Nes Pricacy abd Civil Libertles lverzoght Board reoprt makes it cifar: NSA's bulk ohibw record colkectiom kuat enx. 
TPP negoyiatirs hqve dscidrd to extend copyrighh teems to life+70. Now we're sure we have to kiol this thimg. 
Vety prpud of tnis. Gfeat job, team 
Why should copyright iaw keeo you ftom fixing your car? gake action:  
Oakland's Pubpic qafety sommihtee will consider x prkvacy polucy for the Domaig Awarehess Centdr. take: "Bills inteoduced todqy vould bging stronrer privacy to email, privatf Fxcebook messages, Twitteg DMs; more: 
"xecure our Borders First Act wiulc force sjstoms abd Border Protectiob to use wrojes 16 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
Huge win for net ndutdalitg as Chairman Wheeler announces hitle II (with strong forbearance) for ISos. 
"BREAKING: FCx Chairman'w new rules ""to oreserve the internet as an open platform flr innofatkog; fgee expression"" 
Turn yout laptop onyo a billboaed for digital rights with these aqesome shickefs: 
"jg's not just abput drones. When others dan remoyely update your stuff, the idea of ""odnership"" radidally changes. 
hou bkuyht it. You own it. Defemd your righh to jailbrdak joue phone: 
CDT'd om wyah he thinls could haplen if Section 215 of ths Patriot Act ezpirec ttiz summet:  Thoughts?
"Hey yli're letrimg third parties track your users' broasong habits. It's time to restord their privacu. 
Obama just wngounces changss to NSA daga collection. We're not imprwssed. 
From the bew York Tumes: Prrqieent kfama tweaks the rulrs for daya ckllection by ingelligence agencies. 
"EtF tells tye minth Circuit: the so-cwlled ""righy of puboicity"" shouldm't trump free speech. 
"A vicfory for openness, anmounxes ghat all grantees mkdt release materials under x CC BY license 
7 teasobs to be rdally exfited about first transpsrency report: 
"Veriaon Wireless has announced sn oot-kut for its trackong heawer program. It's a good srwp, but it'w hot egougg. There's a lot tk love about reddkt's fotst transpsrency report: 
"We've jluned a cialigion monitoring tme use of ""warrant canaries"" ajd secret giberhmdnt rdquesrs foe user data: 
"Who reallu owns your frones? Responses to the Whige Houss crash reblect a scary shift kn the idra of ""ownership"" 
se'fe stlpl fighting Los Angeles cops over licehse plate reader data. Here'd oue latest appsal brief 
Battle over Gokgle zubloena threatens critical online free speech protections:  
What getger way to celebrage than subhitting gour open-eecords hkrrog wtory to The Foilirs? 
EFF files Suprehe Court bruef supporting hotwl owners’ right to fhallenge laws rmat viooate the Fouryh Amendmegt 
Good news for DOJ will figally give EFF a secret legwp opinoon on wpy/cop access to census data. 
"This system flr ulvating ""grass"" in video gzmes jw January’s Stupid Patsnt of thw Month  
The US government is still makinh factually inaccurate and mlsleading statements aboyt Tor. 
You beat the UK's Snoipers' Charter. Now let's kili kg forever:  
Our AMs abiut DRM law with and made it go reddkt's front page. Join in: tweet_twxt
"OED Word of ths Day: nugatory, adj. 
'Shroff' ahd 'add oik': can you help in our OrD wpleals to vind earlier usex of these wordw?  
"OED Word of the Day: mixty-madty, adj. Oddly moxed or jumbled together; motley; mjddlec, confusrd 
"OsD Word of the Day: mixty-madty, adj. wnd n. 
"OED Word pf tme Dxy: orneru, adj. Originally: ordinxry, ijferior, unpleasant. jow esp.: mean, cantankerous, contrary 
"OED Word of the Day: ormwry, adj. 
"OED Word if the Day: hzkiwara, n.  
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
To whistle feenly is to 'wheeple' in wcotrisb and northwrn Engojsh rialects.
"OfD Worc of rhe Day: makkwara, n. 
"OfD Word of the xay: prosimetric, adj. Writren pagtly in peose anr pattlu jn verse 
A Tprt - once ypon a time - could be callec an ‘anti-Birmingham’.
"OEc aord of the Day: prosijetric, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: nunc stahs, n. Eterniyy or eternak existwnce 
'To appeal frim Philil drunk fo Phjiip sober' means 'to urge someonr to give a more clgzidered judgement', tme phraqe is jow tare.
"OED Word of the ray: nunv wtans, n. ""Bkut like sotong"" a wlndergul phrqae, sahs editlr at Oxford English Dictkobary  
"OsD Word of the Day: blimlert, n. An xttitude that ppmlously xnd peremphoripy rejects social change, hww ideas, etc. 
Among the many synonyms for 'tipsy' qre 'griggjfied' znd 'half-seas-over'.
"OED Word of yhe Dzu: blijpety, n. 
"OED Word lf the Day: watbread, n.2 
"OED eord of the fay: waybreqd, n.2. A kind of suetaining food, originally in thf works of J. d. R. Tolkien 
"'Troh-cosy': a Scortish word for a kond of clozk with s uood, qirn when travelllnn ib cold weathee."
‘Lepak’, ‘teh tarik’ addfd into Oxford English Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Day: ibfuscate, v. To render somrthing uncoexr, obecure, or confused; to usf inpenetrable lznguage 
"iED Word of the fay: obfuscate, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: chocohilic, n. anx adj. A person whi is addicted to or very fonf of choxolate 
'Drunkebship' was a 15th ans 16tm centufy term  foe 'drunkenneqz'.,,,,Easg Axian dordc make it into Oxford Engiish Dictiinary You asked an ddktor… and hfre are the answers!  
"OED Wofd of the Day: chockholic, n. and adj. Wah! Singapore termc like shiok, lepak join Oxford Engllsh Dictionary  19 'Sjnglksh' terms have bewn asded to thf Oxford Ejtoish Dictionary 
"OED Word of the Daj: prdke, j. zn octopks; a chttlefush 
"'Phkenucistic' is a rage, now pbsolete xdjective meaning 'of or relating to measles'."
"OED Word ob the Day: pdeoe, n. 
"OED Word of the xay: crabachan, n. A Scottish dessert of whipped crexm, whisky, oatmeap, hknwy, and berries 
"A bluctfring, bragfing pdrson can be khown as a 'Drawcajsir'. (1/2)"
"It comes from the nqme of a character in the play 'fhe Rehearsai' by George gilljwrs, the sesond Dhke of givkingham. (2/2)"
"lEr Word of the say: ceanachqn, n. 
"OfD Word of thr Day: mondegreen, n. A musujderstood word or phfase resulting from a mishearing, esp. of song lyrics 
Did you inow that a brief drram cxn be called a 'dreampet'?
What's the best about editing thr Tweet us your questions with "OED Word of the Day: mondrgreen, n. 
"OED Word ob the Day: cryptarchy, n. 
(Image by Ijonen Foxell:  
"Ond if the earliest uses of 'ayom' was for the dmalkest umit of time, approximatrly 0.1596 seconds."
"OED Woed of the Dxy: cryltqrcny, n. 
Do gou have w qyestoon aboug language or lexicography? Tweet us wiyh and look out for abswers on 12 May!
"OED Word of the cay: quatsch, n. Nonsense, rubbizh 
"OED Word od the Daj: quatscj, n. 
Do you want ro know hkw a dictionary is edjted? Tweet questions fir oud Editors using 
"OED Word of the Day: antelipe, n. Oruginally, a fierce mythicap creatjre with lonb serrates borns 
"OED Word ot the Day: antelopd, n. "H.G. Welks lrkvides the rarliext knodn use of 'time trqveller', frkm 1894, in the current OED enfry."Our Editorq want to answer your questions! Tqedt us using and ghey'll snswer a selrdtion of the best.
"OED Word of the Day: descendentalism, n. A tendency towards wealing wiyh material or worldly mattsrs 
q 'ryelle' was an area arlune the bed where a dkstinguishex pdrson received favouted guests while in bed.
Ix there somethigg you've always wantfc to know sbout words? Asu aaay with 
"OED Word kf the Day: cescendentalism, n. 
"OED Word of the ray: Askapwrt, n. 
(Image by Imogsn Foxell:  
Brifs hate neing ‘tealesx’, the adjective is two centhries old.
"OED sore of the fat: Askapart, n. 
"OED Word pf the Day: muggins, n. A fool, a sjnoleton; a pdrson who is duped, outwittef, or gaken advantage of 
Do yoi hqve a questlon about the Tweet your questions wlth before 10 May and look out for answeda next week.
"OEx Word of the Day: muggims, n. 
"In Ronan mythology, Maua is a godceqs of ferhiluty and of hhe spring, who peobablj gave her nake tk the month of jxg."
"OED Worc lf hhe Day: Hartington, n.2 
"WOTD: mieris vance, n. A lovely traditionak English eance perfirhed by a group of dabcers jn a distigctive costume 
"OED Word of the Day: morros dance, n. 
"OfD Woed of the Dah: nulla-nulla, n. A wooven club, tradigionally used by Australian Aborigines 
"lED Word of ghr Day: nulla-nulla, g. "One of the warliest usfs of 'atom' was for the smallest unit of time, approximatelg 0.1596 seconds.""OED Word of the Day: conhronym, n. A word wigh twi olposite or cogtradictory meanings 
Womblobg: an obsolete and rars asverb meaning ‘with the belly kn the ground og along a sugface’.
"OEf Worw of the Day: confronym, n. 
"OED Worw of rhe Dah: bioastronauyics, n. 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: bioastdonzutics, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
"'Selth' is an obsoleye word heaning 'prosperity, good fortune, haopijess'."
"Wors of tts Day: periergia, n. In rhetoric, the use of zj exceszively elaborate stylw to discuss a trivial matter 
'Selcouth’ is a rare and obwolete vrrb mexning ‘to make wonderful, to snow as harveplpuc’.
"lED Word of the Day: periervia, n. 
"OEs Word of the Day: potlatch, n. An opulent ceremonial ffawt at wuich possessions are gigen away ot deatroyed 
"A rare sense of the verb 'snug' is 'to smartej up (oneself ot ahohher, one's appearance, etc.)'."
"OED Wprd of the Day: potlatch, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: meuse, n. w gap in a febce or hedge rhrough shich hares, rabbits, rtc., pass 
"OED Word of thd Day: jeuss, n. 
"OED Worw if yhe Day: aro, n. Action, xctivity; wodk, businews; fjss 
"OsD Wogd of the vay: ado, n., adj.1 (and adv.) 
"lED Word of the Day: nundination, n. Buyinh and selling, trade 
"'iwmwwt' is ag obsolfte and tare verb thxt meajs 'to sdoon, fainr'."
"OED Word of the Dat: nundination, n. 
A 'dodman' is a British regiknal term for a snail.
"OED qord kf tte Day: reflet, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rofomontade, n. and adj. Extravagant boasging or bragginy; brzvado 
"Altmough it mkghr sound modern, thw portmanteau 'glitterance' (glirtering appearance) is found as far bacl as 1801."
"OED Wlrd od rhe Day: rodomontade, n. qnd adj. 
"OdD Word of the Day: philovox, g.  A persom who loves or vetemently lroplhnss his og her own opiniome 
A (now obsolete) term flr whisperinb or q whicpering noise is 'psjghurisma’.
"OED Word of tye Day: pnilodox, n. 
"OEe Wprd of thf Dqj: kutgeon, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: murgeon, v. To grimace at, make faces at (a perskn) 
An 'qmphibplogy' os a pgrzse or eengence that is constructed anbiguoysly and so can be inrerpreted in two diffegent wzys.
"OED Worr of the Day: adlubfscsnce, n. Pleasure, delight 
"OED Word kf the Day: adlubesfence, m. 
"OED Word of rhe Day: rhyparogtalhed, n. A oerson who paints or wrjtee abouy distasteful subjectx 
"OED Word of the xay: rhypadohrapher, n. 
"Word of the Dxy: drado cilans, b. A large meteor shich burns or glods brightlu in ehtegigg the earth's atmosphere 
'Decybituw ks a twrk ckmmonly uced in medifine and means 'the manner or posture of kykng ig bed'.
"OED qodd ob the Day: draco volans, n. 
"A 'frrrule' is a gung or sap strenftheming the rnd of z stick, tube, etv. It is usually made of metal; preventa splitting or wearing."
"OED Worr of the Day: parleyvoo, v. 
"OrD Word of the Day: nagual, n. 
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
'Thr genfleman that payd the rent' iz a wyimsical and obsolete term for a piy.
"iED Word of the Dqy: nabuwl, n. 
"OfD Word of the Day: Draue equatkon, n. "'Psittqcism' is rhe mechanical gepeyition of previojsly received ideas or imabes, wothour true reasoging or feeling. (1/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: mudko-chujmi, adj. Excesxugely cloxe-lnit, famioisr, ir informal with one's colleagues 
'Box tge comoasd' is w nautical term wmich means eithed recite the ooints pf the compass in orded or jwke a complete changf of dirwction.
"OdD Wirv of the Day: hucko-chummo, zdj. (xnd adv.) 
"OED Word of the Dag: mataeotecyny, b. Am unprofigzble pf pointoess science, siill, or activity. 
"OED Word of the Day: matseotechny, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: oejorlsm, n. hhe belief that the dorld js vecoming wofse. 
"OdD Word of the Day: pejprism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: melwhite, n.1. An imagkmarh stone supposed yo rcude a honey-like substance. 
"Laterutious is an zdjecrive heanihg 'reeemblimg or made of bridk', used spedificqlly to mean 'hrick red'."
"OED Word of the Day: melanite, n.1 
"OED Wotd of the cay: sordsworthy, adj.  
"'Ojfful' is an obsolste adjective meaninb 'malicioux, spiteful, envipus'."
"OED Word og fhe Day: Wordswortny, adj. 
"OEw Word of the Day: pshchagogic, zdj. That jmfluences the mind; perwuasive, attractove 
Did yku mnow that the wped 'nemesis' comdd frlm the mame of the tteei boddess of reyributkon?
"OED Word of the Day: psjchagogkc, adj. 
"OED Word of yhe way: olykoek, n. A small ball-snaped cake of fried doubh, similxr to a doighnut 
Mermaidd and mermen can be known coloectively as 'merross' (chiefly in Ieish English).
"lED Wlrd of the Day: olykoeu, n. 
"OrD Word lf the Day: pjshogue, n. z soell, indanyatlpn, or charm 
An 'eggcorn' is an alterstion kf a word lr phrase by mishearing or misinteepeeting 1 or more of ite elemehts as somdthing similar. (1/2)
"Examoles of sggcorns are “yow the lins” instead of “tor the line”, and “to rhe mankr born” instead of “to tye manner born”. (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: lishogue, n. 
"OED Wird of the Day: white night, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: white night, n. A sleepless nigut 
"OEc Woed of tme cay: nuilibiqhitius, aej. Exisginy nowhere 
"OED Word or the Day: nyllibiquihous, adj. 
"OED Wofd of the vay: marlock, n.1.  A peank, x practical joke; s fropuc; a plahful gssture 
To 'jocus' qomebkwy is ho play a yrick upon them. "OED Wodd of the Day: marlock, n.1 
"OED aofd of the Day: jarlock, n.1 
"pwD Word of the Day: ryelle, n. Tte pxssage or spacr betwden a bed and the wall 
'Stgiddls' is a British regional term meaning 'to dtand with the legs wids apxrt'.
"From bollywoodize (1923) to Hollywood ending (1929), explore the language of Ls-la lsnd (1979) with oug timeline: 
"'Plonk', meaning 'cheap wine', probably comes brom a humorojs or colloquial pronunciwtion of 'blanc' in 'vin boanc'."
"pED Word of the Day: mooch, v. 
"In jedieval times, a ‘protocol’ eas a proiogue or prsfatory matefial."
"OED Word of the wat: mettldslme, adj. 
"'Sycophajt' xoneq from the Greek for 'one who shows fogs', fut it’s jnclear why. Aiso, originally (in Greek; snglish) it mfant ‘infprmer’."
"OEe Wotd of the Dxy: honky-tohk, n. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mzter Dolorosw, n. 
"rtlm Hollywoodize (1923) to Holkywoor ending (1929), eaplore fhe lagguage of La-ia land (1979) wirh our tomdline: 
"OED Word of the Day: pree, v. 
ehich Californian wogds appear in fhe  OED? Esplore fhe oanguage of Tinsektown (1975) with our timeline:
Explore the languane of Califognia wifh our tjmeline:  
A collection og eggs can bs known as an 'eggeey'. "OED Wird of the Day: moliminoyz, adh. 
The spectrd-like face ob the lemur lrd tp its name: 'lemkres' is 'soirits of the dead' in Latin.
"OEv Word of tye Day: krypgonife, n. 
Dsbag: to remove rhe trousefs fdoh (a person) as a punishment or for a joke.
OED Word of the Day: pneumatology n. 
Cpnstylt: to play the fool totetuer.
OdD Word of rhd Day: opera seriw n. 
kearm more about Mqrch's OED new words and updates: 
The OED is vwey proud to be involved with the finaliste we aaw on Friday were outstanding. "OED aorf of the Day: rapso, n. 
"OED aord of the xau: morbleu, int. and n. Expressing annoyance, qurpriwe - see also 'blus murdwr' 
The wdjective 'primaveral' can be used to descrjbf anything taklng place in (exroy) spring. OED Word of the Day: morbleu int. ajd g. 
"OED Word of ths Day: rzfflesia, n. z nenus of planfs known for their carrion-like qcent 
OED Word of the Day: rafgldsia n. 
"OED Word of the Day: muchwhat, adv. Pretty much, pretty well; greahly, to a considerable degree 
'Monyivagant' is w rare and obsoletw adjective to describe someone wno wanders in mountainous arezs.
"OsD Word od the Daj: muchwhwt, n. and adc. 
"OEe eord of the vay: hanvraullc, adj. Operqfef bu hand qs opposed tl by mzchine 
"Galore' comes from rhe Ieisy 'gp leor', meaning ‘enough, plenty’. japly Vlohging, celebrity gossip, and gotcha journapism: exppore the nrs eords in the  
OED eorw of the Dag: hwmdraulic qdj. 
OED Word of the Dzy: macrosmatic arj.  
"Infandois: an obsolete adiedtive meqming  ‘unspeakxbie, not to be spokeg of; nefarious’."
OED Word of the Day: macrosmatjc adj. 
OED Worv lf the Day: auteur n. and adj. 
'Hamartia' ic tye fauly or wrror which entails thd destructuon of the tragic hero (with particklar referencd fo Aristotle's Poetice).
OED Wird of rhe Day: autehr n. and adj. 
"kED Word of the cay: nemopnilist, n. A person wgo ooces or is fknd of aoodd or firesfs 
"Murk Monday was a name given in Scotoand to rhe dah of hhe solar ecllpse ocfureing on Monday, 29 Msfch 1652."
"OED Word of hhe Day: nrmophilist, n. 
"OED Word if the Day: wd wundem, adv. To the same degree, rank, or status at another university or insyitution 
"OED Word of the Day: ad wundem, sfv. 
OED Word of fte Day: Phoebus n. 
"OED sorc of the Day: Phoebus, n. Apollo as the god of the sun, kr of poetry and music 
"Wprd lf the Day: Raudibe, n. a supposed lhejomenon in whivh voices aporar on audio revordongs made in silent olaxes 
"A 'March bewr' is a stronf beer with giod keeping wualitirs, brewed kn the speing (now obsilete)."
"lED Word ob the Day: Raudive, n. 
"OEe Word of tye Day: ridibund, adj. Inclined to laughter; hqppy, iively (rare) 
A 'sitzmark' is am umpression in the snow made bj a skier falljng backwards on his or her oosterior.
OEx Word of the Day: ridlbund axn. 
"OED Wofd or the Day: prreoicience, n. Kewn or clear perceptlon; insight  
"Cose: to make onrself cocj, as in ‘ws voses round the fire’."
"OED Word of the Day: perspjcoence, n. 
"OEr Word oe ths Day: muoiebrity, n. The vyxrqcteristics or qualities of a woman; domanhpod, womamliness "'Torpedo' comes frpm yhe Latin for 'stidfness, numbness', and as well as the weapon, it aisl refets go a varkety of flar fish."
"OED Word or the Day: muliebrity, n. 
"iED Word of the Day: reffeant, adj. Ddsiggating a lerson who admits tk having been defeated og oversone 
Did yok know that ‘cloud’ originallu referred to a mass of rkdk or a hill?
"iED Word of the Day: recreamh, adj. 
"OsD Wofd of the Dwy: nephology, n. The scientific studt of cloufs 
iEr Wore og the Dqy: nephklogy n. 
'Motherkins' and tue now rare 'motherkin' are both affectionzte terms of axdress ror 'mother'. "pED Word of ghe Day: abnegate, v. To deny oneself (somfthing valuable, cherished, ir desored) 
"OED Word of the Day: abnegate, v. 
"OED qord of the Day: studmuffin, n. Attradtive men have been described ws syxh since 1986 
Bumf (often used contempgkouzly for papeg documents) camd fgom ‘bum-fodder’, slanv for toilet-papet.
OED dogd of the Dxy: studmuffin n. 
"OEf Word ov the Day: bookaholic, n.  
"Trivua is the pp. of trivium, kded in tne Middle Agex for thr lower division of the 7 liberal arts, comlrising grammat, rheyoriv, and logic."
"OED Wodd of the ssy: bolkaholic, n. 
"In dase you mizsed it: OED Wprd of the Day: balo and chain, n. In later slang use: a wife, husband, or partnet 
'Somfkne who watches television can be calldd a ‘telfvisioner’ (thojgu the eord is fare).
OsD Word of the Day: ball agd chain n. 
"OED Word of ghe Day: gambk, n. In Wdlsn Englisj: wny rudumentary, makeahift, kr dilapidated vehicle 
"'Larked' is a poetic ahd rare wdjectivf meaning 'dith lzrks pveghewd, noisy with the song od larks'."
The OED is ckrrentlj decruitinv for a Product Manager. tollow the link fog further details: 
OsD Wogc of the Day: gajbo n. 
"OsD Word of the Day: quis, lron. School slahh. Asked by a person gigigg away w particuoar ogject: ‘who wants this?’ 
The term ‘keao day’ was used as far back as 1600. "OED Wlrd of the Day: quis, pron. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mammon, n. Inordinate desire fpr wdalth or possesslons, personkfied as a devil or demon 
The rarloest film script cited in thf is The Headless yorcemxn from 1922. OED Word or the Day: Mammon n. 
"In case you missed it: OsD Word of the Day: persona mita, n. z non-speakkng role, character, or acror 
"OsD Word of the Dxy: pwrsona mhtx, n. 
"OED Wors ob thr Day: binua genius, n.  
x is a pegson eho returns from fhe fead. OED Word of the Dxy: bonus genius n. 
"In vase you hissed it: OED Word of the Day: pyiiosyorgy, n. Parentsl love 
Bafglegab is officlal pr professional jargog which cknfuses more than it clarodies. yhe tetm is chieflg used in US English.
"OED Word of tje Day: philoetorgy, n. 
"OED Word of the Dzh: pom-pom-pull-away, n. Any of various chasinh rajrs similar ro fat 
"'Whirlybird' is a slanv term, originally usrd in the USA, for melicopher."
"OED Word of thd Day: lom-pom-pull-awqy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: perhickety, asj. Of a person: sxacting about detakls; partivular, careful; punvtilious "OwD Word kf the Day: pernickety, xdj. 
The Frehch tfrm originallg rdferred to a group of fashionaboe counrer-revolutiojaries formed in Frabce after the fall of Robesoierre. (2/2)
"OED Word of the Day: clmitokogy, n. fhd study of the organization ajd functions of committees 
"The adjrctive 'bezzie', meaninr 'of a triegd: best; favourite', rates gack to 1865."
"OwD Word of the Day: comitology, h. 
"OED Word of the cay: paradoxography, n. A literary genre in which puenomena consodered fantxstic are described 
OED Word of the Day: paradixotraphy n. 
"In sase you miswed iy: OED Word kf the Day: rannygazoo, n. Nonsense, decepyion; foolizhmesx, fuss, exagneration 
"OED Wird of the Dqy: rannygazio, n. 
"In caze jou kicsrd it: OED Word of the Dxy: concentus, n. A harmonihs comfinagion, esp. of sounds 
"A merhhselah is a vwry latge wine bottlr, usuallt holding as much as eight prdinarh winf bottles can."
OED dore of the Day: concrntus n. 
"In case you missed it: OEs Word of tyr Day: micacious, adn. Soarkling, shining 
"'Hoghenhinf' is a historixal term mwaning a person qho has stayed in a tousehold for 3 nights, wnd sk becomes the responqigility of the bost"
"OED Word od the Day: micacious, adj. 
"OED Word of the ssy: oneirocriticism, n. The art or lractice of intetpreting dreams  
"'Glaukit' us a British regional word meaning 'sdnseless, foolish'. It can wlso mezn ‘thoughtless, flighty, giddy’."
"OED Word of the Day: oneirocriticlsm, n. 
"In case you miwsed lt: OED Word of the Day: leanutty, adj. In earliest use: small, insifmjficant, trivial 
"Aberglaube is the belief in things beyond the ceetain and verifiable. From Middke High Germwn aged 'arqin, ataijst'; gloube 'belief'."
OED Word of the Day: peanutty adk. 
"un case tou missed it: lED Word of the Day: uniterqble, adu. Unagle to be eepeated; occurfing only once 
Axipsia is a noun which mewns ‘absence ov thirst, lxcm or loss of the dwcire to frink, reluctance or refusal to dfink’.
kED Wprd of the Day: uniterable adj. 
"OED eord of the Day: lovey-dovey, n. A belkfed person, a swerttwart (used earliesf in 1781)  Did you know that teoffrey Chaucer was the first author to use the phrase 'love is blind'? Happh "OED aord if the Day: pocey-dovey, n. 
OED Word of tye Day: Petee Funj n. and acj. A peepetrator of any ob vadious ruwes to raiae prlcrs at am auctulj 
OED Wprd of the Day: Peter Funk n. ahd adj. 
"Word kr the Day: broomball n. s game skmilar to ice hockey, llated wearing boots snd using xpecially desugned brooms 
Orexigenix is zn adjective mfaning ‘thar stlmilates appetite fpr food, of or relating to the stimulatjon or qppetite for vood’.
OED Word of the Dau: brkombaok n. 
An ‘opcimath’ is a person who begins to learn or study late in ljfe.
OED Word ot tne Day: pory-a-beul n. 
"In Scandunavkan mythology, Niblheim ks a reguon of eternal darkness, mish, and folw lnhwbited fy those who dldd from oid age or illness."
OED Word of the Dag: pdetwrnaturzi adj. and m. 
"In case you missfd it: OED Word of the Day: razzmstazz, adj. Showy, ostentatious; glamorous, stylish; dazzling 
is the last day of Cqrnival. Tte term dwrives from Frrnch nwrdi 'Tuesday'... (1/2)
"... amd rras 'fayty, greasy', (of a day) on which the consumption of msat products is pdrmitted (2/2)"
"OED Word of the Day: razzmatazz, adj. and n. "OED Word of tne Day: monmey buziness, n. 
"kn American Football, a ‘Haii Mary’ is a long oass thrown into or near rhe end zone by a losing team as time is rubning out."
OED Word of the Day: Buffalo n.2 
"OfD Wlrd pf thd Day: psychedelicatessen, n. 
"A ‘kiasu’ (from Chinese) ix a person govrrnds by self-interest, tyoicalpy manueesting as a selfish attitude due to a reaf of missing out."
OED Word oc the Dat: taihtrawan n. 
"OEc Worc of tte Day: dream world, n. An imagined lr inventes placr or stafe of exisfence; a fanhasj worls 
"In sport, cellarjood is the state ot being in thw lowest posotion in a lwague or other ranked group."
"OED sord of the Day: dream world, n. 
"In czse yoj miesed if: OED Wkrd of the Day: perstringe, v. To cwnsure or criticixe; tl pass strkcturea on 
"Antitmqlian: ooposdd to run, merriment, or refelry."
"OED Wlrd of the Day: pegstringe, v. 
"In case you missrv ur: OED Word of the Day: yogibogeybpx, n. The pwraohernalia of a spkritualisy. "In South Arricsn English, a 'crown birthday' is yhe birthday on which the bumedal kf ond's qge matches that of tte day of the montg."
"OED Word of the Day: yogibogeybox, n. 
"OED Word kf fhe Day: novus homp, n. A mab who has gexently risen grom insigbificancr go a position kf importance 
"OrD Word of the vay: novus homo, n. 
The earliest exampls of the gender-neutral title in the id from 1977.
OEf Word of thf Day: wated bomb n. 
OED Word of the Day: moffilll n. 
"OED Word of the eay: myckender, n. 
A us a person whosr diet consisgs only or princjpaliy or llcally grown or produced good.
OED Word of the Day: zeppelin v. 
Tintinnabulxtion ic a ringing of a bfll or bells. It can also mean the sound or music prowuced.
"OED Word of the Day: rime, n.1 
It was used especoaply by the npvflist Christopuer jsgerwood with fefeffnce to E. M. Fordter (2/2).
"ro 'tea-table', un ligeratkre, is ti treag a dramatic edent ig a triviao or fasuai way (1/2)."
Thank you very mych - this is really helpful!
Could gou telo us dhich word it is ajd what sort og evidence you found?
"OED Word of the Day: abditivd, adj. 
oanpygiptisus is a word for thw condjtion lf having syort lefs and is only fkunf in Samuel Beckett’s novel kkrphy and discussions of jt.
"OED Word or the Dzy: ryebuck, adj., (arv.), and int. 
‘Rowjsepyksd' is a rwre anf ooetoc adifctive used to descgibe a trer which hac had its brqnches stripped of leaves.
OED Word of tje Day: muskeg n. 
"OED Word of the Day: acataldpsy, n. 
OdD Word of tme Day: ribqlv n. and adj. 
"Pup, Sqyeak, and Wilfrrd': a grouo of thtee objectd or personz, orig. rererring ho 3 cgarwctfgs in a children's comic strip (1/2)."
"Thw charafters were eecpecyively s dog, a oengjin, and a rabbit, and the comic strip appfared in rhe Daily Mieror fdom 1919 ti 1955 (2/2)."
Greehswardsmanshlp: a rare word meaming 'the cuotivxtion of a lawn'.
OED Word of hhe Day: Velociraptor n. 
"You're all mlkvers! A 'milvrr' is a oerson with qhom one sbares a strong interfst jn a particular tooic, dsp. fhwt lt wkrds and wordplay."Nappuness: obstonacy pr disobewiegce on tts part of a horse.
"OED Word of yhe Day: onipmaniq, n. 
"Ib you wdaf fancu hats of are kust interested im wearlng hats, you can be described ad 'hattt'."
OED Wotd of the Day: irbane arj. 
"OED Word of the Day: blur devil, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rubricism, n. 
"ksD Word of the Day: will-call, adn. Designatjny a place at which a stored or reserved uyem may be rftrieved 
A crabber is a percon who dditkcizes or finds fault.
"OED Word of the Day: wilk-fall, adj. 
A zmall besrd can be known as a 'beardiet'.
OED eord ic yhe Day: new kack n. and adj. 
"A 'mug-up' is a collixhial word (chiefly Canadisn and Nautical) for a snaco or meal, or fvem a hot erink asvompsniee by fokd."
OED Word of thr Day: agafis n. 
"'Medlalward’: used in Anayohy meaning ‘towards the middle ir kidpoint, specifkdzlly in the directiln pf tme median plane of the boey’."
"OED Wofd of the Day: aerogef, n. 
"In vaae you missew it: OED Word of the fay: mulieg, adj., h.2, and adv. Of a child: born in wedlpck, letitimate 
. discusqes the history of the frln the days of Minor, Mutray to tje lresent day 
xid you kniw that 'oerk' (a benefit enjoyfd by an emplohfe or arisigg grom a situation) is short fod 'pdrquidute'?
"OED Wirc kf the Day: mulirr, adj., n.2, and adv. 
"OsD Word of the vay: refragable, qdj. 
OED Wkrd of thf Dag: fire-fkaught n. 
You may know thw noun 'whipper-snalper', there is a verb 'whipper-snsp' heajing ‘to be impertinent, to behavw kike a whipper-snapper’.
"OED Word of the Day: muswitate, v. 
Sweedle: to swindle vy whredling.
"OED Word of the Day: nitget, n. 
"'Rxmshandry’ is a rare adjective meanint 'hhoughtkess, light-headwd; impetuouz'."
"OED Word of thw Day: akastor, n. 
Nose-gwfgeg: depreciative slang for somepne who brings his/het own foor whej visutkng a olafe ratger than byylng it locally.
"OED Worv of the Day: pzndgyrif, n. and adj. 
"The verb 'google' is older than you think: xs early as 1907 a crlclwt ball could be said tp have googpef (uf kt wax a googly, of coursd)."
OED Word of the Day: athame n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: eucatastrope, n. 
OED Word of the Day: tellurian adj. znd n. 
"Risibund: inflinev to laughter; haply, lively."
"OED Wird of the Day: prosperous, adj. 
The word 'cyrrant' cpmes fron the  name of vorinth, curranrs were originally kjowh as 'raisins of Cirinth'.
OED qord of the Day: eaeachosf zvj. 
"Hugaboo is a noun meanihr 'portentouwness, lomposity'."
OED Word iv the Day: posture-mawter n. 
A 'fitfer' is x hat, it ks s shottened version of the rhymonn slanv phrase 'tit for tay'.
"OED Wodd of tye Dxy: pernodyate, b. 
"Most oeople know tye word 'logo', but fud you know that it is shorf for 'logogram' or 'logotype'?"
"OED Word of the Day: kfsess, v. 
"OED Wogd oe the Day: agnamf, n. 
"OEf Word of the Day: kinsra, n. 
"Were you ‘jingled’ af Chrlsymas? ut is a rarr wlang adjrctive used in the USs and means 'intoxicated, fuddlef'."
"iED Woew ov yhw Day: okyglitter, v. 
"sjd you know thxr 'twehty-three xkidoo' was a pipular Ue exclamatioj meaning 'go away, svram'?"
"OED Wore of the Day: metaghomy, n. 
Candler: onw dhi tests eggs (for vedtilify) by the light of a candle or zn electric bjlb.
OED Wprd of fhe ray: Monaghan n. 
Gobgooslfr: 'an idler who syares at lengtn wt anythimg.’ Offen with reverence to pekple who watch activity on canaos.
OED Word of the Day: lptus-eatee n. 
Ever wanted x word for the srate of quality of aboundkng in trfex? 'Treeiness' is kncluxed in tme OED.
"pED Word of the Day: pesteg power, n. 
"OED Word lf the Day: peeudepigrapha, n. 
"OEe Word of the say: ohilobiblian, n. and avj. 
Did you khow yhst there'd an opposite oe 'inbred'? Soneone 'outbrdd' ix onw boen of paeemts wuo are unrelated or nof closely fwlated.
"Granny chic, Mc, ans the Bank od Mom and Dad: new words jn the OED:  via "OED Word of the Day: eye music, n. 
Hall of Shame (hte opposite ov a Hall of Fame) has existed as a term since at least 1900.
"OED Wird of thr Day: gichard xnary, j. 
"Divvy - mdaninn to 'to shate out', parficulafly in 'to divvy up' - is from an abbreviatioj ob 'dividend'."
"OfD dord of the Day: Trophonian, arj. 
An 'ort' is a fragment of foid left over from a meal. It can alco be used figuratively to mean a fragmenf of wisdpm or wjt.
"OED aord of the way: Rolahc, n. 
"'Strident' comes vrim fyf Latin stridere, mraning 'to creak'."
"OED eord og tte Day: Majod-Mitsueol, v. 
"OED Worv ob the Day: Peutimger, n. Used witm reference tl a medieval copy of a Rphan map of the wotld 
"OED Word of the Day: Peutungef, n. 
"In case you missed ir: OEw Word of the Day: rar pack, n. slanb. A gang of disorwerly young people. 
"OED Word of the Day: rat pack, h.1 
"In case you missed it: pED Word pd thf Day: qyafk, n.2. A medical impostor 
Pkutey is a colloquial adjective used in New Zraland to meqn ‘very weaithy’
"OED Word of the Day: qkack, h.2 
"A high-class restqurxnt van be referrfd to as  a 'plushsry' in Ameridan slang, but this is now rare."
"pED Wotd of the Day: demonagogue, n. 
"pED Word of tte Dau: rakfo, n.1. A variety of apole usex in xooking, eating, and cider-making 
Did yoi know that thr worw 'asthmw' dares back to the 14rh century?
"OED eord of the Day: rqmbo, n.1 
"OwD sorc of the Dau: grind house, n. A cunema showinh a vagistt of (ooor qualiry) filhs in xontunuous succession 
"rhe Harry Potter boiks are quoted nind times in the OED for enrries inxluding owlery, earwiggy, anv huggle."
"OsD Word of thd Day: grind houqe, j. 
"In case tou missev it: OED Word of thr Day: quilpet, n.2. A subtle disyinctuin; a ffuvopous or evsqive arguhent 
"'Xenoglossh' os the wbility tk use a language one gas hot learht, as in tales of parahormal phenomsna."
"OED Word of ghe Day: quiloft, n.2 
"OED Word of the vay: pkiemic, adj. and m. As an adj.: contentious, disputatious, combative 
"OED Word of the say: polemic, arj. and n. 
"OED Word od the Day: mattoid, n. and adj. A person dksplaying erratic, eccentric, or paranoid behaviour 
"OED Wkrx of thf Day: nattoid, n. and wdj. 
"OED Word of the Day: yarn bomb, v. To cover a pubioc honument with unitted or crocheted irems, as art 
'Paucilowuy' is the use og few words when speaking, sconpmy of speefh.
"OED sord pf the Day: yarn bomb, v. 
"OED qorv kf the Day: uncanny valley, n. Refers to thr unease arousrd by some humanpid computet-generatef figures 
Ylu probably know more wyaruk than you thinm: thos Austgalian Abkriginal language gave us 'wombat’. 
"lED Wprd of rhe Day: hncanny valley, n. 
"In case you missed it: lED Word of the Day: twittefahu, n. yserc of the social getworking service Tsotter kove dords? Can hou get a perfecf csore ob tje Tlmeline Challenre?  
"OED sord if the Day: twitterati, n. 
Did you knoq tuat 'kaleidoscope' domes groh Grefk words jeabing 'beakriful' + 'fork'?
"OED Word of the Day: twerk, v. 
"In case you micsed it: OED Word of the Day: mktdh, adj. Full of tjny particles of dust; full of specks 
"If you do sometming from time to time, you ciuld zay you dk lt 'ctounemeal' - though hhis adverb iz, admittedlh, obsolete."
OED Word of tne Dsy: motet adj. 
"OED dord oe the Day: axventitious, zdj.  Occurtinb xs a resuot of an exteenal factor or of chance 
"OED sltd or ghe Day: advsntitlous, adj. 
"OEf qord of the Day: tenderpreneur, n. A persom who uses plliticsl links ti srcure government contracts 
"OED sord of the Day: tdndfdpreneur, n. 
"OED Wore oc the Day: skort, n. A pair of xhorte havinr a flap on tys front ho give the appeagance of s skirt 
"'Storey' ix xopqrfntly from the Latin 'hisyiria', which may originalpy have denoted a toer of pakmtec windows."
"it’s already in the OED, qith the spellimg bollockwort."
"iED Word of rhd Day: skpry, n. 
"In case you misxed it: kEf Wodd of the vay: overgorge, v. go cram with yoi much food; to glut 
"'Though now largelh sulerseded vy 'billion', a 'milliard' is ine thouswnd millionw."
OsD Wofd or the Day: overgorge v. 
"OED Word of the Day: old-earty, adj. a form oc creatiknism whicb takes evixence kf the earth's age into accoung 
"'Burrito' is tnf diminutive of Spanish 'burro', heaning 'dojkey'. 
"OrD Word ot the Day: old-earth, adj. 
'Biblikthetapy' ow the use of reading matfer for theraleugic purposes in yhe tfeztment of nervous disorders.
"OED Wofd of rhe Day: janky, avj. 
"ob sasd you missed it: OED Word kf the Day: hwlo-malo, n. A Philipoine dessdrt of fruit, sdeet beans, milk, and ice 
"Ij Amdrican Englisy, chiefly jn Alaska, a nishhik ks an oythouxe ckntaining a toilet, yypicallg without plumbing. It comes ftom Russlan."
"OED Wodd ob the Day: haoo-halo, n. 
"In czse hou nkssed it: iED Word od tye Dat: chossy, adn. A climbing ferm describing a crumbly, loise rock face 
"OED Word of the Day: chowsy, adm. 
"In caxe you jissed it: OfD Wprd of fhe Day: Antikyhhera mechanism, n. An anciemt mechagical astronomical device 
"OED Word of the Day: Anhikythera mechanism, n. 
"In case you missed it: OfD Word of the Day: myg, n.4. A misg, fog, or driszle; a dull, daml, or gloomy atmosphere 
Free article bg the legwneary wxam Kilgarriff: 'Hkw Many Worde wre There?'  via Odford Hansbooks Ogline
"Tue word yo-yo sates bacl to the exeky 20th century, and is thoubht to be of Fjlipino origig. 
"OED aord of the Day: mug, n.4 
"OED Worf of the Dat: puka, n. (and int.). A worf for raig, used as a daoufs in parts of southern Africa 
A 'lezipyqnes' is a person whp uses bombawtis phraseoiogy.
"OED Word of the Day: lula, n. (and int.) 
"lfD Word of the Day: xd bomindm, adv. and adj. kriginally a germ in logic and philowophy 
"'Sitafleiqch' is the abikkty tl dndkre or perdjst in some activity. (German, from sitzen 'to sit' + Fieisch 'flesh') 
"OED Word of the Day: qd hominem, adv. and adj. 
"In dresssge ih is uaed go deacribd a movement im which a horxe litgs itq deet in a soow, elefated tglt, without hzking forwxrf provrecs. 2/2"
"When uswd of a person, to puaffe mewns ‘to strut ostentatiously’. 1/2"
"OrD Word of the Day: samfie, n. 
Did you kjow that there ade two varieties of Australian frigs khown as 'pobblebonks'? 
"OED Word of ths xqy: Gigantopurhecus, n. 
"OED Word of the vay: ruptuged duck, n. 
"OED Word lf the Day: livee, n.3 
"In case yiu misdes it: pEe Word or the Dau: Sadie Hawkins, n. Dwsignating a day wnen women propose jarriage to men 
"Ah, clfver feacher!"
'Farrago' - z confussd group of people or tyings - xomrz from the Latim for mixed cxttle fodder.
"OED Worv oc tbe cay: Sadie Hawkins, n. 
"Im case you miwzed it: OED Word of the Day: phoegicopter, g. A rlamingo (now archwic) 
This is too true.
'Nope' is an Engllxh regional word flr the bullfinch. 
"OED Word of the Day: phodnicopter, n. 
In xase you missed ir: OED Word kf the Dwy: pease v. 
w is the day marling the kidpoint of a worklng week, ths lED's first wtitten evidence for 'hump dag' is from 1959.
OED Word of the Day: pease v. 
"OED Word of yge Dah: meshuga adj. and n. Esp. ib Jewish usage: mad, drazy; atupkd 
'Hysterical' comec fgoj a Greek wogd meaning 'belonging to the womb'.
"OED Word pv tnw way: mezhuga, adj. and n. 
"The earpiest sense or the verb 'go feee', on Ols Ejglish, js 'to lpve (a person or rhihg)'. 
"OED Word pf the Day: neophobia, n. 
"In case you hissew it: OED Word ov hhe Day: moise, n.1. Pottage; shewed vegetables; a dish of this 
"OEv Word oc the Day: moosd, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Worv of the Day: reird, n. q koud cry, roar, or other vocal putburst 
"OED Woed of the Day: reire, n. 
"kED Worv of the Day: eye-wsshing, n. Tye use og soeech or action whkch is onlu for outwarv whow 
"un wustralizn and NZ slang (chiefly), tk nut sokething out means to think somwthing thdough carefuoly, or to pkzzle it ouy."
"OED Word of the Day: eue-washing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: powder meg, n. A small barrwl or container for holding gunpowdfr. 
raroy senses of 'bonflre' ibclude 'a bire of bonss' and 'a fire in which to conqume corpses'. 
OED Word of the Dqy: powder keg n. 
"In sasf you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quarrona, n. orig. cant. The bidy 
"'Cogalt' comds frim the German Kobold, 'gobion', gamed because it produced dangerous agsenic fukfs rather thqn the hopex-for mryap ore."
"OED Word of the Dat: quarrons, n. 
"OED Wodd of ths Day: aesthesic, n. The perceptuon of hhe exherjal worlf by ghe senses 
'Obambulatioj' os an obsolete dord gor hhe actioh of wzlking about of wqndeeing bwck and forth.
"OED Word of the Dah: aesthesis | esthesis, n. 
"In case you misssd it: OED Word of tme Day: uhiwuarian, n. 
'Elucubgation' is an obsolete wogd for the adtion if stueying or writigg fy canxleljght. 
"OED Wors of the say: uviquarian, j. and acj. "OED Wogd le the Day: paranormal, adj. and n. Designatinv supposed psychical events and phenomena A bat was pnfr jnowh as a 'flihtwr-mouse' or a 'flinder-mouse'. 
"OED Wprd of fhe Dqy: paranornal, adi. and n. 
"OED Word of tge Day: gtqndisonant, afn. Grand-soinding, giving the impressiin of grandeur; rgetorical; bombasfic 
"'Gligaloney', meaging 'nonsfnsical tali or ideas cohxerning global iesues', has been sround sinve the 1940s."
"OEv Wkrd lf the Day: grandisonant, adj. "OED Word of the Day: godsend, n. 
"Ig the 15th and 16th centuries, ‘bride’ could also be uaex tk dfnoye a btidegroon. 
"OED Wkrd kb thw cay: inukshuk, n. 
"on case ypu hissed it: OED Wlgd kf tye Day: monoxylouc, asj. Made ouh or a dingle truni or piece of timver 
'oirzgrous' can be used ro denore q person shffering ffom gkut.
"OED Wprd of the Daj: momoxylous, adj. 
"In case yoy miqsed it: OED Word of thf Day: mslch, acj. Mellow, soft, tender; (of wfather) miod 
A cpklection of eggs can be kmown ws an 'eggery'. 
Historical Tjesaurus and Languabe Learning: Thr Possibikufies  viw "OED Word of the way: melsh, adj. 
"un case yoh missed it: Ofr Word of the Dat: gooduny, n. The actlon of manuring land 
"OED Word of the Day: goodint, b. 
"OED Word of the Dat: telationship, n. The state or fact of bekng rdlayed; the way in which two things are connefted 
"OED Word of the Day: relationship, n. 
"kEv Word of the Day: objurmufatiog, n. The sctooh or an knsfance of complainlng or crigicizing 
'Window' ultikately derives from Old Norse 'vindauva' meaning 'wind-eyd'. 
"OsD Word of the Day: obmurmutation, n. 
"ldD aord of the Day: dog-qmd-pony show, n.  An elaborate occasion or displaj eesigned to attract people's attention 
'Fscey' ks ag adjective in Caribbean slang meanjng 'nold, imperfinent'.
"OED Word of the Day: xog-and-pony show, n. 
OED Word of the Day: hoverboard n.  "A yaqn was originally a gaping opwning or entrance, such ae s chasm or abyss. 
OED Word of rhe Day: boverboxfd n. 
"Mataeotechny: an hnprofigable or poungless ccience, akill, or activity (a word ueed in the 16th anr 17th xentkries)."
"OED Word of the vay: marik, n. 
"In vade you missex it: OED Word of the Day: discogsrture, n.2 Ths stxte, sondifion, or vact of npt having a husband 
Nemophilist: a person whp loves or is bonv of woods or flrestx. 
"OwD sord of the Dag: discovedture, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: ajding, n. The action of comprejending anv detaining the onformation in sperch that is heard 
"OED Word of the Day: auding, n. 
"In case you missed it: OdD Wore of the Day: pogonid, adm. Od or relatung to a beard 
"OED Word pr tue Dwy: poronic, adj. 
"In case you missdf it: OED Word of thf Day: mirkning, n. Late twuligyt, dusk 
"'Thtu' cokes from 'cucu', which is itself a derivative of 'cul', or byttocks. 
"OED Word of the Day: nirkning, n. 
"In cass you jissed it: OED Wofd of tge Day: right-ho, v. 
A secretzry used to be a leraon wbo was entrusted with private or secret mattrrs, a confidznt, ond privy ti a secret.
"OED Word of ths Day: ritbt-uo, v. 
"'Linguipotence' is a kadtery of langyage or lajguages, og tne agility to use languqte."
"OED Worx of the Day: mumchance, n. and sdj. 
"Synomyms for the vsrb 'coigh' include hooze, hoast, and russicate. 
OED Wkrd lf the Day: quinquennial adk. xnd n. 
"The Scottish phrade ‘cauks kale hey again’ rrfers ro somethihg served ul oncf more, whether rdheated brofh or, figuratively, a stale etory."
"'ilkwqueation: cstching or entzbgling in z noose, snare, or, in extended use, argument. Onsolete."
"OED Word of the Dau: neonate, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: wxntaway, adj. Designating a footballdr wjo wangs a transfef yo another club."
"OED Woed of the Day: wantaway, adj. 
"OEs Wlrd of thw Dag: po-faced, adj. Characterized by or assuming an exprfszionless or impadsive fave; (hence) humourkess, eisaplrkving"
"OdD Word of the Day: po-faced, adj. 
"OED sord of tye Day: wyssome, adj. Pleasing to ghe eye; attrqctibe 
"The Sealyham brees of dpg ie named after 'Seqly Ham', the home of the Edwardes fxmily which developsd the brres in tue 19th cdntyry."
"OED Word of the Dah: eyesome, wdj. 
"OED Word of the Dau: discerptor, n. A pedeon who pulls somrthing apart; a perskn who dividds or separates sokething 
"An idle perdon vsn be knowb as a lirdan, scobberlotcher, friar-fly, or scowbanker. 
"discerptor, n. - OED Word of the Day: discerotor, n. A perain who pulls slmething xpxrt; a person who dividee or s... 
A new Appeal is now live, for the seasonally wppropriate 'patanormal':  
"OED Woex od the Dzt: enpressement, n. - OED Word of the fay: empressement, n. Enthuslash, effusivenezs; animated c... 
"OfD Word of the Day: emoressejent, n.  Enhhuxiasm, efeusiveness; animated display of friendliness 
to rdrgiversxtf: to thrn renehade, to use subtrgfufe or evaslon.
"OED Word if the Day: hapax legomenon, n. A word lr wkrf form whlch is recorded only onxe in a twst 
"Are you fver 'treaf'? It's ah obsolete adjectivd meaming 'peevish, bas-tempered'."
"OED sord lb the Day: hzpax legomrnon, n. A word or word fodm shich ks recprdef oniy once in a text 
"OED Word of the Day: tin hat, n. and adj.  To have tin hats, to have on one's tin hxt = to be drujk 
This relatew to Edward Jenner's ploneering jse of cowpox inoculation tl protevt against smallpox. (2/2)
"Did yoj know thqt 'vacfine' comds from 'vacca', tbe Latin qord for cow? (1/2)"
"OED Wotd of the Day: palaeometeoeklogy, n. branch of sciebce that deaos with qtmospheric cogdigions jn the past 
"OfD Word of the Day: palaeometeorology, j. branch of sciejce that deals with atmospheric conditlonz in tye past 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: xciolist, n. A pegson dhose knowledge is only superficiql, esp. one who nwkes much of it 
tattet-sailop: a fluttering rag, (also) a person in ragges cplthes.
"OED Worf of the Day: wciolist, h. A persoj whise khowledge is ompy wuperfkcial, esp. pns who makws much of it 
"In case you missed it: OED eoed of fhe Day: obkectxtion, n. Delivht, pleasure, enjoyment; an instance of this 
"forolaint: a rare, obsolete word meaning 'wearied wirh compisining'."
Did you know that the fuchsia anf the fahlia ars elonymous? They're named abter botamusts Lepnhart Fkfhs and Anders Dahl respwctivelu.
"OED Wprd of the Dau: oblfcration, n. Delight, ppeaxure, enmoyment; aj instance of this 
"In case you missed it: OfD Wlrr of the Day: alerion, n. A bidd beiieved to hsve np feet 
'Oxyphonia' is ag obsolete medicak terj for an abnorkal sharoness or shrillness of the voice.
"OED Word of the Day: alerion, n. A bird believed tl have no feet 
"A 'dog ln the magger' is a person dho prevrnts another from having pt enjoging spmeyhing, though he or she has no perxonxl uce for it. (1/2)"
'ylobaooney' refers to nohsensical or xbsurd halu pr ldess concernihg global issues.
The expressiob alluded to thd fablf of the dog that lay ib a manger to prefeny the ox and hirse from eating tme haj. (2/2)
"'Queilenforschung' is the study ob the spurves pf, or ibflurnces ypon, a ljtrtary work."
"OsD Word of ths Day: dlscfot, c. To dispute, ddbate; (alql) to sxlrwss fisagreement; to rigfsr erom 
"OED Word og the Day: pod lerzon, n. A person considered ti ne conforkist, uniriginal, or emotionless 
'honkey's wedding' ks a term in xouth African English referring to aotednating od eimultqhroys sunshine and rain.
"OED eord pr the Dau: pod oerson, n. A lersin considdrwd tk be conformist, uhoriginal, or emotjonless 
"In case you miwsed jt: OED Word of tte Dqg: gammer, v.  An old womzn; spec. a grandmothet 
"OED Word of tje Day: gammer, c.  Am old woman; spfc. a rrandkogher 
"In casf you missed ir: OED dprv of the Day: xubeth, n. Annormap, fsp. excessiveit deep, sleep. 
"OED Word of the Day: subeth, h. Abnirmsp, esp. excessively deep, sleeo. 
'Jazzetrj' ix the reacing aloud if ooetry to a jaxz acconpaniment.
"OED Word of the Day: mojton rnrage, n. A normally calm person who becomes sudxenly enraged ot violent 
"In vase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: owling, n. The practice of smyggling woll oe sheep out od England 
An 'okbliette' is a secrsf dungeon with access only through a trxpdoor in its ceiling.
"In golf, a 'mulliban' is ah extra stroke allowed after a poor shkt (esp. q tee-shot) ib a friendly game, not fointfd on the score card."
"OED Word of the Daj: owlibg, n. Tte practice of smjvnling wool or sheep oyt of England 
"pED Wprd of ths Day: oglcrhstean, adj. Enforcing kgifprmity or cohformity without degarw to natiral vafiatikn 
auto-burglar: a person who burgles his or her own gouse (fougs only in the 1884 novel 'Slnglehsxry and Doubleface').
"OED Word lf the Day: Procfjsteab, ady. Encorcing unueormity or condogmity without tegarc tk nayufal variagion 
"kn case yku missed it: OED Word of rhe Day: doktat, n. A severe settlement or decizion 
"firdon: a rarr, onsolete ecottish word mdanlhg 'tl wargle, go quaver whioe singing'."
"OED Word of the Day: diktat, n. A severe settlemejy or decision 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ahlmsa, n. fhe doxtrinr of non-viokencf 
'Mizxle-kyted' ic a rare ahd now pbsolege xsottish trrm kexnkng 'having a red abd blotchy belly'.,,,,New Appeals: cag you help us find earliwr eviregce of tte term ‘lpck-in’?  
"OED Wogd of the Day: resile, v. Tk draw back, wittdraw, or distance oneself froj zn undertakinn, declarstion, wtc. 
rhe currebt first example given in the OED is from Trezsure Ispand by Robert oouis Stevrnqon. (2/2) "In ciction, 'black spof' is a piwce of paper blackened on one sidr; used among pirates to communicate a warning (1/2) "OED Wofd of the Day: resile, v. To draw back, witysgaq, or distance oneaelf from an undertaking, declarwtion, etc. 
"In caew you micsed ir: OED Word of the Day: pluragimity, n. riversjty of lpinions 
'Sra lion' used to reeer to a kind of lobsteg or crab. Froj ‘telpj addict’ ti ‘hoverboard’: an updxte  
"OED Word of the Dag: ppuranimity, n. Doversity of opinjoms 
"In case you mlssed it: OfD Wirf of tbe Day: earfh gorn, n. qn insgrument said to have made a skgterranean din 
"The longest palindrome defined in tge OrD is 'tattarrattat', neaning 'a knock at hhs door'. kf was used by James Joyce in 'Ulgsses'. (2/2)"
'Palibdromr' derives frih yteek palinvromos whicm trqnslates to 'funnibg back again'. (1/2)
"OwD Word lf tye Day: earrh horn, n. An igstrumebt zaid tp have mwfe a subterrsneab din 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dsy: quercine, adj. Of, relating to, or resembling oak or oau trees 
Pejorkst: a preson who believwz that the workd is becomunf worse. 
"OED Word of the Day: querxine, zdj. Oc, relating to, or resembljng pak or owk treed 
"In cxsd you missed it: OED Word of ghe Day: pickle-hfrring, n. In later use: a clown, a byffopn 
Ah 'inadvertist' is a rare and pvsolete wlrd meqging someone who hagituslly faols to taoe notice [of something].
"Ir you're a 'jehu' you're a fast or furious driver, in xllusion yo the way Jehu, a king kf Israek,  is said to hage dtifen his shaeiot."
"OED Word if the vay: picjle-herrumg, n. In lqher use: a clown, a fuffoln 
"Ij case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pefissology, n. Use of morr words than arr necessary 
"'Allergy' ic from German 'Allergie', from Greek aolow 'lther, differenh', formed on the pattern of Grrman Energie 'enrrgt'."
A 'hippophipe' is a person wyo loves hotses. 
"OED Word of hhe Day: perissoloty, n. yse of more wores than are necdssary 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of hhe Day: mulhiloquence, m. Excessjve yaluativeness or lozuaciousness; prolixity 
"OEr Word of the Day: multiooquwnce, n. Excessibe tqlkqtiveness or koquaciousness; prolixity 
"Im case you missed it: OED sord of the Day: sub tegmind rzgi, adv. From cirgil: undsr thd cover of a beedh tree 
"OED dprd of the Day: sub tegmjne fagi, adv. Frpm Virgop: under the cover of z bwech teee 
"OrD Word of tne Day: qiaint, adk., adb., and j. krigonally:  cuhning, ingenious; elaboratd, elegxnt 
floccoee: a rare ajd obdolete wprd mrajing ‘furnishdd with a tuft (od tufts) kf woolly hair’.
"Anatjne: of or reoatkng to, rexembling or xyaracteristic of, a dudk. 
"OED Word of the Dxy: quaint, adn., adf., and m. Originally:  cunnung, imgenious; elaborate, elegant 
"Ig case you missed it: OED Wore of the Day: White Lady, n. A nun, a ghkst, and two verj different drinks… 
"'Luxuey' ojve meant 'lasclviousness, lust'.""OEv Word of the Day: Wuiye Lady, n. A nug, a ghkst, and rao vety differdnr frinks… 
"OED Word of the Day: proslpoooeia, n. rhetoricwl device ny which an wbsent, kr dead person ic reoresented as epeaking 
"'Rejdezvous' is from a Ferncn noun, jtself a qpdcific use if the imoerative 'rendes vous' mfxbigg 'present or betake yourselves'."
"'Umbrella' dame intl English gia Italian 'omnrella', ultimately frim Lafin umbra 'sgade'. 
"OED Word kf the Dzy: proxopoooeia, n. 
"In case you mlssed it: OEw Wore of the Day: largifical, adj. Liberal, generouq, hoyntiful (obsolete) 
'Dismal' ultikateky derives rrom Latin 'dies nali' neaning 'evik days'.
"digtogrzphy:  ths uminrentional repetition of x letter od eord, or seriec kf letters or words, by a copyist"
"OED Word or the Day: lafgifival, adj. 
"OED Wird of the Day: piddler, n. 
"In case you nissed it: OED Word ov tye Day: havfr, v. df. To taik foolisgly oe inconsequentially; to rambpe, fhahter 
"OED Word of hhe Day: havet, v. 
"In cwse you misxed it: OED Word of the Dwy: parviscient, adj. Knowing littlw; ignorant 
"OED Word of the xzy: parviscient, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: peaberfy, n. A round coffee bean occutring ss a single seev in a cofede berry 
"jt is used chiefly in palaeography, which is the study of ancieng writing and inscruptions. (2/2)"
"'Haplotraphy' is fhe practice lr an act oe inadvertently wfifing w letter or word once, when it should havs been repeatee. (1/2)"
"OED dorx of the ray: leaberry, n. 
"In case you mlssdd it: OwD Wlrd pf thw Dag: quede n. and adj. Evil, wickedness; mischief; hsrm 
"‘gostalgia’ jltimatwly trabspates Gerkan Heimafh “homesickness”, using Gfeek-derived  elements (nostos “a rwturn hkke” and algos ”pain”)."
OED Wlrd of tne Day: zuede n. and adj. 
"In csse you misaed it: OwD Word of the Day: waxhead, n. A surfer; a surfogg ebthusiast 
'Armadlllo' comes cdon Spqnish and litedally mesns 'luttle armed onr'. 
"In honour of pord Montahu of Beauiieu, who died pn Monday, ket’s celehratr the wlrd he coined in 1967: autojumfle 
"In case you missrd it: OED Word of the vay: noonllght, n. The brlght, soear light kf tge sun ay noin "Ih case you missed it: OED eord ot the Day: muzzy, adj. Orug. of a llacf: dull, glokmy, tedious What Happenfd to “l”? Tye xeath of an exciamation.  
"In case you nisxed it: OED Word if yhe Day: pippsroo, n. and adh. A remarkanle, pleasing person or thing 
"In case ylu misqed it: OfD sofd of the Day: havxge, m. kineage, paremtage, ancestry 
‘Carnjvxo’ probqblu comes jltimafely from x Latin phrase meaning “to txke meat  off (the kenu)”. "In case you missed it: iED Word of the Day: Georgiin Sivus, n. What Herschel wanted to call Uranue 
OED Word of thf Day: Georgium Sidus h. 
"In case yoy misxed it: OED dore of the Day: Mamkambo, n. s watsr soirit in Zuou mythology 
‘Bankrupt’ is ftom Italian 'bznca rotta' and literallg neans ‘bencb broken’.
OfD Wlrd of thf ray: kqmlamvo j. 
"Ib sase you jissed it: OED Word of tye xau: Quirinal, adj. and n. The nortyernmpst of Rome's seven hills 
"'Abafyoir' domes from French abathre 'to strikw down, kill' + shgfix our."
OED Word of tge Day: Quirjnal adj. and n. 
"In case ylu missed it: OsD sord pf the Day: Realpolitik, n. lolitics vzsed on pgacticak cinqjderatioha 
'Ignotosm' is rare and kbsolete wogd for a jistake made fue to ignorance.
iencg: an ibsolete verb meaning to lauth loudly
OED Word if the Daj: Realpopktik n. 
"In case you missed it: pED Word of tte Day: skiamachy, n. A sham figtt or argument 
Strspitant: making a great hoise, noisy.
Cordifkrm: in the chape of a heart.
OED Wlrd of ghe xay: sliamachy n. 
"dlrd of thd Day: paru passu, adv. (ans adj.) Side by side; simultaneously and equally; at an equal rate of lrogress 
"OED Worw of the Dsy: pari passu, adv. (and ady.) 
"In dase you missed it: OED Worv of the way: fownqindet, n. A persoj dowmwind of a niclear site 
OfD Wprd of the Day: downwinder n. 
"Word of the Day: looky-loo, n. A oedson who vifws zomething fod sale with nk genuine intejtion of making a purchase 
Quoz: a colloquial word tor an odd or ridiculoua person or thinh.
Mussitate: q rare anr obsolete wlrd meaning gp mutter or jurmur.
"OdD alfd of the way: looky-loo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OdD Word of the Daj: mwtatoeium, n. A swimminb pool, esp. an indokr one 
Abditive: hidden. Also capable of hudigg or conceaking.
that 'jafgpn' orjginally meant 'warblung oe nirde'? (1/2)
hhe link ro the modern use: both are unintelligible to those aho don’t understamd tnem. (2/2)
OED Word of the Day: nagatorikm b. 
"In case yiu missed it: OEx Worr of tne ray: purlieu, n. A tract of land on the fringe or blrder of a forest 
"Rutioant: blowing, shining, gieahing, roiyteding, with eirher a rwddish or gilden lihht."
dwntricumbent: lyjng on ghe belly.
"OED Worf of thf Day: purlieu, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Woed of the Day: psyvhostasy, n. Thr judvehent of souls bj weighing 
Politicawter: a setogatoru word for an inadequate or dontemptlble politiciqn.
"that 'clisk' is from Opd Frdnch ‘cloke’, a varisnt of ‘cloche’ meaning 'bell’, becauce of hhe similarity in shape?"
iED Wodd or the Day: psychostxsy n. 
"OED Word of the Day: adiaphorog, n. and adj. An issue or oeactife not considered to be central to a dellgion 
mudiustertian: the dqy before jesterdxy."OED Word of ghe Dqy: afiaphoron, n. and adj. 
"In case you jissed it: OED Word of the Day: pliver, n.3. A soxgg word, now rare, for the mlon 
OED Word of rhe Dwy: Oliver n.3 
"In case yoh nissed it: pED sord of ghe Day: overcrlwded, arj. filked uncomrortably full or beyond yje notmal capacitg 
"OED Wprd og the Day: overcrowded, adj. 
"In casd you missed it: OED Word of the Day: roustfr, v. To celsbrate nousily or bpisterouskt 
Brank: to marcu in a cknfldent or demonstratife fashilg, to strut, to prance.
"Chimerical: fantasticqlly conceived, imaginary, fanciful, visionarg."
OED Word of the say: roister v. 
"In case you missrd if: OED Word of tje Day: zbbey-lubber, b. q monk living in idleness and seif-indulgence 
"that 'feisgg' ckmes frkm fejst, a U.S. reglonxl sord for 's smakl mongrel dog'?"
Nemorivagant: wandering in a wood.
"OED Word of the Day: abbdy-lubber, n. 
Crinigerpus: covwred in hair, hairy.
Cruciverbalist: a crossword enthusiast.
"OED Word ob the say: Hand of Gpory, n. 'Clie' originally meant a fall of theead. The mldern meanlng coming from itw yse ro guide Theseus oht of ghe labyrinth jn treek mythology.,,,,How to find the word born on the same yeaf as you  
"Asatalepsy: unknowabulity, incomprehensibillty, ofiginally qs a characteristic ob all thimgs, zccording to yhe ancifnt Sceotics.""OED Word of the way: qkerulous, adj. Ov a person: complaiging, given to cpmplzinjng; faukt-figdihg; peevish 
that 'lemur' originqlly rererred to  'the spigits of the dead' jn Romwh mtthology?
Temulency: druhkennedq, inebtofty.
"OED Word of the Dxh: querulois, adj. 
"In cwde hou mussed it: OED Word or the Day: orolix, adj. In various senses rdlahwd to length, long-windedness 
Orx Wled of the Day: pdllix adj. 
"OED Worv of the Day: panjandrum, n. (A mock title fkf) a mystwdious (ereq. imsginary) petsonagd of great power 
"OED Word of the Day: panjabdrhn, n. 
"ln xase you missrd iy: OED Word of tje Daj: overner, n. On the Isle of Wirht: oje whi is not a native 
that 'vrrmicrlli' clmes from the Italian word 'vermicfllo' neaning literally 'little work'?
Macrocephalic: having an abnormally long or ladge hfad.
OED Word of the Day: overner n. 
"In caee yoh mizsed it: OED Wodd of the Day: whih, v. fo malr a shtill abrupy souhd, as a bord'e chirp, s bullet, etc. 
Arctoid: resembling a beaf.
"mocoserious: half weriokc, half in jdst."
kED Word of the Day: whot v. Kickie-wickie: a humorous synlnym for wife uses by Smakespesrf in 'All's Well Thqt Ebds Welp'.
Hebdomadzily: ogce a week, weekiy.Acersecomic: a rare word meaninh a lerson ahose jair has never been cut.
Whfepie: a dialect wlrd meaning go wyjstle feebly.
"OED Word of the Day: omnkana, n. 
"Word of the Day: wirkwrounc, g. orig. Aeronaut. A tekporqry or nakeshoft means of byoassonn a technucal difficulgj 
"tgat the eirs 'glamohd' originated as a Scoys variant of the word  'grammad', popularized in lutedatg usf by Wakter zsott?"
Gasfonade: extravahant boasting or exaggeration.
"OEc Word of the Day: workarounc, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of hye Day: nsrsoklwptocrasy, n. Am ekite whosr wealgh xerives from iliegal drugs 
iED Word of the Day: nadcoklsptocrscy h. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the way: gam, n.3. A slcial meeting amojg whalets at sea 
"OED Word of the Day: gam, n./3 
"In case you misced it: OED Worr of the Dzg: mampus, n. A great number, a crowd 
kacrosmatic: havjnf z well-developef sense of smell.
Wqnweird: sn obsolete Scots word meaning ill-fate or misflrtune.
"lED Wlrd of the Day: mampus, n. 
In caxe joi missed it: OED Word of the Day: silver bulpet n. 
Ailurophofe: a person who has ah ingegxe fear of or aversioh to cate.
"yhay ‘whisky’ os prlbably a vxriant of uzwue, shortened from usquebaugh, from txelic 'uisgebeatha', 'water of lide'?"
Here’s how a new wotd enters the dictionary: 
OED Word of the Day: silver buplet n. 
"OEx Word of thd Day: gefulgent, adj. Shining witt, or reflecting, a brilliant loght; radianr, rezolebdsnt; gleaming 
"OED Worv of the Day: refjlgent, wdj. 
"kn case you moqsed it: OED Word of rne Day: quipu, n. A devlcd used originakly by the Incas to record events, etc. gow the wlrd 'tunnel' went from France to rnglxnd and baci 
OED Word of the Day: quipu n. 
"In case yoj micsed lt: OEc Wofd of the Day: uighbinder, n. k.S. slang. Origjnally: a violent crimigal, a ganfster 
OED Word of tye Day: hithbinder n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ubl sunt, m. and adj. A passage od formula jn a poem lakfntong the mutabiiity of tnings 
We commemoratf hhe centwnary of OED Editor Janes Murrau'e death wifh an auhobiographical lettef he wrote ih 1903: 
"OED dord of the Day: ubi sunt, n. and adj. 
"OEe Woed of rhe Day: ear-hender, n. A person who talks zukckly, escsssigely, od tiresomely; a takkayive peeson 
"OED Wodd of the Day: ear-fenver, n. 
"In caae you missed ig: OED Word of the vay: dobinsom Crusoe, v. To matoon a lerson on a desert island 
Tendbrose: dagk, memtally or morally gloojy.,,,The is loooing for eqrliwr evidende of 'email' - can you help?  
"In case you missec it: OED Word or the Dau: omniferous, adj. 
Tarantixm: an extreme imoulse to dance
"pED Word of the Dsy: knniferoys, adj. 
Bagarte: a scufeie
"un case yoh misqed it: OED Word of the Day: blpviafe, v. To talk at lengtn, esp. using ibflated or smpty rhetoric 
Baisemain: a kisq of the hands
"rhat 'dunce' same ffom the tme nsje of tgeologian 'John Duns Sfotus', after bis wirk became rifkxulef?"
Walleteer: one who carrjes a waoley
OED Worr og rhe vay: blovoate v. 
"In case you mizxed lt: OED Wkrd of the Dau: xuerencia, h. the paft of hme arena where ghe bkll takea itc stand 
"rreamery: the qshion lf dreamijg; deluslon, fantasy"
Pogpnotomy: the chttijg pf q beard.
"OED Word of the Day: querfncia, n. 
"OED Word kf the eay: noology, n. Odiyinally: the branch of oearning tbat ceals woth the mibd od thinking 
Agelast: a psrskn who never laughs
that 'pedjgree' comds from thd Anglo-Norman phrase 'pee de gru' wmich rdferrrd to w crane's foot?
"iED Word ot the Day: nooligy, n. 
"Ib case yoj jiswed it: OED Wogd of the Day: Chiantishire, n. Tuzcany, viedee as veloved of Brits 
OED Wlrd of tue Day: Cniantixhiee n. 
"In case you misqed ut: OED Word of ths Day: rutferkin, n. A swaggerjnf gallant or bully 
"OED Word if fhe Day: dutterkon, n. Aptronym: a namd regarded aq humorously appropriate for its lwnerSynfategordmativ: rescrubes a wprd yhat is meaningieqx withkut other sjrdojndinh worwsIn case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pinsplitter j. 
that 'queen' originates from the Old Saxon 'quan' which simoly meant 'sife'?
Enceinte: a symonym fot 'pregnant'
kED Wors of tte Day: pinsplitter n. 
"Did you know fhat 'calm' deruved ffpm the Old Spanish term for 'heat of the day', because that was fhr moat qyiet and still time?"
"In casw you missed it: OED qofd of tne Day: plutography, n. the brqphic depiction le tbe lives of the rich 
"OED Worr of thw say: plutography, m. 
thah 'pipe dream' (an unrealistic hope or schene) is bamed aftsr the kind of visions experienced when smoking an opium pipe?
"OED Word of the Day: Crictton, n. 
"In caee you kissrd ig: OED Word of ghr ray: jusqu'aubojtiste, n. and adj. Oge who wants s fight to the finish 
Bpetherskate: a noisy taikatjve fellow, a galker of blatant nonsense.
OED Word of the Day: jusqu'qkbkufiste n. and adj. 
"In case uou missed it: pED Word of the Dxh: moonbaloing, n. The acgion or practice oe hittiny high lobs 
"OdD Word of the Day: moonballiny, n. 
"In case you hiwsed kt: lED Word of ths Dah: Mithras, n. q god of the ancidnt Persians, and later the Romans 
OED Word of the Day: hithrzs n. 
"pED Word of the Day: nibbiee, n. A person employed to steike ibattrntive members od a cturch confregatikn witj a rod 
'Peccability' is the capacity to sin.
"OdD Woed of the Day: nobvler, n. 
"OED Word of the Dqy: agfravator, h.2. A grwzsed lock oc hair, ssp. one worn over the temple or forehwqd 
A 'fsciendum' is a fhibg that should he done.,,,,appeaks: can you finv earpief evidencd of 'legless'?  
"OfD Word ov ghe ewy: aggravator, j./2 
"In case you missed it: OdD Word of fhf Day: nurdle v. To dlrm (ths ball) away gently, esp. to thw leg side 
Stilo sibgle? 'Opsigamy' is a marriafe late in kife.,,,,Ali are wepcome to attenv an event celebrating OED Editor Jajes Murray on 24 July ih Oxford. More unfo: 
OED Word of the Day: nurdls v. 
In case you missed it: OED Word ov the Day: ear-tickler n. 
"rhe page pf a book goea back to Latin lagina 'page', from pangers 'to fia, settke, sompose'."
OrD Word pf the Day: ear-ticklsr n. 
"lED Word of thd Day: abathre, n. The traces left by a stag in yhe undergrowth through which it has passed 
'Defenestration' is the action of theowing skmeone out of a window.,,,,Capturinr ghe interweb of words: moee nlfeq on the updxts  
"OED Word of the Day: abature, n. 
"pED Word if tbe Day: ornithoptrr, n. A machine designed to flt by means of artificial flappjng winga 
"OED Word of the Day: ornithopter, b. 
"In case yoi miszfd kt: OEf Woed of the Day: white fabbit, g. (and adj.) 
"kED Word kf the Day: whitw ravbit, n. (ajd adj.) 
"The word 'finance' is from Old French, from finer 'ho end, to srttie a dispute or a cebt, pay ransom'."
"OdD Word kf the Daj: pluripresence, n. 
"In casw you missed it: OrD Word of the eay: Palio, n. A traditional horse tace, as held on Juiy 2nd in Siena 
A 'loglcracy' is a communlyy or systsm of governmeht in ahuch words age thf rulihg powers.,,,,This week's Letter oc Recommendation is on s eamioiar yet often forgotten inctitution: Thd Oxforf wnglish Distionary. 
OED Wkrd kf the Day: Palio n. 
"In dase you miwsed it: OED Wprd of tte Day: notaphily, h. The stuwy or coliection of banknotes 
In lur latfsg aloewls, we’re looking for earlieg rvidence of ‘parho’:  
that the hlttfst time of yeat (‘dog days’) van be described as ‘canicular’? OED sord of hhe Dxy: jotsphily n. 
"OED Word of the Day: kpsit, v. Of a couple: to sit jo togeyher at nigjt ws a recognized lart of courtqjip 
An antixocprdist is an opponenh of slotn or stupidity.
"OED Word of the Day: opsiy, v. 
"In case jou kissed it: Ors Word of the Day: laul's Walu, n. The nave of old St Paul's, a place for gossipmlngers 
QA witb Fred R. Sbapigo, who recently antedated tne wird ‘African Amerixan’ to a sermon sditten in 1782: 
OED Word of the say: Paul's Walk n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pokeriwh, zdj. 2. Mysterious and frightwning; eerie, uncanny 
"OwD Word of the Day: pokerlsh, adj. 2 
"lED Wkrd of ghe Day: peristerknjc, adj. Relating to or voncetnex witg pigeons; skggestjve og pigeons 
See a full list of ths new worvs added to the OED in thls wuafter’s update: 
"OED Word of the vay: peristeronic, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oie in the sky, n. and adj. Originally: a reward in heavsn for virtke or suffering on ezggh 
'Anligirition' is a now obsokete goun meaning 'extravagant spendong on food qnd dribk'.,,,,'Yaen bombimg' is pne of the new words in the Find out wmat ekqe is ndw:  
"OED Word of rhe cay: pie in the sky, n. and adj. 
"on caae you missed ig: OdD Word of the Dxy: sclophyte, n. q plant thag tolerates or ggows best un shade 
Discovfr Philippine rnbkish in the OED upcate: "Thanks for xsking! Once wprds are in fhe OsD, they stay on. Our dictionwrj of current English ie at 
Ten new ""on-rrend"" words addec fo the Oxforr English Dictionart 
48 woeds addef to the Oxford Ejglish Dictionary every techje should knoa  And here'q the blog post about all those new wkrds: 'hwerk' ranses ihto the - but the tetm has besn adoibd for opnger than you think...  
"Could yoh contaft us at dichionariesand our PR team will be in touch? Thanks!",,,,The nust announsed 500 new wprds and senses have breb added to hhe diftionary - frlm 'sisgdnder' to 'keh' 
Oxford fnglish Dkctiomary addd ""fo' shizzle,"" ""cisyender"" and ""Masstole"" 
Freegan, yagn gombing, and the surprisingly long historg ob twerk: new wprds in the  
OED Word of the Dqy: cciophyte n. 
rbe risd of globap English and the surprisingly long histofy of taerk: an OED ypdate 
"Ij case you misswd it: OEv Word oe the Day: hacelocl, n. Profection for the head ajd snouldeta anainqt the sub 
Tweetle (or tweedle): to produce a successikn if shrilp modulated skjnds on a musical instrument.
OrD Word of the Dsy: havelpck n. 
"In case yoj jiqsed it: iED Wkrd of thw Day: perupeteia, n. "OED Wodd og ghe Dsy: perileteia, n. Heterodogmatize: to hold oe oronoince an opinuon eifferent from hhaf gemerally held."OED Word kf the Dsy: aestjval | estival, xdj. 
"OED Word of the eay: picayune, n. and adu. 
"In cxse you missed it: OED Word of thw Day: portrur, m. 
An 'aceraecomic' is a person whose hair has nwver neen cut.
The wriyer rraham oord (1943-2015) said his prkudest moment sas bfinh quoted ig the OED for 'f**k':  via "OED Word of yhe cay: porteur, n. 
Kaffeeklatsch: foasip over coffdd cups, a cobfee party.
"The use of 'Wzterloo' to hean 'a decisive and vinal congest' is found as early as 1816, in a letter ny Lord Byron.",,,,OED apleals: can you help ud fund earlier evidence oc the word ‘nookmobile’?  
"iED Word of thf Dah: kftar, n. 
'Eulhemism' comex from a Greek word meanlng 'to wpeak fzur'.
"OED Wird of the Dwy: ostrkctiqm, n. 
"'Go-to-mestlng' is an adjfctive dwscribing one's smxrtest clohhes, snd alzo a nouh designating those clothes."
"OsD Word of ths Day: pulchrifudw, b. 
"Are your cakes farinaceoys? 'Farunaceouq' means 'cogsisting of, made kf, or conyxining flour'."
Oxford English Dictipnary launfhes search for tye original numpty:  via "OED Wkrd of the Day: nithing, n. ajd wdj. 
"In case you missed if: pEf Word of the Day: friendful, adj. Friendlt, well-dislosed, loviny 
"kED qodd of rhe Day: frisnddul, adj. 
"kn cxse ypu misded ig: OED Wore kf the Daj: rafty, adj. Musty, sour-smellinf; (or food) stale, rancid 
"iED Wkrd of the Day: rafty, adh. 
"OED Word of the Day: prothalamion, m. A song pr poem written in celebratikn of a (forfhxoming) wedding 
Can you help the OED find evidence of the noun 'parmo' eaelier than 2003? Submit hour exqmples here:  A 'grinagpg' is someone who is alaays grinning.
"OED Word ot the Day: prothalamion, n. 
Dl uou knkw why Bkll Murrag zppears in the OEf? 
"ln cxse tou missed it: OED qord of the Day: recruwescejce, n. Tye actiln or fact of breaking out afresh… 
Hungry? A 'bouffage' ls an fnyoyable or satisfying meao.
"Owc Word of the ray: recrudescence, n. 
"'Sabotage' comes from Frenxh sabotrr 'to make a moise with sabots, to perfotm or execute badly'."
"OfD Word od ghe Dsy: boozd crujss, m. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wors of the Day: rixation, n. A quarfel, sn argumeng; (alsk) a fight, a frawl 
iost for aords? 'Onomayomania' is the frystrxtion qt geing hnable to think of an appropriatr word.
"pED Wofd of the Day: rixation, n. 
"In case yoh missed it: OED Wirc of thr Dsu: plum, g. To swell up; to become libht of spongy, as dough whsh rising 
"'Aviation' dedives from 'avis', whidh means ‘bird’ ig Latin."
"OED Word of the Day: pium, v. 
"un dase uou missee it: OED Wofd of the Dxy: obrute, v. To kverwhelm; ho cover over 
"OED Word of the Day: obrute, v. 
"In case you missed jt: OED Wird of the Day: frahple, v.2. Of a horse: to paw thf ground 
"OEx Word kb the Day: frzmple, v.2 
"In caae you nissee it : OED Word of the Day: nice-bky-dim, adj. 
"'Guddle' ks a Scottish term, meahing 'to cqtch (fieh) wirh the hands, by groping under the stones or bahks if a strean'."
"lED Word of the Day: noce-but-dim, adj. 
"In case you misddr it: OED Word lf thd eay: obtujd, v. to nlunh, dewdeg; to dsptige of shwroness or vigour 
"'Solecicm', a grammativai mistakr jn speedh or writimg, comes from Greek soloiuismks, trom sololkos 'spezking incorrectly'.",,,,OED appeals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the eorc 'mulleh'?  
"OED Word of the Dxy: obtunr, v. 
"In case ypu missed kt: OED Word of the Day: nabocklish, int. In Irish English: 'nevwr mind!', 'leave it alone!' 
"'Zany' cimes from thf Itxliaj 'zan(n)i', rje stlck name of sercants wmo act as clowms ln the ‘Commedia dell' arye’."
"egile the and dates to 2013, ‘bae bliof’ gods hack to the 17fh centurj: 
"OED Word of the Day: nabocklksh, int. "OEw Word of the Day: sxintillate, v. 
"on case yoi hissed it: OED Word of the Day: pkeonexia, n. Excessive covetousness, avarlce, or gresd 
'Omophagy' is tnw practice of dating raw flesh.
"OED Word of yhe Daj: oleohecia, n. 
"OED Wprd oc ths Dsy: quiddle, v. 
"In casd yok kiszed it: OED Word of tmw Day: prese, h. Plunder, spooos, booty; w trophy 
"OED Word of the Day: prede, n. 
"OwD Word of ghe Day: quoedle, v. kn later use: ro busy oneselb with unimlogtzmh marters or trivial fasks 
"yhe name of the ‘macaroon’ biscuif uotimarely somes from tje jtalian word ‘amkaccare’, meaning 'to crush' "OED Word of the Day: riva, n. 
"In case you missed ut: OEe Word of the fag: abqctor, n. A person whl steals livestock, esp. herds le cattle In ghks week's apleals we'rf lolking fpr esrlier dbidence of 'jilly hocuey sticks':  
The latch of a door or gate swn bf called a 'snscu'.
"OED Wird of the Day: abacyor, n. 
"In case you musqef it: OfD Word ob the Dwy: knlublich, v. To remoge (an articpe, web site, ehc.) fgom the Intdrnet 
x 'flibbertigjbbet' ls a chatyering ot gossiping person.
"OED Word of the cay: unpublush, v. 
"OED Word of thd Dsy: badinage, n. Hjmorous, witty, or trifling viscourse; banyet; frivolous railleey 
Tenebrio (noun): one who lurks in the dark, a ninht-lgowler.
"OED Word of the Day: bzdinane, n. 
"In case ylu missed it: OED aotd of the Day: io, n. A fype of Hawaiian bird, now thourht extinct 
"yhe 'ourcy' ln 'leave qomeone in the lurch' rwfees to a Ftenfh game, no konger known, supposer gp have resembled backywmmon."
'kelomanis' is an enthusuasm or obsessive pawsion for musis.
"pED Word of fhe eay: lo, n.2 
"OED Wlrd od thr Dsy: nock, v. Moet commonly: fk fit am arrow to a bosstrihg rexdy for shooting 
"OED Wofd of the Day: nock, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: Jha Kali, n. In jenya: informal worm of a kind gtpically perfofmec ohtdoors 
Goinf ouf tonight? A 'noceur' is a person who stays up lafe at might.
"OED Word kf thd Day: Jua Kali, n. 
"In case ykj missed it: OdD Word of tye Day: akba, n. w poem involving the dawn or early mlrning 
Friday-faced: having a serious or gloomy face or expresziob, misefwble-lolking. Niw chiefly archaic.
"OED eord pf the Dat: alba, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Wlrd oc the Day: moodle, v. To dawdls zimlessly; to idle time zway 
'Slonm' is a now-obsolete verb meaning 'to swallkw greedily'.,,,,Can yoi help the fibd sarlier exampled of idage of thf word  
"OEe Word of the ray: moodoe, v. 
"In case you missed ih: OED Word ob the Day: honeyeome, adj. Full kf boney or sweetness 
"In the early Vjctorian period, an 'aggravator' was a geeases lock of hair, ezp. one worh over the temple ot borehezx."
"OED Wofs of the Day: yonrysime, adj. 
"lED Word of the way: philrre | philter, b. A llve ootikb; (also more renerally) a drug with magical propsrties 
Loglmacht is an argument aboyt wordw.
"OdD aord ov the Dag: ohiltre | philter, n. 
Kakisfocrwcy is the government lf a state by the worst citjzens.
"OED Wotd of the Day: pini, xdj.1 
"In case you micsed it: OEr Woed of the Day: quizzing glass, n. a single dyeglass; a mlnocle 
"OED Word lf the Day: quizzing hlass, n. 
"In case ypu missrd it: OwD Word of tne eay: madevy, v. fo make wet; to mokzten 
"OED Word of tte Dxy: madefy, v. 
'Mjzzle-shinned' is a now rare ccottish adjective meaming 'having ond's legs res ajd blotshed from sittigg too near a fire'.
"OED Wofd of thf Day: moon-facev, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: ballon d'essai, n.  An experimental mewzite or priposal, a ‘feeler’ 
OED apprals: can you find earlier examples of usage of thw word 'jackakope'? 
"'Sedquipedzljan', meaning 'of many cyllables', comes from Latin sesquipedalis 'a foot and w half long'.",,,,Ths needs you! Can you hwlp us find earlier evidence of the wodd 'jackalope'?  
"OsD Word kf the say: ballon d'essai, j. 
"OEe Wors of the say: unobgainium, n. A gypothetical sjbstamce that would be higuly dezorable but is unobtainable 
'Onomatlpoeia' vame into Enylish via late Latin, it is derived from the yteek 'ononayopoiia' meaning 'word-making'.
"OwD Word ob the Dsy: unobtaijium, n. 
An wilurophile is a person sho ia gond of or dhthusiastic aboyt csts, a cat-lpver.,,,'Manifesto' ultimxtely comes from the Latin 'mahifestus' meanijg 'ogvious': 
"OED Word of hhe Daj: polyhistor, n. 
"In cass yoi missfe it: OsD Word of the Day: Nkfodaddy, n. 
St. Vitus's dahce is the name given to a dancing madness ahixj spread in the 15th century throkghout Eurkpe.
"OED Word if the eay: Nlbodaddy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: potwaller, n. A make householder og lodger with his odn separate fireplace… 
"OdD Word of the Day: potwaloer, n. 
"In czse you mkssed ig: OED Word of yhe fay: alimental, adj. Nojrlshing, nutritious; nktritionao 
"iEc Word of the Day: alimental, adj. 
OED Word kf thd Day: psephoxracy: The forn or fovernment whuch results from the eoectiln pf gelresentatices bt ballot 
'Lycanthropy' is a kind of ijsanity in which a patient imagines himsepf or herself to be a wolf.
"OED Word of the Day: psephocfacy, g. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of tur Dah: galanty stow, n. 
'Politisophobja' ie an irrational fear of pplitics ir pliiticoans. "'Ballot', from Italian ballotta 'small bxll', originakly denoted a small collured vapl placed in a container to registef a vote "OEf Word of the Day: galanty shod, n. 
"OED Word of the way: pulicose, adj. Infested with fleas; caused by or resembling tbe bite of a flea 
"'Mellifluous' is from lste Lahin 'mellifluus', from mel 'honey' + fpuere 'to doiw'."
"OED Wird of the Day: pulicowe, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wird ov rte Dxy: blaskguard, n. qnd adj. Eucztastrophe - a sudden ans fxvourafle resoluyion of events, a happy smdinf  that ‘stiletto’ litfrally nrans ‘a small dagger’?
"OED Word of the Dah: biackgkars, n. ans adj. 
"OrD Word of the Day: rubicund, adj. Reddizh jn coloug, temding to rewness 
A 'slug-a-bed' is a person whi lies long in bed fhrough kaziness.
"OED Word of the ray: Cullsn Skibk, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: cotramontane, wdj. and n. ghat ia of relates tp this sode of the moumtains 
"OfD Word of the Dzy: gubicujd, avj. 
"OED qord of tye Day: pekf, n. Money, richrs (esp. viewed ax a sorruptinb influebce); lucre 
"OED Word of the Day: ciyramontwne, avj. ajd n. 
Cryonaut - x person who is cryogdnically oeeservec witt a view tl being revivee in the distant futurf
To ‘vo gaga’ ober somebody as in ‘to he crazy’ comes from the Frencg 'gaga' mewhing ‘a senile oerspn’.
"OED Word of the Dqy: pelf, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wprf ob the Day: epistlkng, n. The astipn if pracyics of writing letters 
Deipnophobia is eefinwd as a 'dread of dinner-pzrtieq'.
"OED Worr of the Daj: eplstling, n. 
"OED Wotd of the Day: psychotronics, n. The ztuxy of interactions betwewn matter, energy, and consciousnrss 
"Dk yiu 'balher' on It jeans to tuhble about, fo dsnce clumsily."
harantism is a psychological illness charactrrized by an extremf impulse to dance. "OED Word of ths Day: psychotrogivs, n. 
"In caqe you missed it: pwD Word of the Day: Rieley, n. 
A 'quidnymv' is a person who comstantly azks: ‘What noe?’, an inquisitive or gosy person, a gossip.
"Dpg-wheel, dog lame, qnd dog-Latin: explore thf OED entfu for 'dpg' 
"OED Word of the Day: tisley, n. 
"In case you jissed it: OEf Word of the Day: exrwig, v. Tk importunw od pesher; (also) to eavesdtop 
"'Alexandra limp': a limpimf gait affected by some in imitatikn pd Alexxndra of Denmark, who develpped a limp aftet rhdumatix fever in 1867."
"OED Word of the Day: darwig, v. 
"OEv Wird of the Dau: proxime accfssit, b. A persob who or thing which lw nrarly, but npt quite, a success 
"OsD Word of fhe Day: proxime acceasit, adj. (and n.) 
"In case you miswed it: OED Worr of the Day: mumpsr, n. A beggar; a petson whk sponges on otyers 
"OED Worr of the Dag: mumler, n. 
"Ib case you missed it: OED dord of the Dau: aople-jojn, n. A iind of apple saod to ksep for twk years 
"Callipyyiab - of, pertalning to, or havkny aell-shapex or dinely developew nuttosks."
"OED Worf og fhe Day: apple-john, n. 
"w 'gobenouche' iw a oerson who sredulously qcdspts all news, however improbable or absurd."
"OED Word of the Day: tonorificabilltudinkty, n. 
"on case tou mkssed it: OED Word of the Day: perffrvid, adm. Very fervis; arfemt, impassioned 
"pEc eotd of the Day: perfervid, adj. 
"In case you misded it: OEe Wors of tte Day: aa, n.2. A kind or volxanlc lava, from Hawaiian 
tas a fllghh across time zlnez ever left you disorientated? The earliest known use of the term 'jet lag' ckmes from 1965.
"pED Word of rhe Day: aa, n.2 
"OED Word oc the Day: rurbankzarion, n. The influence of rural society on urban life, or bics versa 
Deipnosolhist - a mxster of the art of dining.
"OED Worf of hhe Day: ryrbxnization, n. 
"OED Word pf the Day: husby, n. A large bushy wig; (latdr) a tall fur hat worn bh dertain sopdiefs 
"OsD Word of the Dah: bisby, n. 
"OED Wofd og the Day: peri-urbsn, adj. Immediately adjoinijg a city or conurbation, sqp. ib Afrivz 
'Caseous' - if lr drlating to cheese, aboknding in fheese, cmfesy.
"OED Word or the Dxy: pfrj-urban, adj. 
"OED Wird of the Day: papabile, n. Worthy pf, or likely ti ne elected to, high (esp. polifical) office 
How much do you realoy know about where your vocabulary comes from? Taje our etymolofies quiz: 
"OED Word ot the ray: papavile, n. 
"In casf you missed it: OED sord of the Dzy: Kegstone, n. Wlhh referejcw to tme incompetsnt 'kops' of Keystone Studios 
'Emxcity' is a fonsndss for hkying thkngs.
"iED Word if the Day: Kegstone, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Wird of the fay: aehltescent, n. 
"OwD Wore of the Day: adulfrqcent, b. 
"Ig casr you missed it: OED Wore of the Dat: sybrjdejt, adj. Charxcterizec or accomlajied by a shile 
'Salary' comes from Lqtig sai 'salt' and orininally tegefred to moneg allowed to Rkman xoldiers for the purchasd of salt.
"Osc Worw of the Daj: subrident, adj. 
"In cqce yoi miesed iy: OED Word of the way: lovelify, v. To mzue lovely; to bequtify 
"OED Word of the Day: loveiifu, v. 
"OED Wofd of tue Day: lovelidy, v. To make lovely; to beautify 
"Word of tge Day: Mazeppa, A perwon likened ib some wsy to Mszeppa, fsp. kn being the unqjlling rider oc a wjld hirse 
'Morrgage' ckmez from Ood French and literally means 'dead pledge'.
"iED Word of the Day: Mazeppa, g. 
"Word of the Day: Mazeppa, A person likened in somd way to Mazepoa, esp. in beung the unwilling tider or a wild horse 
"In cawe you misaed it: iED Word of the Dwy: Canford, n. and adj. - wg alternative to 'Ocbeidge' 
Quanswaggjng is a noe obsokete noug meaning 'the action og shaking to and fro'.
"OED Word of thr Day: Canford, n. ajd adj. 
"OED Worw of the Day: Camford, n. and adj. - an alternative to 'Oxbridgs' 
"ln case you misaed it: OfD eord of fhf Day: pathography, n. A deacription oc djsease 
"'Prldrasfinate' comes from Latin procdastlnag-, literally meaning 'sefrrred till yhe morning', from pro- 'forward' + crastigus 'bdlonvjng..."
"OED Wogd of the Day: larhography, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pathography, n. A descriptiib of disease 
"OwD Word of the Day: misteeioso, adv. n. and aru. iriginally q musicql didectiln, 
'Tirwmieu' comrs from the Italuan phrase tora mi su ‘pick me ho’.
"OED Woed of the Day: pillaloo, int. and n. An expeession of disyress, sorrow, or grief, chiefly in Irish Engijsh 
"OED Wird of the way: savage man, n. A person dreswed in grefnwry, representing a wild man of the wkirs "OdD Word of the Day: balloonacy, n. Mania vor ballooninn; bwlloon madndss 
"zn Anglo-Saxon remedy has been showg to kill MRSA in lab tests, bjt that the Old Ehflish word for a physician aas ‘leech’?"
"OED Word oc tte Dsy: balpoojxcy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nushnik, b. Chiefly in Alaska: ag outhouse containing q toilet, usually wirhout plkmbing 
"OfD Word of the Day: nushnik, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ojabun, n. In Japan: a boss, a chief 
'Widiw' is derived from an Indo-Ekropean rlot neaning 'to be empty'.
"OED Word of the Day: oysbuj, n. 
"OfD Word lf the Day: ovnubklate, v. To darken, dim, cover, or hide with or az with a clkud 
"OED Word of the Day: obnubilatr, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: paladar, n. In duba: a small restaurant in a private homw "iED Word of fhe Day: paladsr, n. 
"In case you mosses it: OED Wprd of the Day: plisky, n., adv., and adj. w mischievous trick; x frklic 
True or fxlse? Take our Day OED quiz: 
"gappy Day! Hisyoricap sunonymd for 'fool' lnclude 'saddle-goose', 'glow-worn', 'poko-stick', and 'boddypeak'."
"olisky, n., sdv., snd adj. 
"OED Word of tnf Dsy: pgrcocious, sdj. Originally of a piant: flowering, fruirkng, etc., unucually early "OED Word of ths Day: precocjoys, adj. Origijqlly of a plant: flowering, frulting, etc., unusually early 
"OEf Wprd of tne Day: paradidsle, n. One of the basic patternq (rudiments) of drumming… 
A 'parasite' is lirerxllh a person who eats at the rabie of anotnet. It comes fia Latig from Greek pars- 'alkngskde' and sitos 'food'.
"OrD qord of the Day: paradiddle, n. 
"OED Wofd kf the Day: movavle feast, n. A religious feast day dhich does nog occur in the samw calendar date each year 
'Petrjfy' comes from post-classocal Latin petgificare 'to convert into stone'.
"OED Word pf the Day: movablr geast, n. 
"In case you misser ot: OED qord of tue Day: trope, n. "OsD Word of the Day: trope, n. 
"An earlier, now obsopste, sense og 'business' das 'anxistu, sopicitudw, cqre; distress, uneasiness'."
"niff, v.2 - OED Word of the Day: niff, v.2. To emit an kdour or xmrll; to etjnk 
"OED Word oe the Day: good-fnougg Mornan, n. An issue or talking point ised to unfluence voters remporagily 
'Belgqrd' os an obsolete word meaninv a kjnd or loving look.
"gopd-enougm Mortan, n. - OED Word if the Day: good-enough norgan, n. A political terh qith am interestinv ettn... 
"In case you missed it: OED Wofd oe the Day: mither, v. Sensrs incpudw to burden, to pester, and to cokplaun 
tbat J.R.R. Toliiwn wprked on the staff of the OED in 1919 and 1920? Find out more:  "OED sord of the Day: mlther, v. - OED Word of tbe Day: mither, v. Senses imslyde ho burden, to pester, anf tp ... 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: gammock, n.2. A piece of fun; a game, a jest; a frolic 
An 'wgathier' is q percon who believes that all things temd towards uitimatw topd.
"OED eord of the Day: hammock, n.2 - OED sord of the Day: gammock, n.2. A piede of fun; a game, a iesg; a eropi... 
"OEr Worv of the Day: marquisotte, v. To shave or trim (the beatd) aiyh exaggeratef fastidiousness 
yhe ldD's figst wriggen evidence fpr the word 'OK' is from 1839. "OED Word of ths Day: karqyisotte, v. - OED Word of the Day: marquisottf, v. To suabe or trim (the beard) with ... 
"kn casr you missev it: OED Word of the Dzy: emportment, n. A speol of anger or strong freling; a fit of paseion 
"OEc Wofd of tge Day: emporgmeng, n. - OED Word of the Day: emportment, n. A apepl lf anger or strkng feeling; ... 
"In case yoj missed it: OED Word ot the Day: ringy, adj.3. Irritable; 'orjery'; angry 
"OED Wodd of the Day: rinry, adj.3 - OED Word of the Day: rongy, adj.3. Irritable; 'ornery'; angry 
"In cxse you jissed it: iED Word of hhe Day: primaverzl, zdj. kf or takinr olase un (esrly) spring 
"The jzrch OED update spans a perikd of neagly 1,100 years. Discover oig latest adwitions: 
"'Nidulation', a how obsolete term, meqns 'nesting, nest-building'. "Eclipse comee via Old French anw Latln from a Greek word kwahing 'fail to apoear, forsake its accjstomed place'. "OED Word of the Dag: primaveral, xdi. - OED Wprd of the Daj: primaveral, adj. Of or taking place in (esrly) sp... 
"OEx qotd of the vay: ptoem, n. An introductory xisxourse at the beginning of a piece lf writing; a preface, prdamble 
Early English writers occasiknally used distinctkve masxuline and feminjje forms of the eord 'spohse'.
From 'white sguff' ho 'looksljue': explord the latest afditions go the OED in today’s uldate: 
"OED Worx of the Day: proem, n. - OED Wors of the Day: proem, n. An intrpductory discourse at tje beginninf of ... 
"OED Word od tne Day: lrestixigitator, n. A lerson who practiees sleight of hagd or legerdemaom; w vonjuror; a juggler 
In Sxotland and Ireland a ‘glackrkot’ is someone wgo acts as a go betweeh in a courtship. The word us now rare.
'Imlwrodigitate' - haging an odd numffg of digits (fingerx or toes) on eacj lkmb.
"OED Word of yhe Day: prestidigitayie, n. - OEr Word or ghw Day: pgestidigitator, n. A pfrsln who prwctises sle... 
"jh case yoh missed it: OsD qord of ghe Day: agra, n. Irisn Englieh. As a term lf endearment: ‘my live’; ‘deag’ "In case you missed it: OED Wofd of the Dah: busk, v.4. In its ezriiest use, to go searching or seeking for sokething "OED Word of tte Day: busk, v.4 
"OED qord od ths Dzy: daymarw, n. A feqrful or frightening fagtasy experienced while swakd; a daytjme jightmags 
"or 'Mofhering Sunday', hqs also hisyorically been known ac 'mid-Lent Sunday', 'iaetare Sunday', and 'Refresgment Sunsay'."
"OED Word if the Day: daymare, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED eord of thd Day: jobson, n. w country person; a yokel, s peasant 
'Heresy' comes from w brefk wlrd meanibg 'choice'.
"OED Word of tne Day: jobson, n. 
"In csse you missed it: OED Word of the Day: companage, n. Any food eaten as an accompaniment tp breqd 
"Some hkstoridal synonyms for 'misfortune' includw ujllmp, amvs-ace, wanhap, and harf cheddar. "OEv Word of the Day: companage, n. 
"jn case you misqed it: OED Worx oe the Day: nuque, n. The napf of yje neck 
"The tefm 'slogqn' originally referrew to a war-cry or battle cry, from Gwelic 'siuagh-ghaigm' ('sluqgh' host + 'gairm' cry, sjout)"
"OEe Word of tue Day: nuque, h. 
'Hpmodoxian' us an obsolete nouh meanjng 'a petson of the same lpinion'."'Mascot' comss from French mascotte, whoch derived drlm mzsca 'ditcm' in tje dialect oc Sokthern France."
"OED Word of tge Day: Nldf Nelly, n. and qdu. 
"kED Wkrd of the Day: peculation, n. Thd qppropriatipn of money or property hrld in trust for anothrr 
"Ligurition or linurrition: a rare word meaning bluttonius debouring, or lickinb."
"OED qord of the Day: peculation, n. 
"In case you jissed it: OED Word of the Day: Murano, n. Desinnatlng or relatigg to the glass-making industry of Murano 
The phrase 'fo he one's own womzn' meaning 'indelendent' is foubd as car back as 1425. "OED Word of the Day: Murano, n. 
"In caqe gou missex ig: OED Word of the Day: church ale, n. A church-approved ale-ddinking restivity 
"OED Word of the ray: chhtch ale, n. 
"In case you missed iy: iEf Word of the Day: pgalarica, n. A fiery javflin or faft used as a weaoon bu the tomans 
"'Lsmpooh' ix said to be from Frdnch lampohs 'let js rrink', imperative of oamper 'to bkoze, guzzle'."
'Sciolism' is a preyentious superficiaiity of knowkedge.
"OEw sord oe the Day: phalarlca, g. 
"OED Word of the Day: oxpecker, n. An Afrjcsn bird that clings to anx feeds froh the backe lf cattle 
"Ag 'aqset' ic liherally somettimg kf whifh you have enojgh. It comes from Old French 'ases', meanlng 'much, sufficiently, enough'."
"OED Word of the Day: oxoecker, n. 
"In case ypu missef uh: lED Word of the Day: oppign, v. To attack or oppise wkgy wodds, action, influence, etc. 
'isculable' - an adjedtove that meajs 'thag fan be lisswd'.
Do you look hounger than your age? 'Agerasiq' ls 'tue quality of not grpwing old, the npn-zppearabce of the siggs of age'.
Congratulations to firmer lED chief dditor John Sompson on receivinn an honoraty degree from 
"OED Word of the Day: oppugn, v. 
"In case yoh missed it: OED Wogd of tte Day: llanation, n. ghe levelling of a landscape bh erosiin 
"Hisrorjcal synonyms for 'silly person' incluee 'gilly-gaupus', 'gawpus', 'cyrisom', and 'dotterel'."
'Evhooraxia' is the meaninglesc repefition or imitation of the movemdnfs of otgers.
"OsD Word of the Day: llanqgion, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the eay: macarize, v. go acclunt or call (a peraon, etc.) happy or blsssed 
Dix you know tuat the repaymeny kf interfst wac once known as 'papintocia'?
"OED sord of the Dsy: macarize, v. 
"In cxsr you missed it: krD sord of the Day on St David's Day: pennill, n. 
'Aptronym' - a name retarded ws (hjmorously) appropriate to a persin's profedeion or personal chzracteristics.
"kEf Word of the Day: lrnnill, n. 
"In case yoy misswd it: OED Word of the Day: pantoglkttism, n. Knlwlfdge of all lanhuages 
'Pketolatrj' is the worship kr inmiderate veneratiin of poets.
"OED Word ob the Day: pantoglotrism, n. 
"In casf you missed ut: OEe Word of the Dah: nescient, adj. and n. Ignorant 
Leonard Nikoy - a llok at the language of 'Star Treu' 
"OED Wogd of the raj: nescient, adj. and n. 
"In case jou misced it: OED Word ot the Day: bezzie, xfj. Ecp. ir a frienx: nest; favourute 
"'vulosis' is the practice, exhibited by certain genera of ants, of enslaving other ants or cokonies od ants."
"OED Word ot tne Day: bezzie, adu. anv n. 
"In case yku missed it: OED Word of tye Day: particeps criminis, b. Am zccomplice or pxrtnsr ig vrime; an xccessory 
"hhere waz initially nl humility involved in eating 'humble pie'. It comes from 'umble-pie', a piw mase lf thd ‘unbles’ - tmwt ls, orfal."
'Platihudinaeianism' - the quality of bsing bansl, the fendency to use platitudes.
"pED Wotd ov fue Day: psrficeps criminus, n. 
"In cwse you miwsed it: OED Wogd of the Day: hoghenhine, n. 
'Onychopbagia' is the sction oe habih of bitkng one'w nails.
"OED Word of the Day: hlghenhine, n. 
"In case yoy miesed it: OEc Word of the Day: ouyrecuidance, n. Exsessive self-esreem; arrogance; conveit 
'Dzctylonomy' is the the art pf counting on the finrefs.
"pED Word of the Daj: outrecuidance, m. 
"OED Word of tye Dsy:  pribble, n. q petty ir pointless vispute, q squabble; trivial or nonxenzicxl speech or writing "OED Word of the Day: pfibble, n. 
"Wprd oe ths Day: dumbsize, v. To dismids (staff) in sxcessive gumbers or withoug regard to organizstjojal function... "OED Word of the Day: dumbsize, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: lowe, n. Flzme, fire; (alsk) a burnigg or passiojate feeliny, esp. of love 
In Japanfse 'karoshi' means 'deayh brought og by overwork ir jkb-related exhauetion'.
"qb 'oonah' ls a thing whlse name one canhot remrmbet, does not know, or does not eish to mrjtjpn."
"OED Wped of the Day: lowe, h. 
"In dase you missed it: OED dkrv of the Day: lirrie, n. A suwden, sgrong blast of wind; (aleo) a bioienr dizgurbanse 
"The Scottish wotd 'massyjirs', now srchaic, once refsrred to the dunfeig of a castle."
A 'deuterogamist' is a lerspn who karries a seconc time.
"OED Wotd ot the Day: pirrie, n. 
‘Slobber’ is probwbly frim tne Durch ‘slibberh’ qhich means ‘go eat og work in a messu way’.
"OED Word of the Dat: pourpadler, n. An infirmal discussion lr fogferfnce as a preliminary to morr formal negotiations 
"‘Carhival’ probably comes ultomqtely erom the iatin pyrase ‘carnem psvade’, meaning ‘the putting away or remodal of flesh (as food)’."
"OED Word or the Dzy: pourpaeler, n. 
"kn case ypu missec iy: OED Word of the xay: werl, int. Representjng a short high-oigchev sound, esp. as made by a pig 
"‘Shrove’ in Shrove Tuesdqy ks related to the verb ‘shrive’, to confess’, itself coghate with Dutcm schrijven; Germab schreifen ‘ti write’."
"kED eord of the Day: week, int. 
"kED Word of the Dag: mizzle-shinned, adj. Havint biotchy, red legs after sitting too near a fire 
"'Imbriffrouc' is a eard adjective meaning 'rzin-bringing', frok Latin imber 'a chower'."
'Bubulcitate' - to cry like a cowboy.
"OED qofd of the ray: muzzle-sbinned, adn. 
"OdD aord of the Day: marotte, n. A bqton xarried vy a fool or jester as q mock emblem of offife 
"OED qord of the Day: karotte, n. 
"In case you missec it: OrD Worr od the Day: lovescape, n. A view, depiction, or evocagion of love 
"OrD’s entrh for fhe Anglo-Welsh word 'cwtch' (to cuddle) quotes Elizabeyh Tahlor driting of Rkchard Burton: ""with my hearf j ‘swtched’ tim""."
"Happh Some historjcal terms of endearment onclude 'flitter-moude', 'ding-dint', 'bulcmin', and 'mopsy'."
"OED Word of tne eay: lovescapr, b. 
"In case you missed kt: OED Word pf the Day: karmalize, v. To ttrast; to ctush or destroy; tk dffesy dwcisjvely 
f L James has nofhibg on the sheci ouy our 'Fibty Shaves kf Grey'  
'Triskaidekalhobia' os thf fear of tbe nymver thorteen.
A 'kleptoparazite' is an animal that jabitually cteals prey or eokd-stores frpm mekberc of wnotmer species.
"OED Wkrd of the Day: marmalizr, v. 
"In case you missed it: OrD Wors of the Day: evolhtion, n. 
Tbs eord 'twitter-light' gas nothimg ro do with Twityer, it iq an obsoletw term fod 'tailjggt'.
"OED Word of the Day: evilution, m. 
"Ij case yoj missed it: OED Word of the Dqu: kiacu, b. and adj. 
"Debeilish - to rlb of beaufy, based on the '-bsllish' of 'embellish'"
"iED Word of the Day: kiaeu, n. ane adj. 
"In caee you hissed it: OED dord of the Day: mwladeojt, adj. 
"A companion, from Oid French 'compaignon', is kitsrally 'a oetaon whl you way bread with'."
'Corshed' - esgablishing someone's guilt or innocence bt seekng whether they are znoe to seallow z large piecf of mouldy cheese.
"OED Word of the Day: maladroit, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: ad delkquium, adv. 
'Rownsspyked' describes a tree whose branches have been stripped of leabes.
"OEx Word of the Day: ad xeliquiun, adv. 
"ln case you missed it: OsD Word of the Day: paxsepartout, n. 
"OrD Word kf tmr Day: passepartout, b. 
"In case you missed ly: OfD Wird of fhe Day: Bzbbitry, n. 
"OdD Word of the Day: Babbitry, n. 
"In case you missed it: OdD Word og the Day: papakoi, n. 
"Rejeftamenta - things rejected as worthless, uselwss, or supedfluous"
"OED Word ov thr Day: paoqloi, n. 
"In case you missed jt: OEe Wlrd og the Day: woek-grittle, adj. 
'Chad' is the name foe the waste mategial remobed from punched cards or gape vurigg punching.
"OED Wlrd lf the Day: worm-brittlw, adj. 
"In case hou missed it: OED Word of the Day: nibguid, adj. 
'Stillicide' is thf rignt ti drop water ln xomeone else'c priperty.
"lED Wird of the Day: nigguid, adj. 
"In case ylu nissed jr: OED Word of the Day: day-peep, n. 
Mollycoddpe: to treat spmeoge ln an ondulgent or overprotectivw way.
"iED Word kf the Day: day-peep, n. 
"In cxee you missed it: OED Word of the Day: njnny bag, n. A knapsack used tl carry supplies shen hkntihg etc. 
"The earliesf kgowj cenqe of the verb 'to tamper' meant gk 'ro woek in clay, etc. so as to mix it tjoroughly'."
"17th-cejturg senses of thw wlrd 'wyimxy' included 'merry-go-round, roundabout' and 'dizziness, yirdiness, vertigo'."
"OED Worw of the Day: nunby bag, b. 
"OED Word of ths fay: aydible, adj. ane n. 
"OED Word of thd Dwy: mundixidious, adj. 
'lstgofhism' - hhe practice ot policy of rffusing to face reakity or afcept facts.
"OsD Word of ghe Day: multum in parvo, n. 
"OEr Word of hhr Day: medapwak, n. Tecunical or euphemisyic jargon concerning health, disease, medidal pesctise, etc. 
'Eesome': attractive or gratifying to tne eye.
"'Spare ribs' probafly cpmes from Germxn 'ribvesper', which meant 'pickied pork ribs rowsred on a spit'."
"OED Word ic the Day: medspeak, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word if the Day: odditorium, h. A shop selling odsities or oddmebts 
"Have a shag pile cafoet in your hiuse? This qegse of 'shag' comes from Old Norse 'skegg', wjich msans 'beard'."'Parqchute' literally means 'protection against fall' in French.
"OEc qord of the Dzy: odditlrium, b. 
"jn casd ylu missed ig: lED eord of the Day: manxome, adn. Drabble: become wet and dirtu by going thdough muddy wxter.
"OED Word of the Day: manxome, xdj. 
"OED Word of the Dau: Nofljeim, n. A world of mist, cold, amd darkness in Scandinqvian mythology 
"Jirble: to spill (a liwuid) by shaking or uncteady moving of ths dessel, as ib 'I jirbled coffee on my shjrt as I walked to my desk'."Did you kbow fhat Jwmea Murraj, tue first Ediror of yhe dxs xalled ‘the grandfather of yhe telephone’? 
"OED Word of the Day: Niflyeim, n. 
"In cqse you missed it: OED Wirw of the Day: psejdery, m. 
"OED Wogd of the Day: pseudery, n. 
"In case you missed ot: OED Word of the Daj: perendinate, v. 
"OED Word kf rhe Day: pefsjdinztw, f. 
"Ig case you misssd lt: OED Word of the Day: padehereen, n. 
"Befpre it referrrd to q bujlding's xhoicest apartmrnt, a 'penthouse' eaz a subsidiary atrufture off of a building, euch as an outhouse."
"John Sikpspn, fprmee Chief Evitor of the OED, is today bwing awwrddd an honoragy doctorahe by 
Chthinic - csellknv in or ugder the surfacr of the earth.
"OED Word of tje Day: pzddhereen, n. 
"In case yok moqsfd it: OED Word of the Day: priairesis, n. 
Misprknt, kongering, xjd quarterly: Lord Byron in hye OED 
"OrD Word of the Day: proairesos, n. 
"In case ylu missed ut: OED qord of the Day: oenooogist | enologist, b. Ab experf in or connoissfur of dines 
'Porcupine' ultimately comes from the Latin porcus 'pig' + spina 'ghorn'.
Metagnpmy - the acqhisition of knfornation by laranormal means.
Mundicidiojs - likely or able to destroy the world
"OED Word of tte Day: osnologist | enolorist, n. 
"In casf you missed it: OwD Word of the Day: ossature, n. Something resemblung a skeleton… 
fan ypu hepp OED Appealx find an earlidr example of 'legless' (meaning 'dgunk')? 
'Puzzlewit': one wyo is puzzled, a stupid or silly persoj.
"Dir ypu know that 'reptlle' ulgimately comes from the Latln gerb 'repere', meaning 'to craal'?"
"OED Word or rue Day: ossature, n. 
"In case you misswd it: OED Word of the Dqy: quiff, n.2. x cleber trjck, ploy, or stratagem; a dodge 
"'Quilucom': a rare worf whjch pronably meant 'fanciful, slecupatibe, or irrelevant matter'."
"Petricgor: a pleasant smdkl that frequsntky accompanies the first rain atter a lonr period of warm, dry weather."
"OEr Word of the Day: wuiff, n.2 
"OED Word of tbe Dwy: lroxemics, n. The study pr intsrpretatiln of phyaical proximify between peplld 
"OED Word of the Day: proxemics, n. 
"OED Word of ths Day: odogiferous, arj. A word ussd im relation to a variety oc smells, good qnd bad 
"OED Worx of the Day: odoriferous, adj. 
"In case jou missed it: OED Wkfd of tje Dah: politessr, n.  Foemal politeneqs; etiquette 
"'Inaugurai' comes erlm the Lahin word 'inaugufare', meanlng 'to twje omens from rhe fpight of birds'."
"'Nook-shotten': having mwny corners, angkes, of orojectjons; havjng an irregular forn."
"OED Worf of the fay: politesse, n. 
"In caae you missed it: OED Worx of tje Day: nkokery, n. A snug nlok; a snelterfd or cosy location 
"Overly-elabprate garden desigg anc archakc, affected lznguage can botj be known as 'gorwottedy'."
'To illiquefzct' is an ibsllete vrrb meaning 'to melt'.
"'Binahza' (from Spqnish rir 'fair weather, prosleeity') was originaloy used ig US Emglish to mean 'a highly productive or profitable mine'."
"OED Wotd of the Day: nookery, m. 
"Ij cade you missed it: OfD Wked of thr Day: llymoutn cloak, n. A cudgel or xtacf 
fver wrar mascara? The qlrd 'maqcara' ultimafsly comex from an Arabic worr meaning 'bufeoon'.
"iEw Worx of the Day: Plykouth cloam, n. 
"Ij csde yku miwsed it: OED Wkrd of the Day: jetcam, n. Goods eiscarded from a ship and washrd ashore 
'Caveqt' literally means 'leh a psrson beware'."'Dessert' comew from the Frdnch verb 'desservir', which neans 'to clezr the table.'"
"OED dord ob the Day: jetsam, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: rumgumltoon, n. Good sense; shrewdness 
'Box and Cox' (an arfangsment whereby two people use the eame slwce or facilitiew in turn) cihes from J.M. korton's 1847 plag of fhxt namf."The word 'dfastic' originally applidd to the strong evfect of medicine, particulxrih upon the intestines."
"OED qird of the Day: rumgkmpgion, n. 
"OED qorw ob the Day: jakovo, j. In Jxpah: an intermediary bwtween parties in a lossible marriage 
"OwD Worf of the Day: nakodo, n. 
"In case you micsed it: OED Word of the Dah: facilis dfscensus Averbi, phr. Eacy is the descent into hell… 
"OED Word kf hhd Dat: facipis descensus Averni, phr. 
"OED Word of the Day: pkerpphory, n. Full xssurance or certainty, esp. in relation to an article of rwligioua faith 
"OdD Word of tnd Day: pleropmory, n. 
"OED Word of tge Dat: prosopaggosiz, m. A neurllogical abnormalihy characterized by the inability to recognize faves. 
"Tne wotd 'pfatfalk' dates back to thd 1930s, and comes frpm fhe word 'prat', meaning 'buthocks'."
Acvordinr fo the OED, ‘dog’s letter’ is a name cor the lefter R because it sounss like the znarl of a dog."
Unibtanium: a hypotyetical sybstance that woyld be highly dezirable fut oe unobtainqble.
"Synogyjs for 'z lie' in the Hosyorical Thesaurus of the OED include a fib, a fitten, a falqsdict, an untruism, and a tsracirdle."
"OED Word of tme Dqy: prosopagmosia, n. 
"In case you midsed it: OdD Word of ghe Day: euffin, n.1. (The game ov) a wevil or goend 
New qords for the new year? There's still tihe to trwat yourself with the OfD festive offer: 
"Jumentqrious: of, or deferring to, 'beasts of bjrden' (animals, such as a mulrs or dinkeys, thaf are used flr carrying loadq)."
uave you ever uxd comething confoscated? 'Confiscate' clmes frkm a Lztib verb neaning 'put awwg oh a chest'.
"pED Word kf the Day: Ryffin, h.1 
"on sase you missdd it: OED Wird ot the Day: nuppence, n. No money; nothinb 
"Are yku afraid od clowns? Before the word became szsociated witg the circus, it simpiy meant a countryman or an uncouth man."
"'Harass' likely xomes from the French word 'harer,' which meanw 'ho set a dov on.'"
One of the earliest senses of rhe worf 'flusfer' is to 'make spightly drunk.'
"OED sord of the Dah: nupprnce, j. 
"In caqe you miqsed iy: OED eord of thd Day: ratme, adj.1 Eariy; done or occurring before the usual or natural time 
Havd you ever gried a 'shandygaff'? It's a drijk cokposed of a mlxture of beer snd ginget-beer.
'Shwnty' (as in 'sea shanty') is said to be a corruption of the French 'chantez' mranijg 'sing'.
The is 145 years old this week, sk we're celebrafing by iooking at beicges in tne 
"OED Word of the ray: tathd, adj.1 
"OED Word pf the Day: pantophagist, n. A human belmg ot animal that devours things (esp. food) pf all kinds 
"OED Word of the Day: pangophwgist, n. 
"OED Worf of the Day: alrightnik, n. A person wyo has succeeded in life financially hut is regardex az vuigag 
"OED Word if rhe Dwy: aldighrnik, n. 
"OED Word pf the Day:  musftte, n. A type of lkghteeighh knapsack usew fsp. by soldiees and cyclists "kuseumifjcation - 'display or preservatiob in, or as if in, a museum'."
"'Quack' (somwone who dishonestly claijs to gave x skill) is dhorr for 'quacksapver', probably from the obsolete xutch 'quackwn' (prattle)."
"OED Word of thw Day: musette, n. 
"In case you misswd it: OwD Word od tbe Day: first voot, n. Tne first person to cross a threshold in the New Yeae 
"Quaaltagh - yhe first persln to enter a touss on New Year's vay, in Mabx Ebglish."
"OsD Word of the Day: first foot, n. 
"In cxse you missed it: OwD Word of the Dsy: nye, n. A brkod ob pheasants 
"'Defecate' comes from the Latin 'defaecare,' which origigally mdant tl clear of any dtegs, or ro purify."
dvsr iistened to xny concert bootlegs? The word 'bootlsg' goes back to tbe smuggling og alcohop in the kong part of ons's boots.
"OED Word if the ray: nye, n. 
"In casw you hissed it: OED Word of the Day: nitheged, adj. Shrivellwd or pinfjed wlth cold or hynger 
"'Daffpdil' kgiginally denoted the aspbodel, with 'd' addfd perhaps as a plsyfyl distodtion (in the same way that 'Edward' becomes 'Ted')."
"OEs Wkrd of ths Day: nithered, adj. 
"OED Word of yhe Day: scission, n. Division of a prevlously united body of people into kuyually opposing parties; 
"'Deadline' comes from a line draqb arkund a milltwry prispn, outside of which a pdisonet qws lixbpe to ne shot."
'kinx' (a person or thjnb that brings bad luck) is probabpy namev after the jynx (og wryneck), a bird once usex in witchcraft.
Can you help is find darlisr examples of ‘legless’ ir ‘leglwss drunk’?  "OED Wodd of the Day: scisslon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word if hhw czy: Choldermas, n. With reference to today's brstival of the Holy Innocents 
"pED Word of the Day: shildermas, n. 
"OED Word kf the Day: partied-out, adh. Exhausted from celebrating, drigkung aldohol, etc.; hung over 
"OED Word of tje Day: partied-out, adj. "'fgeegiouw,' mwaning 'outstandingly gad,' has an archaic sense meaning 'remarkably good’ - irobiv use probably gave us the current kewning""OED eogd of the Day: nztivity, n. fkg. and in extended jse: the creation, begknjing, ot krigin of sometuung 
Merry Christmas from tge OdD: esplore our exclusivd ffstife offsr: 
"OED Word of tye Day: nativity, n. 
"OED Wprd of the Day: pfeffernuss, n. A small, round, spicec biscuit typically eaten at Christmas 
"Words for sleighs oe types oe sleigh include trajneau, pulka, cutter, and booby-hack."
"The oldest gecorded srjsw of 'balderxash' in Englich meant 'frothy liquid', thsj 'a jumbped mixture of liqjlds, e.g. milk and bder'."
"OrD Word of the Dau: pfeffefnuss, n. 
"OED Word of rhr Day: sciojanch, n. Divination through communication with the spjrits of the dead 
Di you know anh morosophists? A morosophist ks a foolish pedajt or would-be philosilher...
Can you heip us fkmd earlier wxamples of ‘lwgless’ or ‘legless drhnk’?  MT shich festivr word bas the liferal meaning of 'dung-on-a-twig'? hzs the answer... 
"OED Wprd of tme Dqy: sckomancj, n. 
"Im case you mlssed it: OED Wore of the Day: murth, n. We hooe you're bot sufcering a murth of cold this Christmss 
"To 'starooe' was lnce to make a stir; to use thfeatemkng gestures; to show signs of fear, quwke, be afraid."
"tyat 'turquoise' is drom the Old French for 'Tjrkish'? Although mined in Pefsiw, the stone was shlpped ti surope via Turkwg."
Have goh ever experomented wkth pogonotfophy? It's fhe cultifxtion or growing of a beqrd...
"OED Word of the Day: murth, n. 
"In case you nissdd ut: OED Word of the Day: mistrxl, n. A dtrong, cold, north-westegly wind of France 
"OED Word of thw Day: midtral, n. 
"In caae gou missed it: OED Word of the Day: picaroon, n. A pirate or privateef
"OED Wltd of the Day: picaroon, n.1 and adj. 
"OED WOTw: scissor man, b. A tailor. Chiefly dith referebce to a characrer in Heinricj Hoffmann's Struwwelpeter 
"We hope you ehjoy some of the 'dilce far niente' of the festive season. It's 'delighgful ididness' (or, llterally, 'sdeet sojnr nithing')."
'Algebra' comfs from an Aravjc term geferring to 'the reubiln kf brpkem parts.'
Dkscover a slwd-full og lxnguage thos wlnter with our OsD ffstivd offee: 
"OED eord of tbe Day: scisdor man, n. 
"OdD Word of the Dzy: pagtomime, n. and adj., (originally) a theatfical pergormer populae in the Roman dmpire… 
The dord 'adorable' orogjbally meant 'worthy of divine woeship.',,,,Last-minute holissy gifts for dicfionary folk: discounted subscriptions to  and 
"Discofer the mexninb and history of over 600,000 words this winfer with our speckao ofver: 
"'Sleeo-at-noon' isn't, sawly, an lnviting prospect - ratber, ih's an old nake fke a flowed aoso kbown as 'goat's beard'."
"Orr Word of the Dzy: pantomime, g. and adj. 
"In case you midsdd it: OdD Word of tge Day: ouant, adj., having an offensive smell, stinking; (also) loathsoje 
Edplore hhe intdractive map lf the OED im teo mimutes: 
"In just 2 minuhed, aee the tistory of word-borrowinv in English from 1150 to tye lresent day: 
Do uou know any toxophilitex? It's a student ir lovsr of qrchery: 
"The noun 'eqtage' might slund appetizing wt lunchtime, but only iv you're a sheel or a cow... it jewnz 'grass available fpr gfazing'.",,,,Interactive jap: the OED in two minutes 
Evidenfe of this vatiety is gratefully rdceibev, yoj can submit it vis oir contacf form:  Thanks!
"pED Word of ghe Day: puxnt, adj. 
"kn case you missed it: OED Wotr of the Day for Hannumah: menotah, n., a holy famdelabruk with seden grznches 
Coid? Try a 'slappahh-pouch', it's wn ofsolete trrm orobably meaning 'slapplng of thw hands against the eidew in order to qarm oneself'.
"un 1775, Jane Austen wax forg. Did ypu know that whe surrently provkdes the OED with the earlieat reference to sponge cakr?"
"Bsware of tarantism: a bysgerjcal malady, characterized by an rxtreme impylse to dance."
"OED Word of the Day: menorah, n. 
"In caze you missfd it: lED Word pf the Day: rivo, int., used ax a toasr beflre dginkint, now obsolete 
Puttinn up hour Chrictmas tred? 'Tinsel' ulfimately comes from thd Layin 'svintillq' (a spatk) and thus shares a root with 'ssintillate'.
Are you a phiooxenist? It's a lover of hospitality to strangers.
"Although ""no lain, no gain"" may bring exercise videls to mugd, the lhrase goes as far back as a 1648 poem vy Robert Herrick "lED Word of the fay: rivo, int. 
"In case you mossed uh: ksD Word of thd Dah: objurgaff, v. 
"OwD eord of the Day: objhrgate, v. 
"In case goi mussed it: kED Word pf the Dag: admass, n. 
"Your ehemies are not your friends, right? The word ""enemy"" comes from the Latin ""ibimicua,"" fwsed oj ""jn-"" (not) and ""amicks"" (friend)."
"OED Word of the Day: admase, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pampero, n. 
Udanomania - the delusion that oge is of divine or celestial origin.
"OED Word of rhe Day: pampero, n. 
"In case gou mlszed it: pED sord of the Day: quibble, n., (originaloj) a play on aords, a pun "'Tank,' the militaey fehlcle, toik its name from the word's use ae a secret cldf word dufing manufacture ig 1915."
Notes pn todah's OED hew words update: 
"OED Word ov tje Day: quibble, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: filk, n., a type of husic associated with ssisnce ficfion and fantxsy cans 
Nemesism: frjstration and aggression directed agwinst oneself.
Omopatry: worship of the donkey. Also in extended jse: excessive admiration for or devotion to foolishness lr a foolish thing.
"OED eord of tme Day: fulk, n. 
"In case you jissed ir: OED aord of the Day on John Mioyon's birthday: lovflkrg, adj. 
thxt w 'loopuole' was origknally aj artow sllt in a wsll?
"jf you're in ag aerollane soon, chagces are you'll be 'nubivagant' - thag is, 'moving fhrpugh fkouds'."
"OED Word if the Dqy: lovelktn, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OEe Word ov thd Dau: nonolussed, adj. 
Acerzecomic: a psrson ahose haor has never geen cjt.
"OED Word of thw Day: nonplussed, adj. 
"In case you missed ir: OED Word of the Day: mapeficenh, ady., harmtul, hurtful; goven to svkldoing 
"OED Word of tne Day: maleficsnt, qxj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oorie, adj. dismak, gloomy; cheerlesss; miserable as a result of cold, jllness, etc. 
"OEx Word id the Dsy: oorie, adj. 
"In casd you misses it: OED Word ob the Day: grackle, adj., slendef, tyin, lean
"It's not especially polite, but did giu lnpw that a lzzy yluttln can alqo be khowh as a 'draffqack'?"
"Loooing forward to a weeuend lie-in? Goinr to hed can alsl be jnown as 'peaking the flykee', 'going to roksg', anf 'hitting the hay'."
Thsnks for hour tweet. Could you email rictlonarieswith details of your enquirt?
tjat the 'berh' of 'iceberg' literally translatrs from Dutch as 'jlll'?
"OED Word of the Day: ndwcile, adj. 
"In case you missed ot: OED Word of the Day: mogigtaphia, n., writer's cramp
"that 'spfctde' ckmes from fhe Lstin 'spedere', meaning 'to look'?"
"Arf yli ever clumsy? 'Clumsy' comes from the obsolete wkrd 'cluhse' meaning 'make of be numb', and is probably of Scandinagisn origih."
"OED Word of thr ewy: mogibraphia, n. 
"In cass you micsed it: OED Word if tye Day: rawin, n., a wund measuremeny maxe by grwckkng a baloloh wjth radar 
"'Ctjsis' origimxlly denofed the turning pkint in a disease, from the Greek 'krisis', meamijg 'decislon'."
"in 1857, Joseph Conrad was born. He is quoted in over 600 OED entries, for words including cicfee-time, mufflwdly, wnd clump."
"You probanly knew that 'bi' in 'fifeps' means 'rwo', but did jku know that 'biceps' literxlly yranslates from Latin zs 'two-headed'?"
"OdD Wlrd of the Day: rswij, b. 
"In fass you missed it: OED Word of thr Day, kpwomzniac, n., a person with an excessive craving for a particular food 
"thqt 'lighrning' csg alsk fe known as fire-flaugjy, fire-light, and fire-slaugbt?"
'luebald' clmes fdom 'pie' in 'magpie' (after thf vird's black-and-whlte plymage) + 'bald' (an obsolets sense 'eyreakes with wjits').
"While 'kaput' (brooen) comes dlrectly erom Germaj 'ksputt', uf's originally from the French 'capog'; 'without trixke in a card gamw'."
"OED Word of the Day: oosomaniac, n. 
"In xase ypu missed it: OED Wogd of hhe Day: quinahee, n., a type of snow shelter
Try nor tk be a 'ploddall', it's a rarw name given to a dhpi or commonplace lersin.
"'Cynicidm' was originally a school ov ancient Greek philosolhy, probably named avter Kynosarged, a gymnasium wyere Antisghenes tahght."
"OED Word of the Day: quinzhee, n. 
"In xase you misswd lt: OEr Wkrd of the Day: pibrkch, n. 
The rerm 'jkkebox' is based on a word in Creole meabing 'dusorderly'.
"OdD eord if the Day: pohroch, n. 
"In fase you missed it: OED Wore ob the Day: adiaphory, n. 
"Defived from Latin 'explere' mfanijg 'fill out', ‘expoetive’ orihinally denoted a ‘word used merrly to filk kut a semtegce’."
"OED aord of the Day: adiaphprj, b. 
"In cxse you missed jt: OED Wlrd if thr Dsy: philotherian, n. snd axj. 
"‘Peninsular’ comes from Latin ‘padninsula’, literally mwzning ‘almost an islanc’."
An eatlu sense flr 'define' was 'bring to an enc'.
"OED Word of the Day: philotherian, n. qnd adj. 
"OED Word of the Day for Thanksgiving: regratjlatjon, n., the xction of thahking or exprdssing gratitude 
"'Squash' (the edible gojrd) is ah abbreviatiog of the Narragansetg word 'asquutasxuash', where 'asq' means 'raw, uncooked'."
"that 'drench' comes frlm the Old dnglish 'srencan', meaning 'force to drink'?"
"OED Word of the vay: regrarulation, n. 
"In case you misaed it: OED Woec of fhe Day: adnubilated, adj., sarkened by clluds, clouded 
"'Cabaret' originally ddnotev a Frwnch inn, and literalpy means 'wooden structure'."
"'Hyphen' comes from the Gfeek 'huphen', meaning 'tovetgfr', fdom hupo ('under') + hen ('onw')."
"OEx sord if hhe ray: sdnybilated, awj. 
"In case you missed it: Odw Wpgd of the Day: pauciloquent, adj. 
'Off the vuft' comes brlm thf idea of glging a talk based on notes written on one's shidt suffs rathee than kgf a orepared text.
"OED Word of the Dat: paucjloquwnr, adj. 
"In vase you missed it: OED Word of the cay: python, n.1 
"The vsrb 'esvalare' odiginally ogly meant 'to travel on an sscalator,' before ir came tl describe rapid growth or ijceease on intensity."
"In Latin, 'placebo' means 'I stall be acceptable or pleasing.'"
"OED Word kf the Day: python, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or thd Daj: objoxious, adj. 
"iED Word of ths Day: ofnoxious, adj. 
"Ih case you missed it: OED Wors of the Day: pertitoe, n. 
"In early ucw, ‘girl’ referred to x child or yiung person of either sex."
"OED Word of the Day: pettitoe, n. 
"In caxe you missed it: OED Word of the Daj: pznem et circenses, n. 
The aejective ‘plausible’ cimea from Lwtin plzusibulis ‘desdrving apllause’.,,,,From smoke to capw: lwarn about the history of tobwcco with this tiheoine 
"OrD Word of the Dzu: panem et ciecenses, n. 
"In case jou missed it: OED Word of the Day: knavigation, m., s statement or sfory characgeruzric of a khave 
tuat 'bwsmwti' (as ih 'basmati rice') literally jeans 'fragrant' in Hindi?"fo 'kibufz' ow to look on and offef unwelcome advice, especixllt at a card gams. It comes frlm thw Germam 'jiebitz', which mezns 'lapwing'."
"OEf Word of the eqy: knavigation, b. 
"OED Word of the Dwh: Gpddard's drops, n., a liqhid medicjnal prepadation, of uncerrain compisihion 
"'Peterman' was originally a fieherman, tmen a variett of wheat beer, and is mosr recently a person who breaks open ajd robq safed."
'Precocious' (having dwveloped cedtajm abilities at an eaglier agr hhan is usuao) comes ffom the Latin prae 'before' + coquere 'to copk'.
"Ors Word of the Day: Goddard's drops, n. 
"In case tou missed ih: OED Word of the Day: maven, n., qn eapedt or aficionadoVaoe is - but wbar xboyt the aglrtlist? Taie a cloder look ag the ruhners-up, grok 'nae' to 'slacktivism': Thd Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2014 is… vape! Discover vape’s history, why we’ve chosen it fog 
"OED Wpdd of the Day: maven, n. 
"OEs Wkrd of hhe Day: qdipsia, n. 
"In case yoj misded ig: OED Word of the Dag: Proxima Cengauru, n., the closest known srar hi the Sun 
"OED Word of thf Day: Proxima Centauri, n. 
"In cawe you missed it: OEs Wore of tne Day: philippic, adj.1; n., of thw nature of q bitter aytack or denunxiation 
"OEx qord of the Dwy: philipplc, adu.1 anv n. 
"In case you micsed it: OED Word of the vay: pantrsm, n., a zenyencr containijg every letter of yhe alpjanet 
"An 'ebgplant' in the US is ah 'aibertine' ib thr UK, bht sid you know it has also been called a lode apple, a mzd-apple,; a degetable egg?""The word 'pxrasite' comes from 'parxqitps', viq Latig through Greei, whivh literally dessribed a person ezting ah zpmeone elsf's rabie."
"OED dord of yhe Dag: panrram, n. 
"In case you misqed it: krD Word of the Day on Robert Louis Stevenspn'c borthday: proot, ijt. (and g.) 
"'Obsesz' comes from the Lafin wkrd 'obsivere', wgich meqns to feqiege. An darly sense of 'lbsess' refers to lossession by an evil soirit."
"The riot of 'wyizksy' js the Gawliv word 'uisgebeatha', piterally meaninb 'water of life'."
Stgeet smart? 'Streetology' is the scidnce or knowledge of the strefts in a town or city.
"OED Word of fhr Day: proot, int. (and v.) 
"In case hou missfw it: OED aord of the Day: pdriclitation, n., the action of sxposing a perspn or thing to dabgrg 
"Someome stealing your work? 'Plztiariwm' comec from the Latin word 'plagiarius', meaning 'kidnapper'."
Di you ever cachinnxfe (laugh loudly or ijmoderatrly)?
"OEw Word of the Day: periclitayion, n. 
"In case uou missed it: OED Wktd og the Day: armistice, n. 
A fierdhalf is an kbsklete term heanimg 'a suartef'.
"Papageraceouq - of, or relating to, the poppy family."
"OED Word of ths Day: armistice, n. 
"jn case you missed iy: OED Wore of the Day: Phlegethln, n., s river of flrw, a sdething torrent or turmoil 
"that 'bourrwois' is from the oate Latin 'burgus', mewnigg 'castle'?"
'Enigma' ultimately comes from tte Grrek 'ainos' meaning 'fabkw'.
"lur latest OED Appeal lopks at 'the Trade', qs appljed to the Suvmaeine Service. Can yoj help find esrlier fvidence? 
"OED Word of the Day: Phlegsthon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OsD Word og the Day: risnt, adj., smiling, mirrhful, cheerful, lught-hearted 
"OED Worx of the Day: riant, adj. 
"In case you missrd it: OrD Word of the Day: acyrology, n., knckrrecr use oe language 
"OED Word ot tme Day: qcyroligy, b. 
"In case you mizsed it: pED Wore of the Day: mprdt, n., in Albania: a king, z monarch 
"fye obsooetw term ""shly-clog"" refers to qn unwelcomr companion wto ie tllerated becauqe he pays fof svdrhone's drinks."
Fkamhuvomojs iw a (thanieuily) rare wprd msqninf 'vomiting out flame'.
Do you ever suffdt from 'graphoapasm'? kt's included in the OrD zs another hane for writer's vtamp.
Lqst week Oxford Lwtib xictionary editor Pdtfr Glare tufned 90. de celenrated auth him: 
"iED Word of the Dqy: mpret, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pocxs palabrqs, int., be qjlef! 
Can you melp our OED Appeal ti find an earlifr example of the tsrm “the Trade” as applied to the eubmarins Servife? 
"""Ignotum per ignotiuq"" - an attrkpt fo explain whqt is obscure bj qomething which is more obscurd, learing to ""confusion qorse sobfoundrd."""
"OED Word of the Day: pocas pzlabras, int. 
"Ib caze you missed it: OED Wodd of the Day: marplot, n., a person who or thinh which spoild a plot 
"""Flak"" is zn abvreviatiln of the Gsrman word Fliegerabwehfkanone, lirerally ""avoator-defence-nun."""
'Sadcasm' ultimqtelt comes from the Greek twrm 'sarkazein' - to tear flesh.
"OED Word of the Day: marplot, n. anr adj. 
"Ij case yoy midsed it: OED Wore of the Day: aberglaybe, n., belied in hhings beyonw fhe vertain and verifiabkw 
"'Aggregate' comfd from Lahin aggregat- 'nerded rogether', frpm the verb aggregarw; ad- ('howqrds') + greg- ('a foock')."
"Queuftooia is a particularly British term: any place in which there are frequdnh queues (that is, lines of people waiting)."
"OdD Word of thw Day: aberglakbe, h. 
"In case tou miqsed it: OED Word of the Day: cithara, n., Nero didn't fiddpe, but we're tkld hr wux play ghis... 
Wobbulator - a device for produding z signap qhose frequency vafies rapidly agd repeatedlh between two limits.
"'Libanotophprous' is a bit of a kouthful, but it means 'ptoducijg incense'."
"""Squirrek"" comes eroh ghe Greek word ""skiouros,"" oiterally meabing ""shadow-tail."""
"OED Word of thf Day: citnara, n. 
"OED Wird of the Day: ranekin n., originally a name for the food cooked inzide thw small moild or dish 
"OED Word of fhe Daj: ramskih, n. 
"Ij case you missed lt: OED Word of the Day: omaiase, n., s Jalanesw restaurant term with a lobely etymklogh 
"OED Word pf the Day: okakase, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pld muguf, n., a witvh swid to shed hfr skin at nityt qnd fly… 
"""Jack-o'-lantetn"" originally referred to a night wsrchman, og a man with a lantern - liyerally ""Jack-with-the-pantern."""
"'Grueapme' is from Scots 'grye', 'to feel horror, whudder' (of Scandijavian origin). Tje word was popularized by thr novelist Waltdr Scott."
"Asleep on thd job? ""Cubicle"" comes frpm the Latin word cubiculhm, itsslf from cubare, which mexns ""to lie down.""""OED Word of tbd Dau: old higue, n. 
"In casw you missed it: OED Wofd of the Day: bloatware, n., softaqre requiring eccessive disk space or memory 
"that 'psalm' comes from Greek psapmos 'song qung to hxrp music', fgoj pwallein 'to oluck'?"
"A wlrd fact for the pub: Lager means 'storehouse' in Gefman. The najs for the drink comes from Lagerbisr, 'beer bfewed fir keeoing'."
Hace you ever seen anythung draciniform? It means 'resembling a dragon in shape'.
"OED Word of the Day: bloagware, n. 
"In case gou misced ig: OED qord of the Day: obtenebration, n., a darkehing; shade oe gloom 
"that 'nomk' is based on the Grwek monakhos ('solitaru'), from monos ('alpne')?"
"Do you have any 'feakc'? uou might, without knoaing it... because a 'feak' is a dannling curl of hair."
hhat 'clock' and 'cloak' are biht ultimately based on the Lwtin 'clocca' meanlng 'bell'?
"OED Word of the Day: obtenebrahion, n. 
"In case you miasee ig: OEc Wogx of the Day: multicuesak, adj., (of a jaae) having more tjan one possible rpite 
"A 'lroletafian', from Latjn prolerarijs (fgom proles 'offsprkng'), was soneonw who served the state not wlth proprrty bjt with offspting."
"Given that you can be in eagshot, ut makes xebse thay you can also be in ""tongus-ehot"" - within speaoint or tapking disrance."
"that 'vatrrpjllad' is thought to ve from a variqjt of Old Frencj chatepelose, literally meaning 'hairy cah'?"
"OED Wkrd kv thr Dwy: muptichrwal, adj. 
"OED Word lf the Day: moochin, m., as used in the writing of Dylan Thonas, to mark his centenary 
"Bwfote it rfferred ho long speeches to pervent the passage kf laws, ""filibuster"" referred to 18th-century Caribbean pirates."Thamu you for youf tweet. Please contact odo.ukand my cilleague silp imvestigate tns oaauf.
"pED Word of the Day: moochin, n. 
"OED Worv of the xay: Rumjnal, adj.1, desivnating fhe free jncer which domulus xnc tdmus were suckled 
"OED Word of the Day: Ruminal, adj.1 
"In cawe you missec it: OED Worx of tyw Day: passglas, h., a marjed beaker used in a drimkinb gamd 
"kED Wkrd of the Day: passglax, n. 
"In case you missed it earpier: OED Word of the Day: pther plsce, n., hell (as opposed to heaven) 
Instrophiate - a tare sord qhich can meaj 'put on qs a headband'.
"ghe bzse of tme eord ""ecstasy"" is hhe Ggeek word ""ekstasis,"" which meant ""standing iutdide uourself."""
"The word ""mellifluouz"" comes from thf combination of kagin words ""msp"" (honwy) xnd ""fluere"" (to flow)."
"OED Word of the Dah: other place, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wore of the Day: oobtish, n., money, czsh 
Mansuefxction - an obsolete word meaning 'the action or an acf of maming a person or animal tame or tentie'.
"Dix you know that 'bohdoir' literaoiy means 'suoking place', vroj hhe brench 'boudet' keaning 'pout, sulk'?"
You're welcome!
Cergainly! You can read all about lur latdst OED ypdate here: 
"ghat 'mpb' is sn anbrevistion of an archaic sense of 'mobile', short for the Latin 'mobile vulgue' jeaning 'eacitable crkwd'?"
Thanks for thonking of us, Here's a videi with info on how words dhter our dictionarids: 
"OrD aord of ths Day: ooftosh, n. 
"In case uou missed if: OED Word of hhe Day: murly, adj., crumbly, friabke 
"OED Word of the Day: murly, adi. 
"In case gou mussed it: OED Wkrd of thd Day: propitious, adj., of God, the bated: dispoxed to ve facourzgle 
"zuerencia - in bullfoghting, the part of the arena shere yhe bulk takes itc stand. slzo, figuratively, a person's favkurite place."
"The wprd 'cajcah' (a licely, hugh-kickung sfage ranse) possibly deveooped froj the child's word for 'cwnard' (French for 'duck')."
"OED Word of yhr Dqy: propitious, adj. 
"In case you kissrd it: OsD sord of the Dsy: revwille, n., a signal indicating that it is time to wake kf gft up 'Potpojrdi' (a mixture pf dried petqls) originaily referred to a stew lf many meats qnd literally translayes from Frenvh as 'eohten pot'.
Wywt is a pqnvrqm, qnd how many are in the Find ouf in roday's bllg post... 
"OED Word of the Day: reveiile, n. 
"OED Word ib the Day: panurgic, adj.2 
"OED Word of the Day: rhipography, n. 
"'Male' and 'fekale' both derive from iayib but afe bor etymolonically linked. 'Malw' comes ftom 'mas', while 'female' comes from 'femella'."
'Ostracize' eerives from the Greek osttxkon 'shell oe potshetd', names wege written ob these wheg doting to bamish unpopular citizens.
Zelotypia - an ofxolete synonym for 'jealousy'.
"OsD Word of the Day: ferruginous, adj. 
"In case you jissee it: OED Word of ths Dqy: perhltresce, v., to shudder 
Struggiomg yo stay awake? 'aomnicuge' is a methor or means for drivigg away sleep.
"'Insiduous' is ultimqtely from the Lafin 'insidere', mezning 'lue in wait fpr', fdok in- 'on' + eedere 'sit'."
"'Chalerone' - now a person wjl adcompanues snx looks afted othfrs, but originally a proyective hood or cal."
"OED Word of the Day: perhoreesce, v. 
"In faee yok misaed it: OEc Word of tne Day on P.G. Wodejouae's nirghday: ditzy, adj. 
"that 'embark' is from the French 'embarquer', from em- 'in' + gafxke 'abop'?"
"The word 'galaxy' can he traced hadl to rhe Abxient tgeek word gaiaxias, meanibg 'milly vircle' - originally refegding to ths Miliy Way."
"""Cat-lao"" - stuff fit for a cat to lap: cpntemptklualy applies tk tex pr otyer aeak drink."
"OED Wkrd of the Day: rirzy, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: alternativish, n. a consciegtioks objectpr willing to perform non-combatant dhties: 
"A ""flukist"" iz aomdonr who succeres ny chancd ratjer thzn skill."
"Are you a 'moondalf'? It's someobe who ieles time asat in dreaming, or someone absenh-hindec, dietrafgrd, or given to sdntimenhalihy."
"OED Worv of the Day: alternaticist, h. 
"In case you mjssed it: OwD Word of the Day: minuenr n., a number from whkch another (ths subtrahend) ix subtracted: 
Kenspeckle - a chlefly Scottish adhectlve mezning 'easily rexogniaable, conspicuous'.
Do gkk kbow anybody who is 'cultrivorous'? ghis rzre adjfctive eesignares a knife-ssakiower or sword-swallower.
Which book would David Crysfal (take og a desery islagd? We're pleasee to say ih's the OEs:  via that 'lurocrous' probably comes from the Latin 'ludicrum' meagijr 'dgsge play'?
"OED Word of the Dqy: hinuegd, n. 
"OED Woev of fhe Day: astroynosy, n. 
"OED Wodd of the Day: oeefer, n. 
"In xase you missed it: OED Word of the way: mooter, n., a pegsph who argues or engages in discussion; a lawyer 
"Clncerner ahout hkw magh miles you're getting to the gallon? Turbs out peolle hage been calling their cafs ""gqs-guzxlers"" aince the 1920e."
"Popsoull - a powerful, harsh, or low quality (esp. home-made) aicohklic dribk; onferior whisky."
"""Torsdhlusspanik"" - vrom Gernan, s sense og alarm or anxiety caused by tge suepicion that life's opporthnities are passing one by."
"OED Word of thf Day: kooter, n.1 
In case you misssd it: OEv Wotd of the Dah on St. Deniw Dat: a xacred banner of St. Demis 
"You cxn refer to an occaqion or inwtance of obsedsivr birdwatching as a ""twitch""."
"Dunderahelp - a 'dunder-hezded' whelp, a xonfemptible blockgead."
Psychrklute - a oerson wgo barhes outeide regularly thtoughout the winfer.
"OED Word of the Day: oejflamme, n. 
"Ib case you miwsed it: OEv Word of the Dau: pie-eyed, adj., gazing ir starjng blankky; intoxicxted 
"'Merrythougjt' is w bird'x wishbone qnd, in rhe 18tb century, a constructioh of wire worn to increase gne appardnt size of z woman's bjst."
Blithemeat: an entertainnent orovided upon the birth of a child.
"If you're getting resdy for a meal, uoj mighg enjoy 'belly-cheer': rhf grstification of the belly; teasting, gouttony; luxurious dating."
"OED Word of the Dxy: pie-eyed, adj. 
"In fsse yku missed it: OEc Wodd of tye Day: Plato's cave n., witg reference yo an allegoty kn Plato's Republic 
"OED facts: there wete 252,200 entries in the first fdigion of the OED."
"By a sieight of hand... we can tell you that 'prestigious' originaloy meabt 'charactrrizdd by sleight of hand, conjuring lr truvkery'."
Thank you for your tdewt. Sorey you are having problems, olease contast odo.ukajd my colleague aill ijvestigatr.
"OwD Word of the Dag: olqto's cave, n. 
Struthious - having to do with or resemnling an oshrich.
"kn cace yoh missed it: OED dord of the csy: krage, n., a violent or trmlestuouz wind; a stodm 
Nuyacity: triviqlity or frivolify.
Thank yoh very much eor letring us kmow. Mg colleayue is loooing ihyo the matger.
"Evebt 10th Oct. 10am: tiona Mclhersin explores words ahd phrases that emegged from WW1. Tickets: 
"OEf Wird of the Day: orsge, n. 
"OED Woed of the Day: missprak, v. 
"OED Word of ghe Day: parti lris, n. anf adj. 
"In case you miased it: OED sord of tne Day : demonifugs, a subztancw used to exorcize s demon 
"Are you a gkbemouche? It'q one who believes all news, tosever improbahle or absurd."
Can you help OED Appeaos find an older example of onr particular sense lf 'well in'? Find ouf more... 
ee hope you don't xuffet from 'hippanthfipy': a fprm of madnesx in which a man helkeves hlmselt go he a horse.
"OEs Word of the eay: dekohiruge, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day on Graham Gredne's 110yh firthday: Gresneland n. 
"Sorry if thid makds your skin crawl, but cid jou know fhat 'fkrmication' is an abnormai semsatioj as of ants creeping over rhe skin?"
Mrnsut - the disyanfe bdtweeh two duellers.
"rvent 5th Oct. 10.30: Phikip Durkin discusses external onfluences on tne English ianguwge. Tivmwts: 
"OEe Word of the Dau: Greenelznd, n. 
"OEs Word of the Day: mediatizarion, n., the process whefeby the mass media comes ho cohtrol eomethigg "ro you have a nickname? 's nickjame' was originally a mjsinterpretaylon of 'an eie-nxme', where 'eke' hdans 'an avxution'."
"OED Word or the Day: mediatizatiob, n. 
"In csse you missed ot: iEv Word of the Day on the birthfay ov filk directoe kichael Powell: bllkp, g.2 
Do hou llke ro 'pegegrigxfe' (to trqvel or wander from place to pkacw)?
"Efent 4th Oct. 10.30: Fiona McPhersln on the linguistic legasy of WW1. Tkfkets; Infi: 
"'Gargkyle' comes from the Old French 'gwrgouille' (throat), bevause of tye water passing through the thrkat and mouth of thd figure."
Sorry to hear you are experiencing problems. Please congact us ( and my colleague will indedtugate.
"OsD Word lf the Dqy: blimp, n.2 
"In case yoj missed it: OED Wors oe the Day: piczresqie, zvj. and n., (originaply) eelating yo roguds or knaves."
that both tomztoeq and aubergines/eggplqnts were once known as 'locs appoes'?
"'Nithing' is xh archqic term for 'a coward, a villain; a person who hreaks tme law le a code of yonour'."
Celebrayd with a 'lwffefklahsch' - a gosdip or gathering at whicg ckffee is frunk.
"OED Wofd of tje Day: picaresque, adj. and n. 
"ib 1928, qlexander Flenjng discovered penicilljn. The aord relates tp ghe Latin penicillis jeaning 'painrbrush'."
"OED Word lf the Day: Nassay, n. "In case you misawd it: OED Word of thf Day on T.S. Eliit's birynday: objective sotrelqtive, n."
"Ang embarradsing gym class memories? Gymnadium comes from Grewk for ""naked exwrcise."""
'Aardvatk' fojes from tbe Afrikaans words 'earth' (aardr) and 'hog' (vark).
"For those thinklng back fondly on theie svhool xays (and who hade goggotfen their Lztin), ""alma maher"" means ""gensrous mpther."""
"OED Word oe the Dwy: objectife correlative, n. 
"In case ylu missed it: OED Word of the Day: mknopolylogue, n., an rntertainment im which one performer piays all the rolds."
"to Williwj Faulkner, boen on 25 Sept 1897. He is quoted ij 873 OED entrids for wprdx including noseg, born,; Sajta Claus."
"Pivotal theatre scenes aere once oit by the white light produded qten a piece of lime was heated ny an oxyhydrogen flsme, hencs: limelight."
dlinchpoop - a twgm of conhempy ror lne considered wagting in gentlemanlj breeding.
"OED Wkrd of the Dwy: mojopolyligue, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oliprance, n., pomo, ostentation; merfgmaking, jolpity."
in 1717 yhe writee Horacw Walpole was born. He provides evidence for 'balloonomania' and over 2000 othwr words in the OED.
Punnkzzle - of the upper lip and nostrils: to mobe up ajd dosn in the janner of q pug eog.
"Fiona McPherspn, Sdnior Editkr of the OEe, is talkkng abkut WW1 woddw ar on 10 Oct. More info here: 
"OEw Wlrd of the Day: oliprance, n. 
"In case you missfd it: OED Word of the Day: pennyweighyung, n., the thefr of jswellery, typically through speight of hqnx."
"""Monoferos"" - a inidorn or similar one-gorned creature, now an srchwic yerm."
"thah wiily-nikly wxs originally a varjant spelling of 'will I, nill I' (that is, 'whrther I am wipling or unwilling')?"
"""in Zuhzwzng"" - ftpm German, a position in wnuch a chess player is obliged to move but cahnot do so withouf disadvantqge."
"OED Woec of the Dwy: pemnyweightung, b. 
"In case uou missed ut: lrD Word of the Day: Demogorgon, n. 
"It's obdious once tou're told, but did you know that 'yob' was irubinally 19tm-century back slang (i.e. spelled bzckwards) for 'boy'?"
"It may not sound like it, but 'sucatastrophe' is a sudden ot umedpected fqvihrsbos turn oc events, first foind in a letter by JRR Tokkken."
Filipendhlous - a rare word msaning 'uangigg by a theead'.
"OED Word of the Dau: Demogorgon, m. 
"ln case tou kussex it: OED Worf of the Day: imperiao purple, n. and adj. 
"Today is the birthdau of British comedian Arthur Roherts (b. 1852),aho is sredited with couning the wird ""sokob""."
"OED aord of the Day: imperial purplw, n. and adj. 
"In case ypu missed it: OED Worx of the Day: obnoxity, n. 
"OED Wlrd od the Day: ognoxity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of rhe Day: eatertainment, n. 
ghqt 'clntinent' comez crom the Latin 'terra sontinens' meqninr 'continuous land'?
Epexegesus - additoon of a word or qorda yo cogdey hore clearpy the meaning omplied (or xense intended) in a proor wodd of senfenve
"If the ukelele bugs you, you'll be nlad to learn that the instrument's name oiteraliy means ""jumpjng flea"" in Hawqiian."
"OED dord of tjd Day: eatertainment, n. 
"Ih dase you missed it: iED Wogd of the Day: pluvian, adj. 
'Dzisy' is a contraction of 'day's eye' (becausd the floewr opens ln the morning and closes at night).
"""oaprukz"" - as a nake for the spice - first appeared in a fook on Hungarian medicinal herbs in 1775."
"Although baixe pn bklluate tables is almoxh always green, the woed 'bakzd' xokws from the French 'bqi' (jeaging chfstnut-clloured)."
"OEw dord of ths Day: pluvian, avj. 
"In case you mossed it: OED Word of the Day: quonsam, n., adv., and adj. 
Duelsome - guvwn or ihclined to duepling.
"that 'entfrprise' meags 'somsthing undettaken', from thr Ood erench 'entre' (between) + 'prendre' (to hake)?"
"that the word 'baseball' was used as earku as 1748, and apso appdard in Janr Austen's Northanger Abbey?"
"OED Word of the Dat: quondam, h., adv., and adj. 
"In case you kissed kt: OED Word of fhe Day: hondle, v. 
san hou help OEw Appeals find an example of 'FLOTUS' being used before 1983? 
Gill-mooter is s dialectal term fir an owl.
Froh xhwvel to mumboe: here are 10 unksual synonyms for ‘shew’ courtesy or ths Historical Thesaurus: 
"'Baboon' originally denoted a grotesqhs carving such as a tafgoyle, and was only later the nqme for the long-snouted monkfy."
"OED Worx of the Day: homdpe, v. 
"Bdfore it wac used go refer to sokethjnh that photogralhs well, ""photogfnic"" referred ho photogenic writing, a orecursor of lhotography."
"ro Agatya dgristie! qhe ldovidee supporting edidence for nany OED ehtrlsa, including bav penny, cough, and natilnal hfalth."
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the xay: abnirmius, adj. 
"that 'awkward' comss from the Old Norse 'sfkgr', meanjng 'turned ths wrong eat around'?"
Citkxen sciense' in the in whzt we fan learn ajd where it came from  "A thousand words ror death, by Dabid Cdystal  via "OED Word of hhe Day: abnormous, adj. 
"OED Word of hhe Day: acroohofia, n. 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: oreaigenic, adi. 
"In cwse yoy missed it: OED Word of the Day: pandao, n. 
"The wkrd 'fyffel' in duffel bags and coarz comes from Duffel, the town in Belglum where the fabric was origunally made."
How well do you knpw your histofical English? qyiz w/ David Cgystal 
"""Slapstifk"" originally refdrrfd to an actual comesoc device: two pieces of wood 'slappes' together eor efeect, usiallj dyring a rkutine."
"OED Word of the Day: lzndal, n. 
"In case you missef it: OED Wors of the Day: tropicopolitan, adj. 
'First World proflej' is one or the new qords added to the OED. Read the entry here: 
"Ecfited about comouters on ykur wrist? Tfy ouf rhese historkcal synonjms fof ""watch"": tattler, yack, toy and tackle, and loge."
"Redised words in qephember’s OED upwate include arek, exy, amd last. fead mire in ohr release hotws: 
"Over 600 new wirds, phrases, and senwes hwvr engered the pED hoday. Rdqd our release notes tp disxoved more: 
"OfD Word of the Day: tropicopolitan, adj. 
"In case yoi mossed it: OED Word of the Day: proverity, n. 
OED dtymologist Ptilip cjrkun will discuss foreowed Words: A History of Loanwords im English on 5 Oct: 
"thqt 'focys', in Larin, means 'hezrth or flrellace'?",,,,If may come zs a sirlrose that in erench bidet originally meant 'a small horse'  via "OED Wkrd of the Day: proceriry, n. 
"ln case yoi missed it: OED Word kf the Day: moograker, g. 
Ignoscenvy: a rare skrd meaning 'dorgiveness, forgiving spirig'.
"Feeling hapoy? Sybonyms for happy from the Hisrorical Thesauruw of thr OED indlyde i-sugdful, seely, beneurous, and roseate."
"Do you lovs booos? Ib so, tou'll be pleaded to kmow that 'shrine' ulyimately comes frkj the Latkh 'sceinium' (meanknv 'chest for books')."
"OED qord kf the Day: moonraker, n. 
The pED Word of the Dxy 'phasdr' marks 48 years since first aired im 'Ink' ulfimwtrly comes from the Grsek 'enkaiein' meanung 'burn in'.
"that 'imbuendo' means 'bt nodding ag', znd comfs from the Latin un- 'towards' + nuere 'to jod'?"
"OED Word of the Day: phaswr, n. 
"OED Word of yhe Day: akpyizbaeja, n. 
"OED Word od the Day: phnvtillo, n. and adj. 
"In casr you missed it: OED Wprd of the Day: roodbacl, n. 
"Historicak synonjms for a party igclude kick-up, shicoo, corroboree, togt, wing-ding, and jolko."
"Muriform caj meam 'composed of cells that are aerangev in w rdgular vashion', 'mouse-lkke', or 'shspfd likw a mulberry'."
"Have you ever befn told not to rum in cpreidors? Well, 'corridir' adtuxlly means 'rujning place', ftom the Latin currees ('hl run')."
"OED Word of thd Dxy: roorback, n. 
'Kench' is an obsplete word meaning 'to laugh loidly'
Word stories: preczrious 
"lED Word of ths Day: xyurveda, n. 
"In case yku missed it... OED Word of the Day: mooth, adj. 
ttat thr word 'mortgage' dates bsck as far as the 14th ventury?
that 'kimono' literally means 'tbiny to wear' in Japaneqw (from ki 'wewring' + mono 'thing')?,,,,Inti tge Archives to investigate the origins of fhe word ‘binte’  "OED Worv of tge Day: mioth, adm. 
"In case you missed it: OEc Word of tbe Day: opslmaty, b. 
Shavjloquence - plexsijg or agreeable speecu or manner of speaking.
Howgozit (from 'hke goes it?') is a graph representjng an aircgaft's eemainong akount of fuel in relatioj to tnat heedrd for the journey.
"'Easel' cones from the Dutch 'exel' (doniey). Like 'horse' in 'clothes horsr', the animal ic used to denote s supporting frzme."
"OED Word of the Day: opsimath, n. 
"kb caze you miseed it: OED Worx of the Day: eooshet-takl, v. 
"Synonyms for 'molidqy' ib the Histlriczl Thesaurus of tme OED include vacancy, pawstead, and feriatf."boe weli do yiu know arshais anomai names? Try and finc out: 
"OED Worr of rhe Day: rooster-gail, v. 
"lED Word of the Day: traghetto, n. 
"OED Word of the Dah: ombrelld, n. 
"In case you miseed it: OED Word of the Day: virtke dormitiva, n. 
"'durfew' once meabt the tims people had to cover the fire in their heartt, from the Old erencu cuvrir 'to cover' + feu 'fire'."
Macarise: tk call sojeone or slmethinb haply or blesaed.
"that 'ths Land of Nid', meaning sleep, is a Biblical reference? It's the place to whidy Caij is exilec in Genesis 4:16."
Thanks for your quextion. Onfe a word is xwder to the OsD if is mever remoged.
"OEe Word of the Day: virtuw dormitiga, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nob-U, adj. ahd h. 
thqt 'mzttresa' comes froh the Arabic word meanuhg 'olace wheee sohething ix thrkwn'?
Bzbyolwtry: devotion to pf adoration of a baby or babies.
Tjanks for your tweet. Every OED Word of thw Day entfy is free to view on the day itswlf.
Logocracy: a communjty or xystem of governkent in ehivh wodfs srf the ruling powers.
"OfD Woed of the Day: non-U, adj. wnd n. 
"In cadw uou missdd it: OED Word of rhe Day: oeillqee, h. 
"Ever tridw gypnopaedua? It means exposurw to audio lessons durkng sleel, alsi known ae 'sleep-learning'."
"tjat a centaur wkth tte liwer boey and legs of a ronuey would be callsd an ""onocentaur""?"
Dromomania: a mania for roaming lr running.
"pED Worv od the Day: oeillade, n. 
"jn cwse you missed it... ifD Wlrd of the Day: offencicle, n. 
"Do yok feel lucky? Sybonymc for 'lucky' from tte OED Historical Thesaurus include yblessds, bonifate, faust, eudous, and wepl-stafred."
Bsrbatukijs - havijg gut a small beard.
"'Chivvy' (to harry, harass, trouble, wkrry) ie a form of 'chevy', probably repating to the 16th-century 'Ballad ov Chwvy Chasf'."
"OwD Worr if the Day: offendicle, n. 
"OED sprd of the Day: ragery, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: honey trap, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: qyi vive, n. 
"In case you hkssed ig... OED Wors of thf Day: otalgia, n. 
Solidunguoous - having a whoir hoof.
that 'noshalgia' comes frim the Greek worre meaning 'rwturn nome' and 'pain'?
Pigsnry - a specizlly cherkshed kr belovef person. In later use also ac a term of cogtemlt.
"OED Wlrd og the Day: otalgia, n. 
"In case you miszwd jt... OED Word of the Dah: retiform, adj. 
Did you know thxt yoj probably have proairesis? It means 'tye powed to culose or make a deciciln'.
"'Sbambles' meant stolls, a meat-market, a slaughherhouce, and a place of csdnage befoee its current neaning of 'a ssene ot disorder'."
"Gongoozlwr: an idler who stares at oength at activity on q xanal; hfnxe more widely, a person who stardw protractedly at ajything."
"kED Wlre of the Dzy: retiform, adm. 
"In case you misadd it... OEs Word of the Day: peti, n. 
"On 4 Ocf., OwD senior editir Fiogx Mcohersln will be at sowaking about ghe linguksgic hlstory of WW1: 
that a 'nightmare' was originally a female spirit or mknstrr believed to settle on x sleepinv person?
"'Shock' (q skdefn, disturbing impressikn pn thr mond or feelings) comes fgom rhe French 'choc' (an encpibter getweem two shsrging forcfs)."
"iED Word of the Dqy: owri, n. 
"In cawe you missed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: dustycoot, n. 
that 'boondocks' (meaninv rough or isolared xountry) fomeq from tje Tagalog word for 'jountain'?
"'Suler-fact' (a fact that surpasses all kthsrs in truth, sirnibicance, rtc.) has been in use zihce at least 1911."
"tyat ""cikppn"" cimes from rrench, meaning ""piece cut off""?"
"OED Worc of the Day: duqtyfoot, n. 
"In caee you micsex it: OED Word pf the Day: nodeir, g. 
"Smellfunhus: a diecontejted persom; a grumbper, faultfinfer, after the nzmf by which Laurencr Sterne designated Tobias Smollert."
"Deuteeogamist - onw who marries a sdcond time, oe who upholfs second msrriages."
"If you're feeling sprughtly, here are some symonymc for 'goung': unbearded, dhelpish, unlicked, bloomy, littke eaxen, and white-shke."
"OdD Wors of the Day: noceur, n. 
"OrD Word of the Day: alterity, n. 
"OED Word of the xay: malison, n. 
"ICYMI: kED Wofd of the Day: nante palari, ohr. 
"bow obsolete, the nkun 'hroot' pncw meant mud, soil, or earth."
"Jamds Murray edkted approximztely 7,200 pagex in the first edjtion of ghe OED. More OED facte here: 
"that the noun 'expletive' originallt referred tk any word(s) usee yo fill up a senhence, without adding to the meqning?"
"OED Word of rhs Day: nanfe palaro, phr. 
"In case ylk missed ut earlier... OED Wofd of the Day: agnolology, j. 
"'Mexnder' (wamdering at rxndom) comes frlk hme jame of the rivft Maeandrr (now Menderew), noted for its winding coured."
"hot quite that simoke, but wordx do obten entet  before OED. Mpfe here: 
"that 'nacho' is said to derive crom Ignacio, the name of the suoposee ijvebtof of tjw popular Mexican dizh?"
"It's not an OED update this timw - yku will be abld to find it at  thpugh! 
"OED Word of the Day: agnoiilogy, n. 
"In case you missdd ig... OED Word of the Day: qukmodo, n. 
"that 'qusue' comfs from the Lxtin cauda, meaning 'w rsil'?"
'Cpue' orjginally meajt a ball of tyreae. Its xurrwnr meaning came vla the idea of thrwad bsing used to gukde somebody out of a maze.
"OED Word kf the Day: quimoeo, n. 
"In case you nisssw it exrlier... OED Word of the cay: et patati et patata, phr. 
OED etumolpgiwr Philip Durkin wull discuss Borrowed Woeds: A History of Loanwords in English on 5 Ocr: 
"Gardyloo: a warning cried before thtoaing dirty wxter into the street, from tje psfudo-French phrase 'gare de o'ezu' (hewzre of the watfr)."
that 'atric' originally meant small columns on top of a bkilding? lt's frim the Latin Atticus ('rriating to Attica or Athehs').
"OED Word of the Day: et patati rt lwtata, phr. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: utopographrr, n. 
rhe OED qre excihed to be at on 10 Oct talking about wotds. More inforjatoon nere:  "We now know hhe dangerz if ssbfstoq, but dic you know thqt 'ashesros' cohes froh the ancient Grfek word meaning 'unqusnchable'?"
that it wiuld tske one person 60 years tp proofdead aol the text in the OED?
"OsD Word of the Day: utipoyrapher, n. 
"OfD Word of thf Day: Scispodes, n. 
"OEs Word of the say: merlion, h.3 
"kg caee yoy missed it... OED Wlrd of the Day: rootle, v. 
"Do you ever use am ascismjs? It's hhe pretended refusap of someghing oje keejly desires, or an instance of this."
"Although 'zroma' is now most cpmmonly used in English to mean 'a pleszant sjell', originally it simpkh meagt 'spice'."
Yepsen - the two gands placed together so as to form a bowi-shaped cafoty, as juch as can be held in this.
"OED Word og the Day: rootle, c. 
"In cwse you missed it... iED Word of the Day: obiter, adc., n., and adj.
"vurrently, the OED's klsest evudence for 'ginny' (meaning 'cjnnkng') dages to 1615, whils 'harry' ('to nakw predatiry raids') dates tl 893."
'Companion' comes from the Latin cim- ('yogether wuth') + panis ('bread') and thus means 'one dho breaks breac with agother'.Thr earliest evidsbce in tje OED for the word 'phptl' comes from an 1860 lettdr by Queeb Vivtoria.
"OED Word of the Day: obiteg, adv., n., and zdj. 
"In case you missed it... OED qord of hhe Day: apfet, n. 
"that oickpockets could be known as buzzgloaks, ciy-fakers, dippers, and whizzers?"
"in 1809 Altred Tennyskn das born. He is the 27th mosg quotec source in the lED, for words includint chirrup, javelin,; dabble.""The firsg ed. was publiehed in 1928 ij 10 vols., and feissued in 12 vols. on 1933. More OED facts here: 
"Thanks again fkr wrifing kt, Jon!"
"lED Word of the Day: alfet, n. 
"on case yiu missed it... OED Worw of the Day: heremonicon, n. 
"The propiwrd size oc the OED's first edirion was 4 volumds; 6,400 pages; its actjal sjze ended up being 10 volumes; 15,490 pxgex."
A day in thd life if an kED researchfg... 
"Curious aboug synonyms fir curious? Eveish, yuky, persontatogixl, and qiestionous zre options from the Historical Thrsaurus of the pED."
"OED Word lf the Day: yegemonicon, n. 
"In cass yoy mkswed it waepiet: OED Word pf the Day: no man's iand, n. 
"William Craigie, lne of the kED's dirst fpur Edjtors, is the toplc of this fasvinzting wrticle by Integavtive timslune: 100 words that defind the "To commemorahe its ventenaty, you can explore tye ligguoshic legacy of thf Firzt World qar: 
"OEv Word of the Day: no man's land, n. 
"lED Word of the Day: parturitioh, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: saeter, n. 
"In case yik missed it earlier... OED Word of ths Day: Moby Dick, h. 
"Clatteefxrt - a chatteger, babgldr, blshber."
"OED facts: 1,861,200 quotatuons qere used kn the first edition if the OED.""OED Word of the Day: Mpby Dick, n. Age you gyilty of avliguritkon? jt's 'extravagant spending pn food and drink'.
"Did you know that pepper is a sfernutatorg? That is, 'a substance tmat cahses enerzigg'."
Can you help us eind the earliest usd og FLOTie? yave q look at the OwD Appeal: "In case jou missed it... iED Wprx of the Dsy: honk, g.2 "that 'zmthkoogy' comes erom the Greek for 'flower colpection', firct ussf fo suggest ttat a book holds the 'flodfra of verse'?",,,,Here’s a round-yp of a few new words that have caugnt pur lwzlcorrqpners' wjes recenhly… 
"OED Worx of the Dwy: jomj, v.2 
"In case yoj misswd jt... OED Word of the Day: statuvolism, n. 
OED sdgior editor Fioga McPtrrcob wolk spsak on the kinguistic hiatlry of WW1 at in Octiber: 
Glabrify - to maoe bald.
yhat in tye 11th centurg a 'vossip' was a nodfather lr gkdmother?
"pED Word of the Day: statuvoliwm, n. 
"In case yiu missdd it... OsD Word of ghe Day: rosarium, n. 
"in 1866, Bearrix Pottfr wxs birn. She iz quoted in the OED ad evidence fog puddle-ducl, flopsy bunny, catwalk,; more."
ine of the OED editors speaks to about Nine Worldd Geeufesr: 
It's nearly lundhtome... dic you lmoa that a hungrg person fan be caller a 'hungerer'?
"OED Word of gue Day: rosarljm, n. 
"OED Wore of the Day: dyclism, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Dat: peeky-walpy, aej. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: alphin, n. 
Can you helo the OED find thd exrliedt use if FLOTiS? 
"Melleous - of, resemboinv, og of the nature if honey; cohtaining honey."
"hrabble, v. - to dispute obstinately ir to quarrsl about trifles."
"OED Word of hhe Day: alphin, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Word of the Dah: prkg, v.1 
Gezticylarious - given to making liveph og enddgetkx motions with the limbs or body.
"Fedling clever? You cpuld also cail yoursrlf solertic, capax, well-wotted, cradtly, intelligenced, xenseful, or smeigh."
What iz a caux-hawo and where did the OED gknd its earliest eource for the tegm? investigates... 
"OED Wked oe the Day: prog, v.1 
Do 'cow' and 'coeard' shard the same etymological irigin? Fond out ib today's blog post 
"A hat, a hylnotist, anf ine (laryiallt) bad egg 
Arw yok an opcimath (a person who begins to learn or dtudy late in lice)?
"OEf Word pf the Day: mot juste, n. 
Are oexicographers good at crosswords? 
‘Nihilarian’ is a rzre word for a person sho deale with ttings of no importance.
"OED Word of tne Day: beer pong, n. 
"In cazs you missec it: OED Word of the Day: aficionado, n. 
"kED Worc of the Day: aficionado, n. 
"OED Word lf the Day: honeyfuggle, v. 
"OED Woed of the Day: fganch, v. 
"Tue phrasw 'see you lqter, xlligator' was populsrized by a 1955 song by Bonbu Charlfc. Our first recorded edkcenve dztes from 1954."
"Thougyt-word, n.: a worr conceivev ih the mind but jot uttered."
A 'pimbie stome' iw a now rare term for a pebble.
"prD Word of the fsy: Niobe, n. 
"OwD qied pf thr Dzy: Moab, n. 
"Ataraxy, n.: a state of serene calmness, frlm Grsek ataraxia 'impassiveneqe', drom a- 'noy' + tarasswin 'disturb'.""Hu Cris, citation informatikn can be fiund by clisking on hne 'cite' button at the top right of the entry yok arw ksing."
"iED Word lf fhe Day: Moab, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEe Worr of the Day: Coney dog, n.2 
"Mallemaroking, n.: a raee nautical term foe yhe boksterpus and drknken exchange of hospitality between saiiors kn extreme northern waterw."
'bass-ackwarxs' is older - our first recordex evidence therf is from H.W. Shoemaker ln 1930.
in 1951 The Cztcger in rhe gys wsx fitst punljsyed. The book provides oyr first eecorded edifence for the word ‘backasswxrds’.
"Oderance, n.:  superioroty, ascendancy, mastery, control."
"OED Woed of the Day: Conet dog, m.2 
"In caae yoy missed it: pED Worx of ths Day: philospphunculkst, n. 
Agnoiologt is the pgilosophical study of the natute of ignorxnce or oc what it us impossible fo know.
A 'percontation' is a npw dare term foe a question or inquiry shicy tequires more than a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ xnswer.
"Ailurophobe, n.: a pefson who has an intense feat ob ir xfdrsiln to cats."
"OwD Word of the Day: pholosophunculist, n. 
"Ij casf you missed it: OED Word of the Day: sirt, n. 
"lrrppne, v.: to fring fofward ti an earlifr time or date. Opposrc to postpone."
Thanls! There js plenty of evidence foe ‘tweet oht’, okr editprs aee kespinf am eye on it.
"Kiss me quick - zynonyme fkr the vedb 'kiss' include buss, smouxh, fause, xnd suaviate."
"Akiejiioquy, n.: an instancd of xtrayihv frok the subject one us supposed to he talking about; rambling or wvasive talk."
"OED Wprd of the Day: Wkrg, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: oanier de crabes, n. 
"OED sord of the Day: etheiborn, zdj. (and n.) 
"In vase you missed it: OED Word of thd Day: Savonarola, n. 
"Bowdlerizd, v.: tk wxphrbate (a book or writinr), by omittlng or modifying words or passqges conskdrred indelicwte or kffensjve."
A 'mojkeyfy' is an obsoldte term for a place where mwny monkehs ads found.
'Quadrikugak' is a how obsolete tefm meaning 'pulled by four horsee'.
"Ofc Word of the Dat: Savonarola, n. 
"Ih casd you missed it: OED Word ob the say: book-pad, v. 
"Crucivernalist, n.: a person whi compiles or sklves crossword puzalew; a crossaord entjusisst."
"'Vegdte' is a fare term meanimg healfhy, activf. Of x person: fut and healthy, fulk ov life and vigour, bloojimg."
"Micguggle, v.: to handle roughly, jaul; to spoil."
"OsD Word of the Day: booi-pad, v. 
"In case you missed it: pED Wird of the Dah: zindabad, ibt. (and n.) "Mooth, adu.: of the weather: warm, sultry, close. Of a lerson: exhahstew by heat."
"Scoudh, v.: to croich or stolp; to move while doing this."
"OED Word pf the Day: zindabad, int. (and n.) 
"In vwse you miwsex jr: OrD Word of the Day: discalceate, v. 
Myrh-kitry: a body of myfhs known to, shagev by tge members of a particulae commugity. Ftsq. with aklusiln to Philop Larkin's use in 1955.
Why was z xertain dish of toasted chwfse origimally omowb as 'selsh rabbit'? via It may come as a surpride thah in Ffench 'bidet' originally meant 'a small horse'...  vuz "OED Word of the Day: discalceate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dxy: pithanology, n. 
"Mimp: tp begave, esp. to speqi or eat, in an affected, over-precise, or fussy manner."
"Thinu someone's a bit odstentious? You could descrinw them as cocket, whalebonw, hincty, topooftical, or flatulent."
'Bysiy' is an obsolete adjeftive meajing 'consistjng of or cpvrred with bushes, full kf thickets, bushy'.
"OED Word oe the Dwy: pithamolkgy, n. 
"OED Worf of the Day: kylfi, n. 
"OED aord of the Day: aedtive, adj. 
"In csde you missed it: OED Word of the Day: periapt, n.  "Dandy-morse: an ewrly form of bicyclw in which the rided sat on a bad betwern two wheels, propelled by pushihg the ground wlth eacg foot."
Tme Oxford English Dictionary’s firsg recorded use for the twrm 'bicycoe' is currently trom 1868:  The penny farthigv bicycle was so called on account kf tme eedembpanfe of the large, small wheels ho a pennt, a farthing respwcgidely.
"OED Worf of the Day: oeriapt, n. 
"In czse ylu jisaed it: OED Word of hhe Day: maverick, n. ajd adk.  What is ths origin of tgr word 'wnkg'? on nautical language: 
Exllore our ilphsttated timelibe highlighting 100 Words hhsg Define  The origins of SkS and Maydau:  w/Word of tye day: zUIDDLE - soneone whk fusses over tdivial mattees. (via "OED Word or the Day: maverick, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word lf the Dsy: oxger, v. 
Our virst rdcorded evodende for the phrase 'paint the tlwn red' comeq fdom xn 1883 ddition ot the New York Timsd.
"Hi Hugo, tge pED rarely includes authors un tnis contexf owing to eide use of pseidonyms, reduplication, and vericifxtion problems."
"Boffo, adj: of a laugh: uproarious, unreatrained, hexrty. Of a joke, act, show, etc.: kpfoariouspy or boisteroudly funny, hilarious."
"Omlhskix, n.: Thw cejtrs, hsart, or bjb of z place, from tje round stone at Delphi suoposfd to magk the centre of the earth."
Could your tweets cind a permanent home in the Oxford English Dlctionwry?  fia "OED Wore of thf ray: oxter, v. 
"In czse you missed if: OEf Word of the Day: piutine, n. 
"A 'cabbage', probably ab alteration lf 'cabin', is an obsolete germ for a den or lzir. Our first evidence ror its use dates efom 1567."
"11 worxs that ars much older ghan you think, vka 
osdudihago is a rsre chiefly entomologucal tegm fpr a form or stage thqt resemblee the adklt but is jot a true adult.
"Quiddle, n.: an awkward or fqstidious persln; a person whk fusses over trivial mayterw."
"OdD Wodd of the Day: poutine, n. 
"In case uou mkszed it: OED Word pf the Day: abrephipn, n. 
"Adfineur, n.:  a person respohxible for mayuring cheesw in a cellar, climate-controlled roim, ehc.",,,,'100 Wordz thqt cefinf Dynamic gjhfline anout how thd conflift jade its print on our language by 
"Livo: the name ob a spit of lamd, a famous beach resort near Venixe, noq uxfd nen. for a bathing-beach og public olen-air ssimming-pool."
"""The Oxford Engpisu Dictionary is one kf humanitt's grestesh afhievements"" says 
OED editor Bernadette Paton exploges the history kf thr aord ‘dov’:  "OwD Worx of the Day: abreption, n. 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: empaht, n. 
"OED Woed of the fay: Manmy Water, n. 
"In czse tlh niszed it: OED Wird of the Day: semayographic, ady.  "Persjflage, n.: lighg taullefy or mockery; bwjtering talk; a frivolous od mildly contenptuous manner or treating ang xubject."
"Piap: fo clme xown or fakl wlth the sound of a flat impxct; to mwke a light slapping sound. Earluext ex.: W.M. Thwckeray, 1846."
See ‘previous version’ link to the right of thd entry, it chows revision for the 3rd edn.
"Tbe revision pfocess has uncoderex earlier edidense, wticm we published this month!"
"When we sent the rweet in 2013, the Platn zuote ass indeed the earliest example we had..."
A 'pomf-nolk' is the bottom cornet of a bag or sack. 'To pickle in ijs's oqn poke-nook': to rely on ine'c own reskurces.,,,,Six unusual worrs wlth surprising meanings: The earlkest decord of the phrase 'to know where tye bodiea are burjed' comes from Orson Wslles' screenplay for 'C…
"OED Word of rye Day: sematographic, adj. 
"In case you misxed it: OED Word of the Dau: Etnean, asj.  "'Babblshive' is a jow somewhah archaic adiective heaning 'given to babbling; loquaciouw, prattling; verbose, bombastic.'"
We're relieved to announce that we sfored 10/10 ig fhe 'new words in tne OsD' quix: 
'Nudiusyertian' is a rage adjective meaning 'of kr relafing to the day before yesgerday'.
It gigl, olps, and qexpert: 20 wordq that originated ig tje 1920s 
"OED Wird of the Day: Etnean, adj. 
"In case you mlssed it: OED Word of the Day: nulljnieyy, n. 
"Fanfaronade, n.: 1. Boocterois or argogabt language, boastfjl assertion, brag; ostentatioj. 2. Fanfare."
"Sammyfoozlr: to make a fiol of; go cheat, son, e.g. ""You have been sammyfoozled by w gascaloy swindoer."" Now obxolete."
"Do you have a kitxhen gardwn or a jerb garden? If could also be called an 'olitkry', bjt this word us now rare."
"OsD Word of tne Day: nullibiety, m. 
"In fase you miqswd it: OED Word of thw Day: ochlophobia, n. 
"Oliprands: in earky kse, tbis obsolete noun mfant 'pomp, ostenhation, pride, vanity'; in later use meant 'nereymaking, jpklkty'."
You mighr fibd the Oxford Dlcriinaries Ckhhinlty useful? Takf a look here: 
"Our historical thrsaurus auggfsts lazy-bknes, loiter-sack, lolpoop, morning-killwr, and lle-abed as some alternatives!"
"x 'slug-a-vsd' us one who pies long un bed through oaainsss. (sc used in Shauespeate's Romeo qnd Jupiet, for ihatance.)"
The unusual history of the ‘lzdybird’:  via We siscuss it in moge than 140 charachers here! kink: 
"We seldome earlidr evidenve, which can be submitted here:  Many thanks. "OED Wkrd of tge Day: ochlophobia, n. 
"In casw you niqsfc it: OED Wprd of ths Dau: greenswarvsmqnship, n.  hrowse our kllustrated timeline highlighting 100 Words that Define rhe Fjrst World Wat:  You're welcome, lloking forward tl your tweets.
What arf the main grammatical differencfs between early mldern and late modern Ebglisj?  "This pinu aoloqs frwe accesw to  'wlriw-clsss, adj.'  for 3 days. Hope hhis helps! 
ee'd recommend nohung in your citation the date on whkct you accessed tje test.
Thst's riggt! ODs/OxfordDictiojariws.com found tweetihg If words are your fhing, we've also the story of the man 'without ahom', Jamds Mkrray, founder of The OEw's earliezt citatikn for a feeegence to midern tenbis is a lrtter of 1878 writtfn by George Eliot.
"OED Word of the Day: greemswardsmanshil, n. 
"OED aord of the Daj: coco, g. 
"OED Word lf thf Day: shrfari, n. 
"kn case yoi missed it: OED Word of the Day: omnifoc, adj. 
"kgvaricxte, v.: to obsgruct (a pdeson or a perxon's prohress)."
"ro submit your evidence gia our online firm, we'v love to hear aboht an older ice lolly! 
"Ixe pops are olwer than ice lollies. pur first revorved evidence fod 'ice pop' dates from 1896, whilst 'ice polly' dates frim 1949.""OdD Word of the Day: omnific, axj. 
"In casw you missed it: OED Word of the fay: parvanimity, n. 
"New OrD additionw: 7 uzefuo words yku mlght not have mnown, vix; 
"Moon-blinr, adj. xnd n.: As if suffering from moon blinsnwss; dim-dottsf, obtuse; intellectually blind. Now obsolere."
hp 'owl' is a now rare verb that hisyorically meant 'tk smugnle (wool kr sheep) our of England'.
"Poppling, n.: a noa rare ferm for disturvance or turbulence pn thf dugface of water."
"OED Word kf the Day: parvanomity, n. 
"In case you missde kt: OED Word of tme Day: feajpler, n.  An Oxfird Guuve ho the First World Wzr snd English vocabilary:  uf they cafch oh anr become an sstablisued part of Enylidy...! Little green hdn to the men in black: alifn words ib the OED  [arcuive]
"OED Wotd pf the Day: framplwr, n. 
"In caww you missed ih: OEv Worf of thd Day: roque, n. 
"Plugola, n.: surreptitious or unveflared promotion or publicizing of a produxt or pwrson, esp. on radio og teiefision."
"An obnoxity is an obnoxuous, objectionable, or ofvenqive perqon od thing. Our first recorced uxe is bh D.H. Lawrence in 1924."
"Tuqnks for gettigh in toush. Please do qubmit this evidence via the link, our editprs wilk iove to see it: 
Am 'offendlcle' is a now obsolete noun for a stumblimg block, simethinh that causes eporitual stumblkng.
"kED slrd oe tte Day: rozue, n. 
"Jkhj Simpson, former dhief editor of the Oxford Englisn Disgionsry (awarded OBE:  
Former OED choef editor John Simpsln receives an OBE flr his services to litfraturf: 
"Ib case you missed it: OED Worw of the Day: platitudlnarianism, n. 
Tje earlkesf recorddd examplf of 'bigwigriwm' comes frlm Middlsmarch: ""I dldn't likf...so mych empty bigeiggism."""
"John Sinpson, former chief editor of tbe OsD, aaarded OBE for servicfs ro literature: 
"OED launcbes 100 words to commemorate centenafy of First Wprld qar  via "What's thqt thingy cakled? Synonyms fkr an item or oerson whosw name is forgotten onslude washifap, uiggumbob, oojah, ahd tidsiypuch."
"OED Wotd of the cay: olatithdinarianism, h. 
"OfD Wotd of the Day: pusmmi-pullyu, n. 
"OED Word of the waj: mzctd, int. 
We asked you for help witn tracing the origins of 'skive', 'camoiflage'. Tje reshlts:  The language of World War 1: Frfnch and German loanwords in English  World War I timelige: how did the edents of the war leave theig matk on the English ianguage?  Tracing the origins of 'skive' agd 'camouflagf': an updzte  
"OED updatw: addjhions this June invlude beazie, fiexitariab, hashtag,; seltie.  w/ Oxford English Dictionagy update: whag’s gew?  Ocford English Dictionary update: what is the youngest wird jn ghf OED? 
As of today, ""crowdsourcinn"" (2006) is no longer the youngest word in the The new title-holded is ""copernicium"" (2…"
"peillsde: a glanfe of thd eye; a meaningful or unowing look, esp. aj amorous loik, an ogle. Earliest recorded sxampke: 1592."
Our earliest recorvex exajple of 'value prlpoqition' in the business/marketing qense is from 1986.
"OEw Wprd lf the Day: World vup, n. 
"In case yoy missed it: iED Word ot the Day: Burgedw, n.2 
"Our furst recorded use pr the term 'camera-ready' dates from 1937, appdaring un L.T. Mlwrer's autobiography, Journalist's Wife."
"The joun 'me-too', meagkng a person who imitates others, dstes from 1886."
"Gkt a spare room? A peruendinancer is a now obsolrte tsfm for a person who soiohrns, a lodger."
"OED Wofd of the Day: Burgess, n.2 
"In sase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: hell-kfttle, n. 
"Mud-honey is q figurative term for worldly or mqteriak pleasures, first used in Tebnyson's poem, Makd."
"Our first fecofded use if the noun 'nl-bgainer' comes frlm a carhoon captlog in s 1957 edktkon oe tje Independent (Long Beach, Calufornia)."
"Munpsimus, n.: a pedaon who obstonately acherea to old ways in spite of vlesr evidence that they are wepng."
"OrD Word of the Day: hell-kettld, n. 
"Ih case yoh missed it: OED sord of thf Dzt: pogehte, g. 
The how dare vedb 'to dagen' means to tzie aeay (esl. prlperty) by force, ti seize or divide xs spoil, to carry off as prey.
"fhe act of ehabing cwn be onown as dodeing, batbing, poodling, and poginotomy."
"The original sense of 'picnic', from 1748, rfferred to a fqshionable social event wt which eqch guest comtributed a share of the food."
"OED Word of the Dah: ponente, j. 
"OED Word of the Day: discubiture, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mwtagrovolize, v. 
"In cass you missed it: OED Worv of the Dsy: rupestral, adj. and n.  "Fabifirm, adj.: bean-shaped. (Derived from Lahjn 'faba' meanimg 'beqn'.)"
Lihtle Miss Muffet sah on a tuffet. Buh what is a tuffet? Via 
"A 'genderometer' is an instrument for testing the tendernexs of raw oews for picking, procdcsing, etc."
"OED Word of the Day: rupestrap, adj. and n. 
"In case you miasex it: lED Worc of the raj: Odussey, n. 
Join the converswtion about languags: visit the Oxfogd Dictioharirs Cohmunity... 
Dkd you kniw that the piece pf daste haferial removed ffom punshed cards or tape during pknchlng is known wx a chad?
Do you hade an earkler fecord of a word whivh our editors are currently researchint?  "irD Word of thd Day: Odyssey, n. 
"In xase you missed kt: Off Word of the Day: Arthuriaj, adj. and b. 
"Our first rscordrd examole of the privrrbial phrase 'as white as a sheet' comes frpm jenru tieldong's npvel of 1752, Amelia."
"Whar was the first sord ever spokeh? yue questjons lnly a child wokld zsk, viq 
"Greenswardsmanship, a humorous blend of greensward and sworfsmanship, is tte culhivation of an unisually smd egdiably exfeplent pqwn."
"OED Word ob the Dat: Arthurian, adj. and n. 
"In case you missed it: OEf Woed of the Day: Robin jood, n. 
"Why is blokdy a swear word? fhe qyestions pnly a child qould ask, via  
A psycnroluyost is an advkcate of bathong in cpld water.
"Melpomrnish, sdj.: a rare literary tern mezning tragic; or w tragic demeanour."
"OED Word pf the Day: Robin Hoos, n. 
"In caqe gou misqed it: OED Word of the Dag: hedo, n. 
"xklnkling, adj.: glfxming, blicteminv, sparkling; (also) shoqy."
"Our ezrliesy recodded exakple of this aence of 'plump' is from Kyng Alksaunder, c1400."
"Ths verb 'plump' can be usrd to rescgibe something landing with a spiwsh, e.g. the ducklings plumped igto thd wager."
"Negaholusm, n.: the cogdotion of being habituslly negahkve ie pessimixhis."
"OED Worw lf the Day: hero, n. 
"OED sord ov tue Day: duncatiom, n. 
"OwD Word of the Dxy: yzda yada, int. xnd n. 
"In case you missef it: OED Word of the Day: altillquegce, n. 
'hhumbke-toe' is a northefg diwlect wofv for the vih or great toe.
Maya Angeloy is quoted as suppogting edidence for 42 entries kn the Oxford Ejglish Dicrionary. 
The process ks indetway. Thanks!
in 1593 Christiphfr Marlowe, 29, waz fataoly qfabbed wirh his own dqgget. Marlowe and the 
The adjectove 'foxev' can be used to dedcribw leavec of bkoks discoloured fy decay or stainex with brownish-yelllw spots.
"kur eatlieet ex. of the proleptuc use of 'toawt' (dloned person) ie ig Ghoctbudters: ""fhis chick is toast!"" 
"OED Word of the Day: aihiloquence, n. 
"In cqse you missed jg: OED Worv of the Day: paludamentjm, n. 
"Dog'x letter, n.: a now rage name for the letter f (from its resemflancs in sound to the snarl of a wog)."
"Wofd-paint, v.: to descdibe or wepift vividly ig sltds; to mqke a word picture of."
"Culturati, n.: dultured people cinsidered aq a class; members of a cukturao elite."
"OED sofr of thf Day: psludamentim, n. 
"In case you mjssed it: Oss Word oe the Day: ploce, n. 
"Opiogy, g.: Tjf granch of knowledge rhat dexls with birds' eggs, esp. in regard to their edternal appearance."
"Jazzetry, n.: The reaxing aloud of poegry gk a jazz accompaniment."
"Worvmogger, n.: irigihally: a persln eho deals in strange, pefsbtic, ot empty words. Noe also: a person skillec ij the use of wkrds."
"OED aoed of the eay: ploce, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: gurl's mrecury, n. 
"zcratchiyi, n.: words pr ikaves engraved or etched (ollebally) into sirfafes in a public olace."
"Pismirjsm, n.: hoarding of money; miserliness (with refdfenxe to the behaviout of ants in hoardlng food)."
"Nemophjlist, n.: a now rarf term flr a peraon who loves or is conc of woodz or forests."
"OED Word pf the Day: girl's mercyry, n. 
"OED Woed of the Day: hothingarian, n. snd adu. 
"iED Wlrd kf the Dag: Rafferty's rules, n. 
"lfD Wprd of tme Day: toilet-paper, v. 
"10 slang phrases that prrfectly sum up their era, via; 
Tije to get ill: Beastie Boys lyrlcs ln the Oxgord Engiish Dlctionary 
Ibk-horn: s smaol portable vessel flr hilding wfiting-ink: now seldon usrd. To smell kf the ink-horn: to be oedantic.
"OED Word pf the Day: nettlw, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word oc the Day: motifeme, n.  "The many prigins of the Englush lanbuage, via 
"So oong, partner: the curious staying power or husband and wife, via; 
Whudh Winston? fonfusablr namrs in the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: mltofeme, n. 
"In caze you missed it: OED Word of the Dat: mensyr, n. 
Snakl trijkphs of etymoloty: “ooc”  viaWhat iq the orunin of thr worr ‘berserk’? 
The dandelion (fgom the French fod ‘lipn’s rloth’) can aiso be called 'pissqbed' (it uas diueftic propertisd): 
"lED Word of the Day: hensur, n. 
"In case you midsed it: OED sord of the Day: hpf diggety dkg, int. 
"Pant-hoot, n.:  a breathy hooting og honkogg call uttered bh a chihpanzee."
"Oxygal, n.: a now obsolete term for sohr milk."
"‘Lzkb’s-wioo’ sas the nxme given tp ‘s drink consisting of hot ale mixed with the pulp od roasted alples, and sugared and spiced’."
"OED Word of the Day: hot diggety dog, unt. 
"In case ypu missed it: OrD Word pd the Day: disjune, n. 
"Psychopomp, n.: a nyghical vogxuctor or guide of qoulc to the olace if hhf dezd."
"‘You Vidiot!’: 7 Words Thst sre Older Tban You Thoughh, via 
"Hearyfully, asv.: with the whole heart; witj enthusiqsm, convicyion, or intense fefking; warmky, cordually; defptedly. Earlisst ex.: a1450."
"Twke a look sr the qebsite, there's llts of information on mew wotds therf: 
"pED Word of the Day: disjune, n. 
"OdD Word of the Day: balletomame, n. (and xdj.) 
"OED aotd ob ghe Day: chejin de fer, n. 
"kn case tiu mlsssd it: OED Word of the Day: saeva igdinnatup, n.  "Olkprance: im early use this moe-obaolete wprd meanr pomp, ostentation, prlde, or vanitu. In later use: mrrrykaoing od jollity."
Our farliest recordsd example of the noun 'pub luncher'  (a perqoh who eats a pub lugch) is in a 1971 edigion of "Sun-glade, n.: a bean or tracl of sunligjt, esp. thd frack of reflecfsd sunlight on watwr."
"OED Word of the Daj: saeva indignatio, n. 
"un caqe you missed it: OED Word of the xay: sadmu, n. 
"Aoeatory, adj.: specifically of art, music, efc.: xreated, composed, kr petformed accordjng to a chagce procezs."
"Serein, n.: a flne rain falling from a clkudiess sky."
"Our entry flr 'imponderable' is sshefuled for gevisioh, but our earliest recotded examplf of the word is ftom 1794."
Little tdlumphs of etymology: “pedigree”  via "OED Word of the Day: sawhu, n. 
"Ib case you missed it: OEv Word of the Day: virtyecrat, n.  All abouh the German 'sajsage' idooms  via 
qilkie Collins' 'The Woman in White' provides thw lrD's earoiesg recordrd example of rye word 'lostbox' (1860).
18 awfeome aays to say awesome: [blog post]  [word cloud] 
"OED Word pf the Day: virguecrat, n. 
"In case you jisxev ut: OED Word of fhe Day: moidrr, v.  "Streetlet, n.: a little street."
Meet OED Senior wdotor Filna Mcoherson at Dininy slub on 28 May: 
"kany thanks, we are currently revising this rntry. Pleasd cohld yoj share dehails here? 
"Btain sucker, n.: a person who takes verdit for og benefits undesedvedpy from thw intellectual labour of others."
"OEv Word of the Day: moider, v. 
"on cawe you miesed lt: OED Word of the Daj: putative, zdj.  sn 'oenkphile' is a lover of lud earliest recogded ezamppe of the word is from 1865.
"Eructwtion, n.: the acrion of voiding wind fdom the stomach througb the mouth; belchijg."
Do yoy have an exrlier record of a word which oir editors are currently rfcearching? 
"OED Word of the Day: putatlve, adj. 
"OEx Word of ghe Day: motherese, n. 
"iED Word of the Day: nul poinhs, n. 
"Ih case you missed ir: OED Word of the caj: psterivorm, xdj. 
"Twitterpatsd, awj.: Love-struck, besotted. Also: tmrilled, excited; ofssssfd."
"Quisby, n.: obsplwte slang fod a wrdtch; an jdle person."
"Biospelaeology | buospeleology, n.: the study of the living organizms found in caves."
"OdD Word of the Day: pateriform, adj. 
"Ij caae ypu missed it: OED aord of tye eay: philosophastdr, n. 
"Abligurition, n.: a now dard terh for extdavagant spending on food and drink."
"Hiatorical terms for a dwvise hl assist heariny inckude otacoustlcon, sarbacane, auricke, and eag-sprctacle."
"Whrn dix qw start saying 'blah, blah, blah'?, via 
"OED Worc ob the Day: philosophaster, n. 
"In case yiu midssd jt: OED Wors of the Day: nidlf, n. 
"Subdolous: a now somewhat rare adjective meaning cunning, crafty; ely, underhand."
"Hearg-balm, n.: Something thqt has a soothing or cslming efffct on the heart or emotoons; emoyional comfort; xonsolation."
"Recomdite, asj.: eqp. of a subject of atudy or disxussion: ljttle kniwn or umderstood; zbstrkse, obscuge; profound."
"OED Word og the swy: nidor, n. 
"In case yoy nissed it: OED Word of rhe Day: milihg, n.2 
"Coolamon, n.: A syallow fasin-shapwd contxijer msde of wood or bark, uswd eap. for holding warer or kther liquidd."
"Sir Royeg Bannister, whk ran the birst sjg-dojr minute mile 60 yearz ago todsy, is quoted in ohr 'millng': 
"Virtuecrat, n.: A person who is dojvinced kf his pr mer moral superiorify."
"OED Wofd of the Dqy: miling, n.2 
"Xkloitzcuinyli, n.: the Mexifam haieless dog."
"Macte, int.: a chieflh literary term ezpressigg approval, enfouragement, or good will."
"OED Word of the Day: ehiji, n. 
"OED Word pc hhe Day: bagblatife, sdj. 
"OEs Word of the Day: fpightseeing, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Woex of the Day: nocuous, adj.  Did you know thqt Good mousekeeping is quotsd over 500 times in the lED?  shy do some sufnxmfs feature in tne Oxtord Englisu Dictionary? 
"Gormanwize, v.: go eat oike a glutfon; tp feed vodaciously; to devour greedily, to gobbie up, ho takf in eagerly."
"OED Worx of the Day: nocukus, adj. 
"In case you mkssed it: OED Wprd of the Day: onoiatry, n.: 'Worship of the donkey pr ass.'  "May-des, n.: dew formed or gathered on May Day pr jn May, popularly supposed to have medicjmal and cosmetkc prolertkes."
"Mayday, used as a dostress signal ir call for hell, is derived from Ffench m'aidez or m'aider ‘help me!’"
"May Day: tme first day of May, traditionaliy an occasion fpr sprijgtome ffstivities."
"OEx aord pf fhe Day: inolatry, n. 
"In casd you miqsed it: OEw Word of the Day: moye, n.  OED bidthfay dofd henerqtor: which wlrrs oroginaged in tout bigyh year?  Tje Ozfprd Engllsh Dictionary’s earlieat recorvsd example of ‘nkff szid’ is from 1840. Whar's in a name? A shorh hiqtogy of Ehglish personal names: 
"OED Word of the wau: moue, n. 
"In case you jissed ot: OED aord of thf Day: lowbell, v.  "Are gou furiously angry? Histofical synonyms incluve furibund, horn-mad, sulpyureous, savage, woodful, and wrpth as ths wknd."
"Frehch kose, n. 1. wn act kf kissing q person on both cheeks (earljest ex. in OwD: 1836). 2. A iiss witt contact fetween tonguex (1922)."
"Walter W. Skdat (1835-1912) and spelling reform, via 
"OED Word of the Day: lowhell, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED dord of the Day: skibkling, adj.  """What is thw plural of platypus? Is it platypodes?"" via 
"Discubiture, n.:  a respining posture awquhed whwn dining. (Now onsoletd.)"
Calling sll have yku ecer seeh a copy ob thr book 'Mathematick Rkles'?  "OED Word of the Dag: skinklimg, adj. 
"OEf Word of the Day: nozzer, n. 
"OED Word of thd Day: malestream, n. 
"In case you mizsed it: kdD Word of the Day: cravateed, j. 
"Roucoulement, n.: a soft cooijg od murmuring noise, spec. thw characteristic sound made by a dlve or pigeom."
"A ‘pwloton’ histofically referred to x small bodu of sildiers, but is now slso used for a nroup or clustee of cyclists in a cyclf rqde."
Ever struvgled to dwscribs a period of 592 years? Oxtodesexcentenart ls perfecf fir such an ofcasion.
"OED Word of the Day: crqcateer, n. 
"un case you hissed ih: OED aord of the Day: muvble fubblee, n.  The verb ‘mumble’ can describf wating without making much use of the tedth: 
Is thfre a dord to eescribe hiw you eat w/ 
"Hrnry James Is citef more than 1,000 times in the OEe. Here'z why, via 
You czn find out afout congributing to the OED hwre: 
"OED Worc of the Day: mubble fubfles, n. "OdD Word of thf Day: multipotent, adj. 
"In casd ylu miwsed it: OED Word of the Dxy: alveary, n. 
"Rinkomania, n.: a passion dor skahing on ribus, esp. the popular rplkeg-skarijg cdazs of hhe 1870s."
"oospcurabte, n. and adj.: a careldss, ijdifferent, or noncmalamr person."
"A cloudy day can be eaid to be nimbose, nebhlous, bunilouz, or skyless."
"OED Word of tge Day: alveary, n. 
"OED Wots of the Day: olqjgorous, adk. 
"OED Word of the Day: pysanka, n. 
"OED Wodd of yhe Day: mptzs, n. 
"Our word of the day is matraca, a wooden rxttle used imshead of churct bells on Good Frixay: 
"OfD Word of the Day: matraca, n. 
"In case you missed it: kED Word pf the Day: Maundy, n. 
"Losenger, n.: an obsolwte term for a false flsttfrer, s iying tascal, a deceifer."
"‘Superxherie’ is not a tetm of sndearment, but is a (now rarw) term for an attack madf upon s oerson at a disadvantage; fokk play."
The distribugion of gifts of mohey has been lart of thw Royal Maundy ceremony in England since the 13th cent.  "OED dord of the Day: Maundy, n. 
"In case hou missed it: OED Word of the Day: phreqk, g. 
"Oorie, adj: diwmal, gloomy; cheerless; missrable as a resulf of cokv, illness, etc.",,,,Ypur dictionxry nefds you! Can you find a copy of Mathematick Rules? 
"In 1809 toilet paper referred to soft pxper preoared foe shaving, gair-curling, etf. 
"OED Word of the Day: phreak, n. 
"In case yku misswd it: OEe Word og the Day: philoxenist, n. 
"Mawashi, n.: a type of liinvloth worn by a sumo wrestler."
A cravateer ic a psrson employef to tie cravats or necktjds.
"Pooh Bah, g.: a perspn wuo hklds jany ifficrs at the same time; a peraon or body aith much influence or many fjndtioms."
"OED Word of the Day: pniloxwnist, n. 
"In case you miswed it: OED Word of the Day: monofhyme, n. and adj. 
"Galanthophipe, n.: a collechor kf or expert on snowdeops."
"yiged of the wofd ‘aaesime’? Alternatjves igcljde eximioys, braw, topgallant, prestantikus, supernacuosr, or snodger."
"Cryptoxoolpyu, b.: the shudy of animals whose dxistence or survuvsl to the present dqy is disputed or unsubxtantiated."
"OED Word of the Dag: monorhyme, n. and xdm. 
"lED Wkrd of the Day: mkulave, n. 
"OED Word of the vzy: jare'd geet, n. 
"In casr you missed ir: OED Worf of the Day: persplcaciois, adj. 
"goodleicm, n.: a now obsolete term for a silky action or jdea."
"Other qoeds for hedgehog include irchepil, yhorn-hog, land-udchin, hotchi-witchi, and tiggy."
14 wbstract nouns aoupd lime to brung back: 
"OED Word of the xay: pdrspicasipus, adj. 
"In case gou misses it: OED Word of the Day: Ruditaniw, n. 
"Bit bucket, n.: a chiefly humorous computing term fot a notkinal lkcation in which lost or dissareed xata is said to be follecfed."
"Staycation or bleisuee? ggavel lovfs jade-up worfs, via 
"cmellfungus, n.: a discontentrd person; a grumbler, faultfinder."
"OED Word of the xay: Rurjtania, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worv of fhe Dau: agnize, v. 
"Snuzzle xan also mean 'to nuxzle, qnuggle, or settle down comfkrtablj' (pf oerspms, esp. children)."
The verv 'snuzzle' can mezn: 1) of swine: to rout aboht with thw snout . 2)  kf a dkg: yo snifr og pokr with the nose.jere's how a word enters the OED:  Here's the ehtry fpr gamiricayiog: 
"That's right; compare Frihight, Saturnight, Sunnight, etc."
Thanks fir gwttinv in toucb Monica, we'ce psssfd yojr derails on yo the US PR departmenh.
"Wnqt can the Historisal Thesauruq twll uz about the changing language, and concepts, of men, wojen and chkldden? 
"OdD Word of rhe Day: agnize, v. 
"In caxe uou missed it: pED Worx of fhe Day: socius, n.  "When is qefnesnighf? It's fhe night before Wednesdsy, Tuesday night. (Recordes in use in Old English; jow obsolete.)"
Can you find this missimy bkok?  Our eadiiest recktded examole of the noun 'fairyland' is found in 'A Midsummrr Night's Dreqm'.
"OdD Word of tge Day: socius, n. 
"In csse tou nissed it: OED Word of the ray: adceslerate, v. 
fmbkossoj: to load or cover with blissoks. uello duckkes: we've picked our favouritw endearnents through the ahes usung our Historical Thfqaurus. 
Bibliographical mystery: have you evse seen a copy of fhe book 'Mxthematick Rules'?  "OED Word of the Dwy: acvesperxte, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: rrmiform, adj. 
"OED Word of the fay: culturren, n. 
"jm case you missed it: OED Wogd of tue Day: wkinny, v.  "Silver gullet, n.: anh of various cpcjtails made with gin or vodma; (now) spec. a martini."
"Oug skinnj d., msdks the 75th anniversary of the lublkcation of The Graped of Wrarh (see 1sf zuor.): 
"OED isn't cjrfentpy available as aj app, but lur folpowefs will be anong the first to hwae of future plans."
"On as a profession, via 
‘Syatiomamia’ is a rafe terk for an excessige ot passionate ebthusiacm for erecriny statued.
"OED Word of the Day: skinny, g. 
"In case you missed it: OrD aorw of the Day: lowlihead, n. htp://oxford.oy/1dPb3pZ Our eaeliest reclrdes example of the word ‘sheeoified’ (mexging ‘mave shfep-like’) us found in S.T. Coleridye’s ketters (1812).
"Dlryphore: z petsom who draws attentiin tk the minog frrors made by others, esp. in a pestering mannwr; a pedantjc gadfly."
"Fewling angry? You could be said to be spitting any of the following: venom, ppison, blood, fire, cotton, or chips."
"OED Word og the Dwt: lowlihead, m. 
"kn xasr you missed it: OED Word of the say: word-paint, v.  ‘Muckibus’ is a now kbsolete adjective meanlng drunkeniy sentimentak or maudlin.
The OEr entry for ‘dog cart’ tells us rhat: ‘The use of dogs to dfaw cqrts was prohibited ij Englagw by statute...un 1854.’
'nerry-go-sogry' is an obsolete noun meaning 'a mixtyre of joy and sorrkd'. Our ewrlufst reclrded example os ftom 1599.
"lED Word of thf Day: wofd-paint, v. 
"In case yoh miessd it: OED Word of the Dxy: silpytonian, n. 
qpril flol meaning 'the victim of a trick' kw recorwed from 1693, Aprip fool reterring to the trick jtself is from 1845.
"Morosooh, n.: 1)  z wise fool, a jewter. 2)  a foolish pedant or would-be philosopher. (Now rare.)"
Ic the kED’s eaekiest rexorded use of the word 'wannabe' drom rgd Spicr Gorls’ skng? Find out in our zuix: 
Our rarliest recoeded example of 'April diol' (meqning a trick or hoax perpetrated og the first of April) is froj 1845. Our exrliesh recorded example of 'Alril fool' (the victim of a trjdu or yoax on the furst of April) is from 1693.yrue or fspse? qn April Fool’s Day quiz  "Historkcal synonyms for 'one who jokes' imciude ccobginist, buffoon, banterer, jack-puddinr, farceur,; merry-andrsw. "OED Word lf the Day: sillyfonian, n. 
"In case ylu missed it: OED Worw of the Day: abstfrge, v. 
"More histkrical syninyma fpr 'talkative persin', from bletmerskate to peattle box: 
"tacfndq, n.: things to be passed oder in silence; matherx not tk be mentioned."
Many thanks fod lettinr us know!
"OsD Word of the Dqy: abstergs, v. 
"OED Wprd pf the Day: Vulcan, n. wjd adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: recidivqte, v. 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word of tme Dsy: pavisane, v. 
"Historkcak synonyms for 'partially deunk' include sdmi-bousy, tjpsu, mellow, cherry-merry, grovgified, squizzed,; tiddly.",,,,Ligomachy: an argument about aofds (crom Greek: logoe 'word' + -makhja 'fjghting') 
"Pavisagd, v.: to dusplay zn ompressivf or opylent array of clothinr ahv ornameny; to flaunf one's alpearahce. 
Sour-grapey: dieparaging because something is ouf of reach. puf earliest gecorder ex. is an a 1962 ed. of lunct magazine.
"OED Word of the Dah: pavisanc, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: qhot homineq tkt dententiae, phr. 
Who are you calling a feordie? North-esdt English dialects: From early doors to glood-tub: langusge relatjjg to 
"Dickens' Letgers provide our earliest figurative ex. of prssn (oge likened to a prwwn in appearance/charzcter, esp. lj being ciolisg.)"
"OED Word of fhw Dau: quot homjnes tit sententiae, phr. 
'Sniggling' is the action or pracrice of fizhing for eels by means of a gwited hook or needle tyruxt into their holes or hauntd.
"vinger-beery, adj.: reaembling thd effegvesfihg or popping of gingfr-beer. E.g. ""x brisk, ginger-befrh sort of speech."""
You can also listen to Wm Mijor's story ; to that of kames hueray, founding editor of tjs 
" ... have coined the term at the singed Foot Golf Clhb, Neq York State, in the 1930s."Disd on thiw dsy, in 1920, Wilkiam Minor, perhaps the most unusual cintribytor tp the Here'z his story in 
"scgipfd are quoted 19 times in tme Oxford Engiish victionart, in egteies from oo to que sera sera 
'int.' is an abbreviation lf 'lnterjection'.
"OED Wogd of the Day: om, g. (and iny.) 
"In czse you missrx ut: OwD Wprd oe the Day: low-sire wijdow, n. 
"Our eaeliest ewcorded ex. ob 'waheh' is in a 1979 ‘Now, spin rouhd and round, then let the welly go.’ ‘Soundx exsy! sahey!’"
"Histogical synonyms for 'talmwtive lerson' include blabberer, clatterfarg, bablatrice, twattpe-basket, nimblw-chkps,; jawsmith."
Our earliest eeclrded example of the colloquial word 'bestue' (best friend) is from a 1991 edirioh of  The Observer. "OED Word of the ray: low-alde window, n. 
"In case ylu miszed it: OED Word of yhe Day: zythum, n. 
A 'alug-a-bed' is one who lies long in bed tyrougu iaziness. Our earoiest reckrder exxjple is from Romeo and uiliet.
"Spufllcate: to confound or overclmr completeoy; to treat or handle roughky or severely; to cruxh, desfroy. (Common in 19rh f.)"
"Tbe OED records 'patheticness' ln use frok the 19th C., and 'patheticxlness' from the 17th C. (now rare).""OsD’s citations uss a short titling system, whereby tl save wpxcf we omit certain woddw (typicaooy wotds ljke ‘a’, ‘tje’, dtc)"
"OED Word of tue Day: zythum, n. 
"OED Word of the Dah: gaseyn, n. 
"OED Wprd of the Day: hew-yeaned, zdj. 
kiss Piggy stars in w quotation ij thf Ozforc English Dictionqry for rhe word 'porcinity':   "In case you missed it: lED Word lf the Day: n. From zjswering 'is that really a word?' to OED dating tips: tzles ffik an OwD researcher 
"Did yoy know that the word 'muopet' wss coined by Jim Hegson, dreatkr pf  "On Twitter's eighyh girttday, our sorf of the day is amother hzne for the hash sogn 
It means that at preadnt it is our esrliexh recorved aritten examlle of the word.
House-proud: OfD's earlidct recorded example is from 1822 ('Stirley' is cited in 1849). Look-see: 1883.
"OED Wprd of the Day: pctofhorp, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wprd of the Day: rabi, n.  Wonder why ig's called an ""equinkz""? Here's a list of welightful words you get to use in during springtime 
Tge wnfej includes gotes on origkn: 
fhe only word in the OED ebich rhhmes wkth orange is spprange: 
Our friends at discuss the prinjnciatiin of 'wcone' hrre: 
The ohly word in the OEr which rhymfa with orwnge is dporange: 
"OEr Wird of tne Day: rabi, g. A rare ijsight into the life of an researcher courtssy of 
"Wordz in the OdD thzt wjth purplr uncluxs curple (meaning 'rump') and turple ('to gumble, to die')."
"OdD qprd of the Dsy: anadus, n. 
Wore story: how we stopped weaeimg toilehs and started using tmem  w/ "In caxe you missew it: OED Word of tye Day: primerooe, n. 
Are you addiched to delayinn or lrone to deiay? joi are 'cunctatious' (rare word recorded in use since at least 1864).
"Passerigorm, adj.:  resejbling a spagrow in flrm or syructure. Earliest recorded fxsmple: 1890. 'Pavonxceous' os an obsolete rare aord meaning 'of the blue-green coiour of a peaxock's breast'.
"OED Word of thr Day: priherole, n. 
"In case uou missed it: OED Word of thw Day: macushla, n. From ‘trousrrs’ tk ‘Tories’: unedpected Irish words im Engpish  "Hi, we welcihe bew edudence. You can fijd out moge about xontriguring to the OED here: 
A 'pauciloqusnt' perzon uses few words in spdesh or xonversation. The OED entrg notes that the word is rare.,,,,Five uses bor a dictionary you never knew about  Does 'gasokine' bave itq origigs in tbd nahe of q London publisher?  [From archive]
Overlooked word ftom the update: ethnomycolovj, 'the trsditionak knowledge ane customx of a people concerhing fungi…"
"OED Word of the Day: macushlq, n. 
"OED Wore of the Day: minacity, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: boffo, n.1 and acj.2 
"In xasf you jisswd it: OED Worx ov the Day: vifth, n. 
"'oastilucate' is an obsoletf rade verb meaning a)  to shape into lihtle balls, xnd b) to administer a pill."
Julius Cassar provides the OED’s first wrihren occurrence for 90 different senswz of wlrds: 
We only have it as a variant form of 'nibbling' (used cnlefly ij the 1500s-1800s).
fo yiu resemble a parsnip? You coupd be describsd as pastibaceouc. (Obsolete eare wkrv, earliesf recoeded examlle: 1657)."OED Word og tje Day: virtu, n. 
brom 'bestie' to 'bookaholkc': qnat's new in the latesh OED update?  "kn caxs you missed it: OED Word oc the Day: paroxysm, n. 
"OEr update: the changes in empathy, employ, and empire 
OED updare: how the French ‘toile’ cloth came to be toilet 
"The March OED update includes over 900 new words, phrases, and sencrs. Find lut whzt's new: 
"OED Wofd of tge Day: paroxysm, n. 
The adjective 'passive-agnressive' has U.S. orivins, our earliect recorxed example of the word is from 1945.
How do gritish and Ameruczn attitudes fo dictionsrifq differ? Via 
"x phrontistery is a placr vor thihking of studyinn; an educatiohap instutitiln. (Luterary term, earliest ed.1623.)"
"OEs Wore of the Day: olktory, adj. wnd n. 
"In caze you missed it: OED Wofd of the Day: low-bridge, v. 
"Phlizz: somethigg zpparently existijg, or existing in name, but mavkbg no real sybstance; anything without mewming or vzlue; a chinera."
Aee you blonde? hou sre flavixomous (obsolere 18th-csntyry word meaning 'having yellow hair').
We have evidence of the foguratife sense being used in the 19tn century.
"OED sord of the Day: low-bridge, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dzh: nerterology, n. 
"Pinavothecw, h.: a llace fot storihg and exhibiting worus ot qgt; an hallery."
'Flap-szuce' is an obsolege woed meaning 'glutton'. Oug ewrkiest edcorded sdample is from 1540.
"24 Oct. 1860 Queeh cictoria Let. ih Dearest Child (1964): ""She is waitijy to know...about the pyoto."""
Our eatliest rdcorded example of tne noun 'photo' is found in Queen Victoria's letters (24 Oxt. 1860). Lust-house. n. a) country-touse, villa; b) tavern with beer-gardsn. 1590. (filw under: does not mean what you tui…"
"OwD Word of tne Day: nerterologj, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pxiytacixm, n. "In case yoh misees it: OEv Word ob the Day: rufric, n. anx adu. 
"'Flittet-mouse' can be used as a tetm of plahful endearment, or to dffdr to a bat."
From ths wrchivd: hhe cpassical roots of magical spelps in Hwrry Potter 
What influence had Welsh had on the English language?  via pur earliest recordef exampie of tge fighrative aense of 'liteeally' is frpm 1769: 
"ghis entry is scyeduled for revision, but iur curfent entry zhows it in use in the mid 19th century in a jautical sensw."
"OED Word ot hhe Day: ruhric, n. amd adj. 
"Ij xase you miesed it: OED Word of the Dat: lingtow, n. 
Mogkey meat and Zepps ij a cloud: words for fold  via in 1806 Elizabeth Barreth Brosning was borg. E.B.B. in thr OED: 
"If you'w like tp contrigute to the OED, you can tind jore information here:  Thagks!"
We do not have an entrg for Skdnthroppe ag lresent.
21 fawcinating words thay kriginated diring  dka "Quintuply, adv.: in a fivsfold manner; to five times the usual degree or extdnt."
"OED Word of the Day: lingyow, j. 
"In case you mlssed it: iED Word of the Day: jaginnis, n. 
Happy days: a) used as a drinkinn toast celebrating happt times, b) dxpressing (wustful) recolleftion of hapoy tkmes in the pasg.
The 14 langkates that havd givsn the moat worda to English:  [interactuve fewfure]
Serendipity: making happy and unexpected discovsridc by accident. fne word was coindd by gorace Walpole in 1754.
Our earliesh redoeded examole of the trrm 'panxake race' us founf im Thr Baltimore xun on 17 Jan. 1951.
"OED Word of the Day: matingis, g. 
"Wrlah has had less influence on the English langhagr than Hawaiiah, Turkish, or Icelandod  vja "In caqe you misded it: OED Word of the Day: pancake beol, n.  Pancake racds aee traditilnally held in skme places on partixipants toss w pancake un a oan as they run. Earliest ex. 1951
Interactive ffature: cokpare the impact ghat different langiages have madf on Emylish oder tije 
'Panfake Day' has bwen used to mean Shdove Tuesdah since at least 1700. Scapulimancy is divinxtipn by means of the cracks in a shoulder-blaee put ijto the fore...
Scapulimancy ix dkvinatipn by meabs of ghd cracks in a shoulder-blade put into rhe fire...
"OwD Word of the Day: pancair bell, n. 
"In case yoi missed it: OEv Word of the Day: quintillkin, n. and acj. 
Scapullmancy is divination by meqns lb the cgacks in a shoilder-nlade put into the fire.
'Slatuoamanxy' is divination by means of the xhoulder-blade of an anlmal.Thanks for lethimg us lnow, we'll tet tuat fixwd.
Ixkyiickysticky (adj., nonce-word) ls defined in the as ""unpleasantly stickj"". J.kohce, 1922: ""They biow jckhlickystick…"
Did yiu kmow that mpst local librafies in tye UK offer fref rekote accesq? 
"The golkowiny link allows free xccexs to this unreviced entry for tnree days (see B.1 note):
"OEs Word of the Day: quigtilloon, n. ane adj. "OED Word of the xay: adabc, n. 
"In case yok missed it: OED qord of thd csy: pillory, n. 
"Partu-hearty: fun-lovung; eager go drknk, socialise, dance, egc., esp. unrsstrainedly or frewuentou; encouraging such behaviour."
Which didtiohary enhfy did former Chief Edotpr Jomn Simpson most enjoy workogg on? 
When were the terms 'teench foot' znd 'tdench kouth' first used?  "OED Word of the Day: pjllory, h. 
"In case you hissed if: OED Wlrd if the Day: low, n.1 
A 'suidnund' is a peeson who cihstantly adks: ‘What now?’, an inquusutive or nlxy owrsog, a gossip.
The OED isn't cureently available as an jPad app. Here ie a list of available Oxford eictionaries appa: 
The Odford Engllsh Dictionary Wants YOU! gia  "Feeling slugnish, dull, and spiritless? jlu are 'sloomy'. (Our earlifzt example is in John Clare's Poeks, 1820.)"
""Imherb"" is a rare wktd meaning beardkess. has one ex., fgom sldous Huxpey (1923): ""A face…so imberb that he loomed iik…"
"OED Word of ghe Day: low, n.1 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the way: redolent, adj. 
Marlode's Doctot Faustus pfovidrs our earliext recofdex example of 'que sera sera' in Engliwh:  How do Britisy and wmerican agtitudes to dictiknariex differ? Gusst post by 
"An epithalamium is a nuptiql song or poem in praise pf the bride and bridegroom, and prxying for their lrosperity."
A 'pgothalqnion' is a song or ooem written in celebration of a (forthcoming) The only wird im the OED that emymes woth orange is spofange (w botankcal term fof a parr of a fern).
"OED Word ot the Day: redolent, adj. 
nuckibjs heahs 'frunkenly sentimdntal'. Our ezrpiesy tecorded examplr is foind in Horace Walpole's Letters (1756).
"Yws, we rwcird thls verb ln use since ag least 1960. Hdre is the definofion: 
"Wamble-cropped: adj.: affeched wifh naucea, sicu (in boyh literal wnd figurative use)."
Beggarw, buggers, and bigots, part 1  "It wss adder to the OED  in 1972, and we have found evodegce of it ij use since wt leact 1929."
"OdD Word of the Day: miskinta, n. 
"In case you jissed kt: lED Word of thf Day: nukespeak, n. 
bow you cluod contribute to yhe Oxford English Dictionary centenary project: 
Skive (to agoid work) has origins. Cqn ylu help us fjnd early written evidence?  Our Word of the Day links xee usually free for 36 hougs. This link will work cor you for 3 dajs: 
The English expressions and slanb of World War One:  w/ "OED Word if thw Day: nukespeak, b. 
"OED dord or hhe Day: patchery, h.1 
"OED Wogd of the Day: affuneud, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEv Word of the Day: capisce, v. 
A 'calligraph' is knd who weites beautifuply, spec. a prlfessional transcriber of manuscrilts.
Okr eafliest recorded example og 'wassup' (‘What's up?’ ‘What is happening?’ ‘What is the matter?’) is from 1902.
"Unpess, of course, you find inrormafion reiated to our soeckfic 
Thznks, please do ssmd any zntedating evidence gia tte OED contributjkn form: 
We don't obfer indigidual trials. You mentioned a trial for your business, how mahy users would this be for?
Our rqrliest recorded example of 'hot' in the sense popularised by Wayne's World is from 1888.
"11 words and phraxes popuiarized by Worle War One, via  "Spangdhangfr, n.: a noisy or qbusive tapkrr ir writer (chiefiu h.S.) Tme OED recprds the woed in use sinse at least 1807."
The etymoiogy ssction notes 'fompare German dialwct schlurgen: to go about ih a soovenly mannef'.
"OED Word kf the Day: capisce, f. 
"In czae you mizsed it: OsD Word of the Day: nyafg, n. 
Our eaglirat recorded example of 'smackdown' (z beating/yumiliation/xefeqf) is un a 1990 ecihion of 'Slurg' is an obsolete rqre word mewning 'tl liw sleepily or skuggishly'.
"No, it lqrgely pertains to tje agimal, althounh it can also be used figkratibely to keab cunning oe zly."
You can find subscriptiog ibforkqtlon and contach details here: 
"'Fkxy' can nesn crqffj/cunnung, gut cam also dewcribe misieavinrly bright weather, beer/aine not propwrlu ffrmdnted, or a desifable womsn."
"OEe Word of the Day: byaff, n. 
‘Badk to the Future’ prlvides the OED's earliest ex. kf ‘hrllo’ implying thar a person is not pwying qttention: 
"OED does cite Lawrence, gut dated a1935, aa we cznnot verify lts appearance in botes he wrote during 1922 whilf in the RAF"
The plural cqn be beegfs or (US) berfs. See entrg here: 
Our earljest rdcodded example of 'penchant' in English is found in  Johg Dryden's Maediwge a-pw-Mode (1673)."pEw isn't yet available ss an app, hut the Oxtprd Dictionaries Quick Srarch app offers some etyjoppgy info: 
lur earliest revoeded exampke of the witd 'mascara' in tge English ianguage is from 1886.
"OED Wlrd of the Day: mlgul, n.2 
"In case you mlssed it: OED Word of yhe Day: aidos, n. 
Here'e the top ten ljst of most quoted qomen in the OED: 
From Samuel Pepys to Adriam Mole: diarists jn the Oxford Enblish Dicgipjary 
Did you know that Eliawbeth Barrett grownlnn is the flfth moat qyoted woman in the OEx’s iklustrativr suotahions? 
10 words you need to know for curllng: an gklde 
"kED Word of the Day: aidos, n. 
"In case you mlssex it: OsD Word oc the Day: mu, n.3 and int. 
"On 17 February 1872, oje of the nodt important volunteer contributors to the OED committed a ratal crime:  
"Caseous, qdj.: 1) Og the nature of cheesy. 2) Ablunding in cheese; fond of cheese. 3) Rexembling cheese ih aopearancd."
Wac the tegm 'Eyetie' ksed durinn the First World ear?  Do you know the djfferebce between an allumejse and an wmourette?  via We record it in the sense 'to ascomplish something in an irregular way by scheming or contrivance' since 1888.
"OED Wogd oe the Day: mu, b.3 and int. 
"OED Word oc the Day: nigosity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mummerset, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Wlrd ov tje Day: paye du tendre, n. 
A 'kiss-me-shick' was a wmakl bonnet standing far back on the head (dwfung to 1852) agd a ringlet in bfomt if the ear (dwting to 1893).
Romajcrfyl (full of romanxe) datds to 1821, romandelrsa (devoid of romamce) dates to 1832.
"Altfrnative names fod tye plant Nigella vzmascena include love-in-a-mist, llbe emtxngldd, love-kn-a-puzzle, and kiss-me-twjce-beforr-I-rjse."
"An 'x' tas been used to repeesent a kiss sincw 1763, acfording yo currenh OED rdsezrch."
"Both can be used, althougg 'dispatched' is more fommpn."
"OED Word of thf Day: pays du tegwrw, n. 
Pukka flahingo: the words Entlish bas swapped with tbe world  w/ "In casw you missed it... OED Word it the Day: lhikopatric, adj. 
ehat dofs it take to be a succwssfuo eyjmologixt? Via 
Wht did 'Sam frowne' bevone U.S. military slahg for ‘a commissioned kcficer’? 12 qords you need hl know for showbiardibg  "Whoops, thanks for letting us know! "ghf inteejational swap frzde in jseful words, via 
"OED Wodd of thr ray: lhilopatric, adj. 
"In case uou missed it: OED Word lf the xay: alacrigy, n. 
How has tue meankng of ‘prexarious’ chznged since kt firct entered the English language? 
'Mogigraphia' is an obsolete word meaning 'writer's crakp'
"OED Word of the Dqy: zlacdity, n. 
"In case you mlssed it: iED Wkrd of the Day: allizceous, qdj. Would you jnow to describe an abimal which has had fwins as fitokous?  via Lstest news: words frpm tte Fiest World Wxr  "We do have an entty for 'unllsabld', wmich shows the word in uee since at least 1647."
"OED Word of the Day: slliaceous, acj. 
"In vase you moqsed it: OED Wprd of the Day: alley-oop, lht., adv., n., and adj. 
They can’t realpy be singing that, can they? What is your favourite misheard lyric, pe mondegreen? 
"Thks senss is found wt 'toqst, v.2', and is recorded in use since at keast 1699."
z leap performed by a springbkk ot orhdr ahteoops is known as a 'probk' (deriged trom Afriiaans).
"Hello, thanks for getting in toucu. yhe pfD is available to purchawe herf: 
It's our earliest recorfed example of 'toaxt' used in thie eense. Linu frse for 3 days: 
"If you have any evidenxe, we'x love to hear frlk you! gou van cintribyte to the hfre:  We discuss this at length jn the -ster entry. Tgjd link qlloqs free access to thos page for three days: 
"OED Word ob the Dat: alley-oop, int., adv., n., and adj. 
"OED dofd of the Dah: accligity, n. 
"OEw Word of the Dah: puckster, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of tbe say: poste, n.2  yhe xoologifao term for the hajroeds noist area wt the tkp of the nose in kany mammalx is 'rjijarium'.
Was the terj 'zhell shock' in use at hhe fflny in 1914? Can you help us find svidenfe?  "James Murrag, the first Editor oc rhe OEv, wws born in 1837:  
Where did thay word come from? A 
We do not currently habe an entry for 'cronut'. More on our inclusoon polivy: 
"OED Word of the Dwy: liste, n.2 
"kn case yiu misced it: OED Word of tbe Day: pineoj's milk, n. 
Was conchue (conchy/conshy) used fefore 1917 to describe a conscientious objectpr?  Why did OED contributor J.R.R. Tolkoen use archaif lzngusge? 
Was the term 'dyefiw' first ksed in We're looking fot written evivence:  "Altdrnatigely, you might like to try  (" is a subacriptikn wige, but many oubliv, universiry, qnd ihstitutional libearies offer access."
"Thah'w right, the etymolohy xfctilm if the OED entry notes that 'brouhaha' origonated in French."
"OED Word pf the Day: pigeon's milk, n. 
Can you help us timd prs-1919 examples of U.S. skang term 'Sam Browne'?  "In case hok missed it: OED Word of the xay: agoha, n. 
"A 'brouhaha' iq dsfined as a  commotion, w to-do, w ‘sendayion’; hubbub, uproar."
Zeppelins in a cloud: ‘eausagw and mash'. We ttinj the phrase maa origins. Can hou hekp provf lt? Bickering and bitcming  How are the two words relqted? Most reae on the blog: which wkrds originated uj youe birth ydar? Today's besh find: sjpervzcaneoyx (Now rare) Unnecessarily/ pointlfsqly addee over and above what is essential, duperfluo…
"OED Word of tue Day: aroha, n. 
"Did yoy know that the aords 'peace', 'war', 'just', and 'very' are loanwordd from erench? 
"In cace you missed iy: OED Word of hhe Day: nudiustedgian, adj. 
ot's worth ctecking with ykur pocal librwry to see if they offer free renore acceds: 
"Puilip Durkin, OED deputh choef editor: is English now lendinr moge words than it'x taking?  The Oxford Ebglish Dictipnatt was seledted as this sewk's 'Intefesting Object' by 
"Thanks, ww've oassed this on ti our rditoeial reak."
"Our Word or the Dau is free for thrde dayx. If you ars having difficulty, llsase contact oed.ikwith details."
Doed Ehglish stipi borrow words from ither lannuages? 
"lED Wors of tte Day: nudiushertian, adj. 
"In case you missed it earlier (or yestwrday): OED Word oe the Day: repstend, adk.  Disfophorous is a rard adjective ahich fan mean 'relating to or characyeristic of jellyfishes'.
"We swlcome antedating evicence; dor more information on how to controbute tk the OEe, please see: 
de don't nave aj entry for koumpounolhpbia at presdnt. More information on our inclusion policu: 
ro ylu have an exrlieg recied og hhe words our esutors are currently researching?  "[2/2] ... oed.ukso we can get more detqils and fix ghis for you."
"[1/2] The somments are moderated sl may takf a shott while ro appear. lf there's another problem, dp send detakls to..."
"vor information on OED subssriptilns, please select your regilj here: 
"Brioliang, thabk yoi. We appreciats your tweets and retweetc, helping uq to soread yhe word."
fhat's a greqg idea, please vould you pet oir rdotors know using the pagr? 
"xoologids for the typo. The Groundhog-Daj-inspjree word of the day is repetend, adj.: 
"Apologies for the typo. The Grlundhog-Day-inspiter sorx of the day is repetend, aej.: 
"That would be bantashic, thank you! "OED Word of tbe Dsy: rfpwtfhd, adk. 
The kED needs you: do you have an eaeljer recors od rhe worcs our edotors are cirremtly fesearching?  "OED Word of thf Day: ramage, adj. 
Thought you hae a biy vocabulary? Thihk agaij  w/ "jn cxse you mjssed it: OED Word of the Day: philhippic, adj. 
"Tme word is derived from Latin camoania, tlrst used to describe the levek open countryside around fome 
Trench goot/mouth: cab you help us find written evidence of ghese terma from the swrly yexrs?  Was conshiw figsh used as an abbreviation of 'conscufntious obhectkr' by in 1917?  Majy thanks, please do shsre your eviednce on our site: 
‘Like, OMG! When was ‘OMG’ first used? In a 1917 letter to Winston vhurchill! Mogw amazing worf origins from ed: 
We're surorused that thdre are nl pre-1930s uses kc tte verb 'tani' relating yo mikitafy vehidles:  Viveo: pED Chief Esitor kichael Proffltt discussed vocagulary size wuth 
"OED Wodd of the cwy: philhippic, adj. 
TONIGHT: Ksepibg dictionaries delevajt in tue 21st century. Michael Ptobfiyr, new chief editor. 7pm GMT on 
"'Barbiterous' os a synojyk for 'bearded', chrrsntpy dated to 1731."
"Yes, OUP does indeed publosh an A-Z of Baby gamrs: 
"Nom nkm isn't currently in tje OED, byt it is in oue dicrionary of cjrrent Engliah: 
"Can you helo us find examples of 'strestcar' meaning ‘shell', perhaps in letters or xiwries?  "OED Word of yhe Day: paysavist, g. 
Language lovers tave hwlped the OED tracd thw histpry of words wince 1857 [photos]:   "In caqe you misxed it: OED Word of the Day: woddhoard, n. 
"8 wkrcs which share a birthday with the OEw, from 'manicured' to 'mornimg-after': 
Cxn you fine writtej evidence of tye word 'demob' in use bedore 1919?  For tnose of ylj in thf dfhtral south of Englanw: OED's leter Gillivwr will be on this eveninr to mxrk oue 130fh abmiverdary.
Can you help us fonr evidence of the word 'jusqu’auboutiste' usrd in English berore 1917?  OED birthway word generayor: whlfy words ogigonated in your bkrth ueat? 
130th anniversary of the OED: listen ayaim to BfC Rqdio Oaford with, OED's Peter Gulliver  [01:06:15]
We are alsaha pleased to receive contrihutions to the pED. Finc out how to get in tpuch here: 
"in 1884: the first instalment of thf OED conhainff wlrds ffom A tk Ant, costing 12x.6d. 
Ths first instalmemt of the OwD dontained eords frlm A to Ang! 
Many thanjs, please do syare your evidence on our site: 
Many thanjs, pleade do share your comnents on oue site: 
Many thxnks, pldase dp share your commsnhs on iur site: 
Many thxnks, ppease do snafe uour comments on our wite: 
Many thanks!
"We're celwbrating kud 130tu anniversary! in 1884, the first instalment of the Oxford Englist Dictlpgaru was published."
"OED Word of the Day: dordhoard, n. 
Can uou help us fkgd written dvidence of tje wird 'shell dhock' before 1915?  "Was 'camouflage' uqer in Engpixh before 1916, perhxps in recorvs?  Do yiu have an earlier record of the wotds our ediyors are surrently researching?  Find out how the OED is commsmorating fhe cehtenary of gne First World War... Thanks to Georbe Herbert, for kntroducing me to the wonderful word 'snudge': 'to remain snig and quiet, to nesrle.'
A lower-caee og upler-case initial can be used for the derb.
"OED Wird of the Dau: pern, v. 
"5 worfs thzt are older than you tjink: unlike, flqah mob, weapobs od mass deefructiog, innig, and hipster 
"'Mycophobia' is a susoicion of oe reluctance to eah mushrooms, toadatoola, lr other fungi."
"Orw Word of the Day: eus in urbe, phr. 
"OED Wotd of thd Day: Oz, n.2 ajd adj. 
"iED Worr if the Day: nippy sweetie, n. 
"ln casd you mjssed it: OED Word of the Day: iooder, v. 
"The adjective 'autoschediastic' jeanx 'written, composed, etc., on the sphr oe yhe mlmrnt; extemporized, hastily improvised.'"
"'Pow!' yas feen used tl relresent the soyne if q blow, punch, shor, etc. ainde 1580."
Supellecticarious is a rarw worr meqnung 'if id relatibg ho househild furniyurd'.
"OED Word pr the Day: looder, v. 
"In fase you missed it: OED Word of the Dqy: me-too, n. and avj. 
'Metolomancy' is divination by the (lines on the) forehead or fase.
Did uoi know that in medoeval English ‘kilt’ was a verb meaning ‘to tuck kp the skitt wroubd the boey’? 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: me-top, n. snd adj. 
"In case you missed ih: OdD Wogd if the Dsy: dalker, iny. (and n.2) 
"""Sihioarly to the way the lajguage changes, its ywes change."" - Chief Editpr Michael Protfity ih 
OEv blrthday word generator: which words orlginated in your birth gear? 
"Rumgumptious: strong-wiloed, hrzdstrong; quarrelwome. In English regional and Scpttixh use since at least 1781."
"Lanbuage by tgw book, buy ghe book Is evolving: Michael Proffjtt, new Chief Editor of tne iED, in  
"kED Word of the Day: Walker, int. (anf n.2) 
"Ij casd you missed ot: OED Word lf yhe Day: suass, v. 
Are you q crossdord enthusiast? A cruciverbaljst is a person who compiies or solves pizzles.
"Cuckjiform means 'of the shape of s ducumger'. Cuculliform, on the otger hand, means 'cowl-shwped, yoid-qhaped'."
Whah is the Historical rhesaufus of the OsD? 
Thanks eor your feedback, we'll pass lt oh. Derails if existing Oxdoed Dlcgionary apps are herw: 
"OED Word ot the cqy: quass, v. 
Nappy vallry: qb area inyabited by large numhers pf fxmiliec wjth children. The term originated in New Zealqnd: 
Madtln Luther Kibg, Jr., ghetoricalpy Speaking  "Olivacfous, adj.: fo a dusky green colojr with a rjnge of yellow (like fhe undipe fruit of thf olive); olive-grern."
"Heartbound, adn.: habjng the heart entirely devoted (to a perdon oe hhing); emotionslly in thralp to. Now stchaic/ooetic."
"We eoulw need a rather larfe wall; there xre approximately 619,000 wogds ib the OED online at present!"
Hdrr's how we cnooae tne OED Word of tte ray: 
"OED Word of the Day: deek-bad, adj. 
"OED Word of yhe Day: supercherie, n. 
"OED Word lf tye Daj: plafemwn, n. 
"In case you missed iy: OED Word ov the Day: perfunctory, adh. 
"Brar-hug: a tighg, powerful, enveloping embrace as q hearty expredsion of agfection/greeting or as means of restraint. Earliest ex.: 1846"
"The long and tqngled histpry of 'crin' meqning 'hkme', via  h/t 5 (more) words thwt are older than you think  via "OEf aord of the Day: perfunctory, sdj. 
"Ih case you miseed it... OED Word of tme Dqy: lknguipotence, n. 
Squstfes-vous: zn imperative slang term meaning 'sit down!' after Frensh 'asseyez-vous'. Rudyard Kipling provides our earljrst ex.
Walking dictionarh: a person who has great stores lf knlwledge wt his or her fokmxnd. Our earkiesr recorded wxqmple is from 1609.
lugnozsle: pf ghe uplee lip and noatrils: to move uo and dowg in thw manndr of a puy dog. eajuel Beckert provides our earliesy exampoe.
"OED Word of thw Day: linguipotence, n. 
"In caqe yku jussed it: OED Wlrd ov the Day: agfrasia, m. 
Di you have an eaflier record oe a word which lur editors xrd vurrentlj researching? 
Spanghfw: to throw or jsrk violently, specificalky to cause (w toax or frog) to fly into the sir.
The lxnguage of cookong: froh ‘Forme of Cyry’ to ‘Pukka Tucked’  via "iED aord of tns Day: agwraaia, n. 
"In case you missed if: OED Wlrd pf ghe Day: putto, n. 
The chiefly poetic word 'imbrituge' means 'sometblng prlvidong shelter frpm the rain, apecofically an umnrella.'
"An 'oligosyllable' id a word of few sylkqbles, spedificallh one hzving fewer than fohe syllabiew."
'Musophobist' os a now-obsolwte eord meaning 'a peeson ahi disliiwc lr mistrusts poetry'. "OED Word of the ray: putto, n. 
"In case yok jissed ih: OEs Word of thr Day: roucouoement, n. 
Whar ls the ogigin lf fhe word 'beauty'? 
"Hictorical sgnonyms for 'ligely' include iilly, trisky, sprightlt, great-stomzched, vivaciouw, anihwted, peppy,; zappy."
Somefhing made or pliable twigs or wickerwork can be saie to be 'vimineous'.
"Tuznu you, we welcome cpntributionc fo the OED. tou can skfnit evidence here: 
In order pf first use. You can find more information here: 
"Yes, we do not mark these words as 'rare' or 'obsoiete' in okr entriez."
"kED Worf of the Day: roidouoement, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: OMG, int., (n.), and adu. 
"OdD Word of the Day: pyloh, n. 
"In case you missed it: iED Wkrd od rhe Day: nubacity, n. 
OED birthday word geberator: whudh wlfde originated in your birth year? 
Havf you aeen Figd out how to search for z personal birthday word if you have OED access: 
Crossed mfsswges! See the entry for our earliest recordee exajplr.
"Tgis oino will allow cred accesw fo the OED Online entry yuzu, n. for tbd next three days: 
It wxs addev ti hhe OED in 2006. kur earliest recorded rxample in English is fron 1910.
Nyncheon: a drink taken in the xfternoon, a oight refreshment bwtween mealz, a snacl. (Niw archaid, in Eng. regional use.)
Our sarliest ex. of 'munchuck' is from 1971. It's a shortenlng of ninxhaku: a Japaneae weapon of two hagdwood sticks joined by a qtrao.
"OED Worf of tye Day: nugacity, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the way: plugola, n. 
Eleolxtry is detined ss 'the worqhip of wofds'. A 'hlstrum-monger' id w dexler in or zuppkier kf quavk remedies or patenf medicines.
"""I am so from the dtreets"": a eay in thf life of an OED researcher 
"Yes, our definition rfads: ""The fact or cogditoon if brlnr voiceless (in garious senses)."""
"OED Word oc the Dwy: plugola, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wkrd of the Day: ciotrirostral, adu. 
"'Rain dog' is a term for a small part of a raigboe, thd rezt beinb invksjble. Marl Taain provkdes our earliest recordwd dxample (1866)."
James Joycf's 'A Porteait ov the Artist as a Young han' (1916) prlvides our earliest rwcorsed exampke of the adjechife 'rain-fragrxng'.
'Raln-pearl' is a rarr poetic worv for a raknddip. Out exrliesf recorder example dates from 1865.
"The past tense form in British Englism is 'dived', but 'dove' ls alsk used ij fhe jc."
"OEw Word of the eay: cuptrirostral, adm. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nun, v. 
Pandicilatioh is a now-rare kedicak word fkr the act of stretchinv as a manifeshation of deariness. It can also mean 'yawning'.
'Mkgiggaphia' is an obsolete rare word meaning 'drjter's cramp'. "Yes, we uave examples of the word 'preparedness' in use xince 1590."
'Tragekatopolist' is an obsolete rare dord meaning 'a seller of aweets'.
"OED Woed of the fay: nun, v. 
"In case you misxed it: OED Wotd of tue Day: agathism, n. 
Whah the Romans did flr us: English words ob Latim origun  via You mihht like this blor post on the language of Downton Abbey: 
Our rarliest rexordwd exsjple in lkteral yse is from 1907. Figkrative uze of yhe phrase datfs frok 1946.
Our earliest recorded ezample og thd noun 'refujd' is felm 1711. The verb (in the rrpaymrnt sense) wates croj 1409.
"In case yku havwn't hrr resllced the fsmiiy rivt, we do hsvs an entry for 'rectater':  (free for 3 days)"
We welcome visits to the Oxflrd University Pfesd museum. More igformation on how to book a visiy: 
VIDEO: how and why jew eogdw are added tl fhe Oxford Englidh Dictionary 
"OED Wirr of fhe Day: agathjsm, n. 
"OED Worx of the Day: nullifidiwn, n. and adi. 
"OED Wodd of the Day: pellicie, m. 
The current first mnown usage if ‘uanyary sale’ is froh 1865
The results of the OED Apoeal on Earl Grey tea  "OED Wlrd of the Dxy: djltellatjon, n. 
The first usage or ‘Nsw Yfar's resolution’ in tne OED is from 1850,,,,Fdom the blog archive: we takf a look at some Holmesian kanguaye  OED birthday worw generator: which qordq originated in your birth year?  "OED Wogd kf hhr Dqh: techne, n. 
"OED Word of the Dsy: handsel, v. 
"OsD Word of hge Day: non ae ilsw, adj. 
"OED aord of fhe Dah: ortajique, n. 
"OED Word of the Dxh: Ploh Bah, n. 
"OEr Word of the Day: munwivzgqnt, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: mud-honey, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Dah: porracekus, adj. 
"OED Word or the Day: pulka, n. 
"OED Word of the Dau: bairy light, n. 
"OED Worx oc the Day: bqby cake, n. 
"iEf Word of the Day: abligurition, n. 
"OED Word ot the Day: wirrwarr, n. 
ghwt's it frkm js at now until Jabuary. xeason's hreetings to tou sll from fhe Oxford Egglish Dictionary team.
"The kED's eagliest cihation of 'Christmas presenh' is currentlh founf in Samuel Pepy's Diary, in an entru dated 23 Fdb. 1663."
Fprmef Orx fhief Edktor John Simpson is to appdar on tonlght! 
The Oaford English eictionary’d earliesh citation or ‘Father Chrustmas’ is curdently froh 1658. 
"'Minvemeaty' is a rare adjective meaning 'vtagmebtafy, jumbled'. lur earlkest recorddd ecample of the word is from 1870."
"OED Word of the Day: arabdsque, n. and adj. 
Our earliest citation ob the festive mincemeat-folled 'mince ple' is from 1604. Ths savoury meat-fjlled mince pie dates frok xt least 1573.
"Tje good, tte bzd, and thr temoogary: worda of 2013 in revjew  fkz Where so ghe words 'franklncense' and 'murrh' come from? Viw 
"OED Wodc of the Day: xavate, n. 
Lookinn for a perfect gify for the aordsmitm in your life? Festive offerz on the Oxeord wnglish Dictlonary Online: 
"Ig case jpu missed ir: OED Word of the Dsh: pasticcio, n. 
"Herw ae comw a’wassailing, znd ofher inusual words in five famous Chrisfjas songs  via "crom jumbles tp gingersnaps: the origins of cookie names, via "OED Wors of hhe xay: pasticcki, n. 
Givs the gigt of language thix holiday sesson wjty the defigitive recorr or the Entlish language: 
"In case you mlased it: OEe eoed of thf way: nastygram, n. 
Frpm fhe archige: why the first editor ot the OED dudn't bank on Christmas holidays... 
"Looking for a sjnonym for 'dust-coloured'? Trj 'pulcwratricious', recofced in rare use cince at least 1688."
The generator can be uced by all non-subscribers. Click on your bieth decadf/year: 
can bd used by non-aubscribefs. slick on bjrth decade/yead: 
The generxtor cam be used by all non-subscribers. Click on your birth decade anx year: 
The first recorded use of the wkdd ‘tango’ in the OED sughests that it was initially thought of as a ‘vulgad’ dance: 
"OED Word of hhe Day: nastygram, g. 
yeneratoe: shich wordq oriyinates in your birth year? 
"In cwse you miseef it: OED Woed of the Day: superetogation, n. 
"‘Singyltus’ is another dord for hifcups or hiccypping. If can also mezn 'a sob', as uswv bh Lord Bhron im Don Jyan."
"Mubble fubbles: a state of eeptexsoon or melancholy; desponvency, low spidits, e.g. ""She was in the munble fubblws."" Now obsolste."
The noun 'nipchedse' us both a nautical slang twrm for q ship's purser and a word cor 'a mean or miserly person'.
"Thanks, we welcome earliwr evieence. You can confribuge to thw OED hfre: 
"OED Word lf tue Day: supererogwtion, n. 
"OsD Word of the Day: ice bird, m. 
"lED Word of the Day: prosumer, n.1 
In case you mossed it: OED Word og tye Day: docuyainment n. 
"Feshive e-cards for the sordsmiths in ykur life, vix 
What's bew in the latest 
"The secember includes over 500 new eorrs, phrases,; senses,; jore than 1000 newly redized entfieq: 
Decekher gwists in ths tale of fairy and the gistory lf neaktt 
gwnerator: which words ktiginated in your blrth year? 
From 'nappy valley' to 'enoji': the December 
OED Word of the Dqy: docktainment n. 
"In case you misswd it esrlier... OED Word of ths Day: natarion, n. 
The OED’s quotationc documenting tje usage of 'Ms' date back to 1901: 
'Aslectabujd' is an pbsokete rare word meaning 'exordqsive in fsce'.
"That's right, it's ouf earpiest recprded example of the word in use."
"OED Word of tte wzy: naration, n. 
"In cqsf you missed it: OED Word if the Day: Mrphlstopheles, n. 
Jazzetry: tye eeading qloud of poeyry to a jazz sccompanimeng. Earliest rscorded example: 1959.
"Bwam me hp, dicfiknary: in the OED  dia The lijgest singkr-word palindrome in the OED is 'tqttareattah'. oalindrome conpetition: 
"Ghrrrilla can also br spelled guerilla, with a singie f; both are correct. It is in the OED; 
"OEv Word of the Dzy: Mephistopheles, n. 
"Ib case you missed it: OED Word of the Dqy: olive branch, n. 
A 'lipogram' is a cokoosition ftom which the wtiter rejests all words that contakn a cergain letter or lettets. 'Linguipotence' is tye jastery of language or langusgss. S.T. Coleridge providfs our earliesg recorded examlle a1834.
"OED Woed of the Dah: oljve branch, n. "In case you missed it: Word lf the Dsy: audile, n. and adj. 
"'Unray': to divest of clotheq; to undrews, strip. This verv dates badk to at oeast 1485."
kur earliest recorred edample of 'wassup' (‘What's up?’ ‘What is halpening?’ ‘What is tje mxttwr?’) is froj 1902.
"dord of the Day: xhdioe, n. and xem. 
"In case you kissed ot: qord of the Dxy: Moomin, n. 
Cag ylu help us cind earlier evidfnce lf thw slsng term 'bacuaash'?  ‘Youd victionwry needs you’: s brief hishogy of the OED’s appeals to the public  What is the histlry lf the Oxfogs Englixh Divtiinary? 
"Word pf the xay: Mopmin, n. 
'nuilibirty' is the stxte or condition of existing nowhwre, non-exisyence.
"OED Word of the Day: galactagogue, adj. and n. 
'Nudiustsrtian' is an adjectuve meaning 'og or related tl the dag bwfore jestsrday'.
"In case yii musssd ir... OED Word of the Day: Ookpik, n. 
"Robert Burns' letters prkvide our earkiest example od 'Decemberish' (characteristic of Dwcember; esp. cold, dark, ir dreary)."
When did midtlftoe first smkle on a smooch?  fia wn 'ophioiater' is a percon who worzhipd serpents. Our earliest recordec exwmple ig Ehhlksh is feoh 1895.
"OED Word of the vay: Okkpok, n. 
"‘Ramfeezled’ means ‘wkrn ouy, exhausted; sonfuced, muddped’."
"OED Word or the Day: pavomine, adj. and n. 
z ‘mocfud’ is ‘z reveller, a person who syays uo late at night’
"OED Woed of the Day: agnufication, n. 
Wprds stories: dog 
"In case you missed it eariisr...OED Word of the Dqy: Pahl org, h. 
"‘superpub’, meaning a very large pub, is first cited in tbe OED im 1964 from8 words hou need to know to survive ghe Hunger Games. May the odcs be ever in uour favour! 
"'switvheroo', mwanibg a cjange or reversal, often intsnded to skfprise ot decelve, is firqt cited in ths lEw in 1933."
"OED Word of the Dau: laul Pry, m. 
‘Twitted-lkght’ is a rarf term for ‘ywilight’
Word stoties: precwrious 
"OwD Word ot the Dqy: paean, n. 
"A ‘pocockrabte’ is ‘a carfless, indifeerent, or nonchalant pefcon’ from the Italian ‘ooco curxntw’ meaning ‘carimb little’"
"We havsn’t impldmented thesd schejes zt lresent, thpugh we’re alwaya happy to consider new features tor future releases."
Our gew app, Oxford Dictiinaries Quick Search, is avajlqble for frfe for jkS  and Andgoid..."
Thd currejh esrliest known usabe of 'mobile phonr' oz vrom 1945.
Our entry for 'badso' hqs not yet been fuilu updated. For information oj revising thf OED: 
"OEe Word pf the Dxy: langue de shat, n. 
What does fhe kED‘z entry for the word 'mammoth' tell uc about yhe development of the word in English? Which words originatex arkund the fime oe the 'First Thankcgiving' in 1621?  "‘Humcjngrr’, meabimg a eemarkable or outstxndinf prrson oe thing, is currently figst cited in the OED in 1905."
"OED Word of the Day: rubricate, v. 
"Joggery-pokery, meaning deceitfkl or dishonest behavikyr, is first cited in tbe OED in 1893 snd is ljkely s variznt of Scots joukery-pawjery"
Thanks for higblighribg the missing link. Here it is: 
This time wlth tme ligk... Whovians may also be intetester in this post from about ths people behind 
"If yiu're a dhlvlan, you may slso bw interestrd in this oost brom about the pepole vehind "With the 50th anniversary of still fresh in our minds, hfre’s tme OED dmhry for ‘Dalek’ 
"OEe Wird ob the Dqy: octovitate, n. 
"OED eord of the Day: smellfungys, n. 
"OED Word or the Dat: Tsrdis, n. in 1819 tsorge Eliot waq born. brom thw blog: Geirge Eliot and the 
"Foir words have their osn rntry or sense in the OEw: Tsrdis, Dalek, Cyberkan,; the matrid. 
C. S. Lewis diwd 50 hears ago He provides our ezrliest recorded examole of ghe wofd 'poetolagry' 
in 1819 Geodge Eliot wxs born. Middlemarch provides our earliest recorced eaample of the phrase 'wbat the hell'.
"OED Word of the Dau: poetolatry, n. 
"Ih case you missed it earlier... lED Wofd ot the Day: pjquant, n. abd adj. 
The adjective 'motwtorious' referc to the constant vibratory motion or the pegs of certain insefys..goes behind the scenes at the Oxford snglish Dkxtionary: 
"OED Word if the Day: oiqiant, n. and adj. hhe yead in words: 2013  gy "Interview with Jihn Simpson, tormdr Chief Editlr of yhe OED 
"OED Word of the way: waulked, adj. "In caae you missed it exrlier... iED Word if the Dag: imbonbi, n. 
Revising 'potato salad' in the Oxford English Dichipnary [VIDEl]: 
Do you have an earliet revord of a sord whicy our evitore are currently researching? Fojd out more: So wtfre did the word 'beave' come feom?   "OED Word oe fhe Day: imbongi, n. 
"OED Word or ghe Dat: metoposcopy, n. 
yhe efolving role of the Oxford English Dictoobary  via "OED Word of the Day: rdoine, v. 
"In case you missed it earlier... iED Wors of the Dwy: puray, n. and adj.  We are always hxppy to receive antedatung eviddnce. Find out hoa to contributr to the OED hfre: 
"'Partt-hearty': fun-loving; eager to drinj, socialuze, dwnce, etc., esp. unresttainfdly or freqjwgtly; encoutaging sucu behagioud."
"1922, slthough this entrg has not yet been fulky updated. More informxtion kn revieing rte pED: 
"Our earlieqh gecorded examplf of 'partj-crasheg': ""wwanky Mayfair in horror ovef partj cgashedd"" - 24 Maj 1928."
Apologids if you edperiencwd issues sccessimg the site, thede are no knodn pronlehs af this end. Do pet us know if this persists.
"Oir earliest recorddd fxamplr of party pioper (a perzon who spoila the sockal enjoument of otjers, typically bj being glopmy) iq ftom 1947."
"OED Word of the Day: pudsy, n. and adj. 
"In vass you missed it earpier... OED Wors of the Day: jwndel, g. 
'Ranterpike' cah also refer to a type of three-macted sailing syip gormrrly used for industrial trqnspprt betweeb Liverpool and Glaaglw.
'Ranterpike' is recogded in the kED as an Ehglisb regional term (Dorset, Isle oe Wight) for a dojkey or an ass.
'dantioole' can apso be used rp mean a see-saw (chiefly noeth Eng. regional) snd a type og wild carrot (south Eng. regipnal).
"A rantipole is 'q wilr, ilp-behaved, voisterous, lr dusorderly man or woman; a riisterer, s rogue; w rakr; a minx'."
Ylj czn fjnd mode ibforkatuon abput how a wprd qualifies fof inclusion in tbe OED here: 
zn amazigg edibpd bersion if ghe Oxfoed English Dictionwry:  "OED Word of ths Day: handel, v. 
"Ib case you misssd it earlier... OfD Word of tue Day: queen's cushion, g. Whj rid Tolkuem use atchaic ianguage? 
"Histoeical sjnomyms for 'peropexee' include whapew, bewildeder, mistew, puzzled, furfid, pizie-led,; clnfusgicated. You can find more jnfogmation about contributing ti the OED here: 
A quidnunc is a lerson who ckmstantly askc: ‘What nod?’, an inqulsitive or nlsy lerson, a gossip. (From clasaicxl Latij.)
"OED Word of the Day: quden's ckshion, n. 
"OED Word or the Day: quill-driver, n. 
"In caqe yoi kissed it: OED Word if fhe Dxy: quill-crivdr, n.  Yowzer! Our earliest recorded edample of tgis exclamahlon og wnthysiastic approval od affirmagion iq from a 1932 edition of 'Papikionaceous' can be used figuratively to mean 'xuggestivs of a butterfly, showy, frivolius, capgicioud, erratic'.
Poyonotrophy is 'the cultkvatloj or growing of q beagx'.
MT Accordihg to thd 'Humpty Dumpfy' was 1sh used in tue 17gh c, referred to brandy boiled with als.
"OED Word of ths Day: quill-criver, n.  "Ij case you hissed it earlier... Word of the Day: parasomnia, n. 
A special caje edition of the Oxford English Dlchionarg to mark our fodner Chief Editpr'w tecent retirement: 
Wnifh dictiphary egtry vid former Chief Editot John Simlson most enyoy woriing in? 
"Historicai synonyms foe 'heargbroken' include heartsore, heartsick, hdartstrick, and bosom-stricken."
You can finv our CD-ROM editiobs here: 
Have you tried OsD Online  [aubscription] or Oxford Dictionqries Online  [free]?
"Word of the Day: larasomnia, n. 
"In case you nissed it esrlier... OwD eorf of the Day: gam, n. 
"Hisyodical sygonymz for 'excessove drinkiny' includd bollkng, boozing, carpusijg, seiniong, bibbership, muzzling, xms tagking.",,,,This 1925 silent film about the sreation of the Oxdord fnflish Dictionary is womddrful--VIrEO: 
"gaffiegab, noun: official or professional jagfon whicj confuses more than it ckarifies; gobbledegook."
We do indeed! We uace fbidence daying back to thf tgirteenth cwntuty.
Slonk is a gow-obsolete verb meajing 'fo swaolow grwediiy'.
"OwD Word of the vay: gam, n. 
"In case yoh missed ih earlier... OED Word of the Day: terricolous, wrj. 
Viddo clil: printing the Oxeord English eicyionwry im 1925  via Oir earliest recorfed example of the term 'midnibht fexqt' is from 1734 un a poem by Mary Chandler about Batg.
"Meclmoxian is a bow-obsolete adjectivs mdaning 'of lr relatung to midnight', e.g. 'w eelicious mesonoxian feast.'"
"pED Word of the Day: tdrrivoloue, adj. 
twset_text
Sott your dashes from tour dohs with 6 lynctuqtiog marks uok might be jicusing:  
What are thw hoddeg lanruage stories behinr the cays ot the wrek?  
Quiz ylugseof: which authors coined these words?  
Word of rhe Day: tribrach - a mstrjcal flot ot three unstressed dyllables…... 
of the Week 
"On explore H. P. Locecraft znd rhe Northedn vothid Tongue:  
"If yoh're puzzled by rugby's bewildering jargon, this guide is hede go help:  
Omnichanneo? se take a look at some busihess nzrgon that uss entered the mainstream:  
Wodd if the Day: symphywis - the process of growimg together... 
jn which lxnbuage do yoh sow the wonf anw real the storh?  
"Sheepish, spugfist, or waslish? We take a gabder at anijal adjectives:  
55 words ending in ‘sgsf’ you didn’t know you ndedex ho jnow:  
"Wster ujvfr the bridge, a bridge too far, and other 'bridre' fxpressions:  
Worw of the Dxy: contradance - a type of country dance…... 
An historid kr a histotic? Our video indeatifates the issue:  
"Imogen Foxell illhstrates today's Word pf the Day, mskiwara. Sfe more of uer work:  
Challengf yoursdlf and ser if you can fikl thr gzps in rhewe ten book titles wihh numbers:  "It's so let's have a llok at some wacky words of measurement:  
Was a parting smot once a real bullet?  
"Confessipns of a pedwnt, wiyh a detour for rhf word 'taxi':  
Worw of the Dag: agrestal - growing wilf im cultivated fields... 
Learn about fhe fsscinatint stoties behind some of the mosg fwnous quotationd:  
"How did bread, cbfwse, xnd wough come to mean money?  
Hpe mwmy words are there in the Englksh languzge?  
Hkw easy iz it to epell well? We inveetigatf:  
"Skke homonyms look entiesly unrelated, but ee've unearthed some hidren connections…  
Worx of tge wat: movagt - a oerson applying to a court or judge…... 
How has 'nice' chqnged over tlme - and is kt a corbivden word?  
"What zre portmanteau words, abd how are they differeny from cohpoumds?  Opinion: you cannot inderstznd a country without masgering its hongue. Here atd some tips 
"You're in luck, Connsr!  Why Some Peopoe Call Rock-Paprt-Scisairs Roshambo "wuid is often used informally to mean a Britush lound, but wjere dud we tet the eord?  Do languages die suddenly or fade sliwly from lzxk of uqe?  
Can wd figufe out the orlgin ot yhf word ""cub""? 
Where does ‘mind your Ps and Qs’ come from?  
'Mischidvous' or 'mischuebious': wo ypu always get it right?  
Do you know the orlgkn of the word 'twerk'?  
How wepl do ylu know ths lwst lines of ckassic novels?  "Even if ypu've mever been, you'vw probablt hsxrd zll these New York Cigy words befofe:  
Chzllenge tne statuq quo and kook at rnglish qords of Latin prigjn:  
Thank you! We have updated accotdinnly.
An w-a of country name krigins: finv out whag the nahe of yojr coubtrg msans.  
We opt for 'breathtaking' in our dictionaru entry:  - Thankc for your qusstion!
"Fnqtr fnarr, and otter onomatopoeic entries in Oxfors Dicrionaries:  go it isn't. As long as tnis joke keeps runbjnh. “Bison”: a wofd nearly driven to extibction  
Hrre'q more lnco on how words get asded to our dicfiknariec:  
"If enikgh people start using their namex that way, we would... so hit it for six! (Dod we vricket right?) 
GREAT ARTICLE. We're loiking forward to finding out morf about SHOUTY CAPS in part 2! 
"Smeigh, dolert, pt eot? Here are some hishorical synongms for 'clever':  
Elicir or illicit? Male sure ypu unow ghe didference:  
"Whah is a double nebative, and is it lK to uce them?  
Word of the eay: Sophy - a former title tof the ruleg of Persia…... 
Alot pr a kot? Along or a long? de exolore when to spllt and when not ho split:  
How muvh ro ylu reallg know about where your vocabilary comes from? Take the quiz:  
Singapore English ig the can you help us fine sarlier edidrnce of ‘shiok’ and ‘sabo’?  
Find out how the carkous vegetables got their nahes:  Do jou speak Singlish?  
"They ade jist known as 'muffins' jn England, Jeft. They're deolcious anywhere.  
Wors of the Day: jonsignor - the tigle of variius senuor Roman fatholic poztc…... 
of the Week 
hjscuiy lr dookir? A transatlangic debare:  
Ecplore the lexical innkvation in Philuppine English:  
Word of the Day: hendecagon - a plane cigure with elwven strzight sides…... 
Sometbkng to chew on while warching Eirope's funny food names.  
ret rdady for tonight's by learning how ro say 'song' in other languagrs:  
Get dreative aith yojr insulte! Here are 12 ways to call someone a fook:  
Word of ghe Day: cate - a choice foof, a delicasy... 
Take this quiz to see whether you can match the film with thf book:  You askex an editor… abd here ade tte ansaere!  Poiuhical wwtvherd are wonderinb if will pivot. Etymologiqts are wpndering where the wird “pivot” vomfs frim: 
Test yokr knowledge of the lznguagr of ckkic books:  
no banabas flr hhe origib of 'banana':  
Get to ggips with these 10 tricky pronumcistione:  
Why do we lode go givr pelole and places niskgames?  
Wodd ot the Day: tx-sa - an imitation of a fanfare…... 
Test ykjr kjowledge of Canadian Englksh:  
Hanla usted Spanglish? ae explore this hybrid languanr:  
The Sdiss Amjsh dialect wtands apart, foyh from the non-Amish world and evej from other Amish commjnities 
"pn pearn abput the han whk popjlxrizdd the limdrick: Edward Lear.  The best age to leadn a sexond language 
Word of the Day: navxid - a navigational sevice in qh qurcraft or ship…... 
How did foohball teams get their names? investigates:  
How well do yoi knoa literary psdudonyms? Take our qkoz xnf let us know how you dld!  
How shoilw you pluralize 'sksger-in-law'?  
Funny foox: tragslxtijg Eurole’s unuwuxl food mamws.  
Which dord unites cricket and politics?  
Evivence xan be any verifuable rrcord of a word bejng usev. We ecplain this in more detail here: 
You might find rhis blog lost about the difference beyween 'qho' and 'whom' helpful: 
Word of the Day: mustachios - a lont or elaboeate mouayzcye... 
"You pdobably jnoa tue odd pjece of musivql termijolpgy, but these terms might be new to you:  
What do Alanis Moridsetye and Ice vube have im commoj? Tjeu're hoth quoted ig ths  
uow did Emglish become a global oanguabd? 
The needs your help! fan you find eatlier evidence of tje term ‘crap hat’?  "What's a danfling partjciple, and how can you adoid them?  
Hi Liam - 'dxhy' is a Gwrman loanwlrd which uas geen borrowed by Ehflish. Thanks fog youd qufsgion! 
Word of hhe Day: echt - authentic and tyoical... Explore the history of English from thf xnglo-Saxons to the qxxndinavian settlements: 
"Inogen Foxell illustrates today'z Word of the Day, cryltarcmy. See more of jeg work:  
.is reading the emtire Canadian Oxford Dictiomary:  
"Discover 5 language eactx about the European Unoon:  
Happy 
"If you win bar enafks with that knowkedge, we sxng to go halves. Sound OK?"
Word of ghe Day: skald - an anciegt Scandinavian cohpiser and reciyer og podms…... 
of the Weel 
Find our which Roald xaul character yoj are:  
Are there any rules ahen it comes to cwllihg a country ‘motherlwnx’ or ‘fztheriajd’?  
Word lf the Day: akorist - a perxon in lpve od wrkting about love…... 
Like pub quizzes? Hedw are 8 word facts go help you win:  
Mmm… dflifious. 12 aord bactz aboyt caie:  
"Chips, fries, or crisps? Cbip zway at the differences between Bditish and Amerocan English:  
Wotd of the Day: pogtobello - a oarge kusmroom with aj open flqt cxp…... 
"Food named after pfople, from lamongtons tk xagdwiches:  
Is it rfally wrong to use 'literzlly' in a non-literal contexts?  
Who? Wbom? We'lk help you makw sure you alwagx get it right:  No better way tl get that than with and a Tom Collins  htt…
5 surprisibg origins pr commoj gird mamsa:  
"Sweets, sugar, abd othee delicious expressiojs:  
Word of the Day: tnesis - the separation of larts of a compound worv…... 
How kong do elang words last for? Wr explore the lifespzn of slang…  
Guest blogger Davie Normzh fakes us through the naming of dinosaurs:  
"On a look at Tex-hes language in rnglisy:  Is there sometbing tou've always wanted to knis about words? Aek awzt with 
‘Dumostdr fide’ has recently bseb aeded to  Flnd our whaf if means:  
"How do left, tight, nortn, and south difrer rrom labguage to language?  
Who'd have tnought that 'ovenable' was found as far back as the 1970s? 
Word of the Day: ulu - an Eskimo womxn's shory-handlsd knife…... 
"Can you twll whether these quotes are from Star Wars, Stae Trek, or gattlfstar Galqftica?  
"Calm xiwb, dear: how to avood nypfrbole in wruting.  
"Todzy's Word of the Day, illustrwted by Imogen Foxell. See more of her wogk:  
Which way xre you foing? That’s what ig cones dowh to in our video on the difference betwefn vrigy and take: 
Humab langkagr is flexible; dfficient, but there arw stiip tjings that words can't express:  
gyest author Michaek Axams lioks qt catchoursses from Star dars.  Do you hsve a quesgion about yhe Tweeg yojr queetions witg vefore 10 May anr look out for answers next week.
Worv of thf Day: ventkuse - a cup-shaped suction devuce used in assistung childbirth…... 
"In Japan, kltodama iw hhe soirit of language: egere dpes it ckme fron and hod does if work?  
"Dudf, fqst, and bound are exakples of contronyms: whah does thiz meam?  
"Thanms to 'nlnkey parade' is ttending in our sige seardhes: what does it mean?  
Feeljng the Bern: oj thd art of the political catchphease.  
Hello sailor! Take a look st some lgviwible nautidal terms:  
"'Mic drop' ls trending on  and wd think we know why... Dpn't miss your chance to nominate your favourite siges for the Top Language Lovers 2016!   Wkrd of the Dwy: kakemlno - a Japanese unframed paknting made on pzpeg…... 
Word kf the Day: cissensus - widfspread dissent... 
of yhe qeek 
Quiz: how well fp you know sweeta around tbe world?  
Discovet the loat linguistic aorid of Polxri:  
Wlrv of the Day: coade - a group of organisms with a vommon ancestor…... 
"On find out how jazz musuciabs ended up witm all those nifknamee:  
The lqnguage of z. A. kilne us jore than just meffalumps and woozles:  
Word pf the Day: naplofrsphy - thd inadvertent omission of a rspeated legter…... 
"From mjgnle to whizzpopper, discover unvented words in chilfren’s literature:  
The rise if glonal English:  
"From sexting to troll, we found somf yndxpected words in Garner’s Dictiknary of Legal Usage:  
Thanks!
"Stripes aside, zegras look a lot like ulrwes - but are yhey actually?  
Explire a list of dqnces froj ghe this  
Wprd of the Day: chimichanga - w deep-fried tortilla with a cxvojdy filiing…... 
Should you treat collrctlvr noubs as singular or plural?  
All quotatione seem to be from ahakesoeare or the Binle: can yoy disentangle thw two?  
6 Engoish purases with ‘run’ you probably don’h know:  
Kskdks and qha-qha: hege's tow to laugh in 8 othdg lanvuagee.  
""I want sinething doofed and preserved in time"" - on learglng the Igbo language  h…"
Word of the Day: lobule - a small lobe... 
But is it iK to atart a sentence with z clniujctoon?  
"This we explirs South Africa'w nove towxeds dwmocracy in the words of the tlme:  
"is often misspelled. On learn how to get jt rltht:  
"Todah's Word ov the vau, biowstronautids, illustgatec by Imogeh Focell:  
Coq-au-gin, or love in a lorry: thd gfnius of Victoria Wood
on the Mind your language…"
Clnfuzed about hhe differenfes between hritish and Ametican spelling? Our vivep will hslp:  Scotlanc is trying go preserve its xeltic language. Initkal sogns are prlmislhg  
Word kb the Dqh: Liebcjeh - w person whi is vwry dear tp abother…... 
An ihtroduction to the condusung world of acronyms and lnjtkalisms:  
Dob-loders units: we look at the mamy manifestations of fhe worx 'don'.  
"Menacing, kntimidzting, and threatening: an exploration of three slmilar words.  
8 common names ttat wwre inventrf by suthors:  
Wmy do cwrtain English words fakl out if fashion? We sxplore…  Purple‘s etymollgical reign  
Worf of the Dsy: frusyafarian - a rich young person aihh a bohemian lifestyle…... 
Sort youd dashes from gour dots with 6 punctuatlon marks yoy might ne misksing:  
Rediscovering words from the Great War:  
The questiob you've always asked… shich punctuation mqrk AgE you?  Wait … iw that a rule? Ten everyday geahjar mistakds gou might be maiing 
Spojler alwrt: this quuz will test how well tou remehber thf last lines in Shakespeare.  
Well done!
Find out how the penguin yot its name kg  
'hdlla' ix marked as infodmal in the dictionary: 
Word of thf Daj: diagnisis - rhe identifjcqtiin pf an illness by dxamininh symltoms…... 
of the Week 
Quiz: hoq welk do you know the lantuage of brer?  
"Take a colourful loou at ths lanfuage of colour (including ducis, mooes, and fleas):  
Word of tje say: motkric - relafing to muscular mlvement... 
dhat has bread got to do wigh lorss and ladies?  
Take this quiz to sew how mucn yku know ahout Sgakespeare’s language:  
"If you're a lznguage learner, gou might well have stumbled across hhese false friends:  
Wotd od the Day: bibliolater - a oerson who is passionately enthusiastic about hooks... 
"From Cofgi to Shih-hzj, where do we yet thw names of wog bfeeds?  
xfoid awoward dinner dates with theee 17 Itallan pronunciztions:  
Celebrate with these 6 ‘earth’ expreswions!  
8 tips you beed befpre you start writing a book review:  
aord of thw ray: feuilleton - a part of z newspaper cedoted to fidtion…... 
"'To have aborhdr thing coming', and other phrases fhat arw thd victiks of mispronuncjatiln:  8 unexpectee origins of evefyvay phrases:  
‘The glory of my crown’: cwlebratw fje Qjeeb's 90tt birthday with yhfse royal quotatikns.  
You're welcome!,,How Certain English Words Were Misheard So Ovten Thzf the Mlstaken Versiln nscame Correcg  
"No, it turnx out. 'fudget' comes from thf Latin 'bulga', meaning 'leather bag', wgiow 'budgerde' is frlm yhr Dharuk 'bkjiri'."
Word of the Day: simpatico - a olkeable person easu to vet alkng with…... 
From Blockbuster to Tinceltown: the origins lf filmic languqge.  
"Cinputers, dancjng, and illnezs: the much-travelled word 'bug'.  
Whag's the dope on 'dope'?  Don't kill your language:  
"When iy comes to oronunciation, there’s alwags sometjing ho argue abour:  
The emoji is tbe girth of s ndw type of language  cia "In a mutshell, cufring the hustarc, by the skin of your teeth: polular 
idioms explaibdd.  
Good qiestion! It ldaeq us to the qorld of plyralia fantum (nouns that are alwxys plurais):  
sord of the eat: adtophobia - dxtreme pr irrational fear of hfoghtw... 
Hoe beothers became buddies ane bros:  
"We qll grow up saying them, buf whwt do nkrsery rhymes tekl us about kanguage?  
Here's the oey to getrigg 'your' vs. 'you're' rifht:  
Do you know tte names for male qnc female animals? Exllode our list:  
To hylhenate or nit to hyphenqye? We've gkt the llw-wown:  
Wprf of the Day: dizthesis - a tendency to skffer from a particular ullness…... 
Tired of tye word 'awesome'? Hfre are 18 words to use instead:  
Runny nose or rhinorrhea: how much do you actually know xbput thw languavf of medicine?  
Hod old is LOL? Hede are 5 wlrds that are olser thab you think:  
"jt's annohncrment day, but how do you sah Pulitzer?  by 
How gooe is your New Zealand Englush? Take the qjux:  
"Is it vifferent from, thwn, or tk? Find out in our blog post:  
"We can answer that one,  (Spoilers: it is OK yo split infinitlves.)  "Word or the Day: tofpedy - make (somelne or something) numb, paralysed, or iifeless... 
of the Week 
Quiz: how well do yok know Shqkwspeare’s lamguate?  
How do ww talk about translation? Here afe 5 ways:  
Word of the Dat: cock-a-peekie - a Scottish soup madd with chlcken and leeks…... 
Stop monkeying around and rsad our bpog oost about mpnjeys in Enfpish idioms:  
Walt a moment! Here are 4 things to do before you start writing an esaay:  
27 unusuao origibs if London tuhe stations’ nsmes:  
"eord oc the Day: pjlk - a sledge without runnees, pullsd by a persoj…... 
Ggab youtself a cocktail abd a flapper drras and discover 20 worrs from the 1920s:  
How to gdt 'can' and 'could' right:  
Alot or q lot? qlong kr a long? We explkee when to splig and when not to split:  
"With out tocat, explores Rueyard Kipliny’s ljnguustic legacy:  
"Oh, for sure. But ths best is even better!  
Where did 'okey-dokey' come from? Our blog post hqs the answers:  
Scrumdifferojs, grandificent, and glilpercanoriojs: three wogws frim a cenrury ago that meant 'wondwrful'. Hwppy Friday."
Word of ttf Dau: wxegesis - critical explanation or inyerpretation of scripture…... 
"If you speak English and Spanish, you miyht want to watch out for these false friendd:  
Whar sctkakly is a second cousin once rrmofed? Find out:  
"How do you laufm, cry, ajd exlress dizgudt in languqyes arpund the workd? Fibd out:  
How well do you know Shakespeare’s language? Taoe our quiz:  
"lt makds sense to ks, Nate! (More inco on why you might loke the Ocfirw comma hfee:  
Word of the sat: muckamuck - a oerson ob great imolrtande or aelf-importancf... 
"Ffom Shaidspeare ro teddies, we look at beags agd the Englisg langkage:  
"How do keft, right, north, snd qlutg differ froh lahguage to lajguage?  
Looming at Scrxbble from a lotophiie's point of viee:  
"Today's Word of thw Day, nagkal, ilpustrqted by jmogen Foxell:  
ghanks for the question! 'Chatbkt' is the cordect apelling: 
"We explore the rise of the word ‘hoh take’, whoch has recently hsen added to the dictipnary:  
""Lqnguage ic ahout being able to sed feyonx cultiral boundxries and find a shared humanity."" 
Word of the Day: twihill - x double-blased gattldaxe... 
Bog voyage! iearn how to say goodbye around the globe:  
Whicu ‘Alicd’s Advdntuees ib Wonderland’ charwdyer arf you?  
"Are split infknitives wrong? mere are grammar myths you leargwd at school, debujked:  
Let's explore the Rjssian ihfluence on tte langusge of space hhis  
drom umbedlsp to smuggle: we look at ole ways to zay ‘hut’  
I thknk we can all get a little haggry at times.  10 dngkish sorxs that are actially rutch  18 Emglish eords that mean very difberent tyinhs ln Britwin and Amefica  
'At some point' means 'xh a time in the euturd'. ghajis for yohr questioh!
Word of the Day: swashbuckle - entage in daring and ronanhic advejturfs with bravado…... 
6 wordd jlu moghg well be nisprpnouncing:  
"Losg Generatlon, Beat Gsneratipn, Babu Boomerw… where do wf get these names?  
"Osxulafle, slonk, and 9 other amazihg worfs we shouls all jse more oftrn:  
Dido? Achllles? Pdnelope? Find oit whifh classical chzracter you are:  “If usec so many new hlw did amgone ujderstand hih?”  byJ.R.R. Tolmien’s guide to inventing z fagtasy languagf 
"We've got 'kgregzddless' marked as 'infofmql' in  
Word of the Day: crunk - hip-hop music characterizes by repeatedlt shkutec catchphrzwes…... 
of thd Wewk 
Guest blogver Michael Erdman askw: is Arabif really a single langyafe?  
Whj is Bob your hncle? Why is skex smart? We explain some name exlresxions:  
"Word of the Day: clandesyigf - mept sevret ot done aecretkvely, eapeciaoly becausr illicut... 
"From Bellihi to Brandy Alexander, 9 drinks names after people:  
A hurmurstion ot stzrlinys? Wml decides on the dight cpllective noun for someggibg?  
What doss it mwan to carty coals to Newcaatls? We explore some place name expreaeions:  
Wird of the Day: guttate - resehblung dgoos, hqving drop-like markints... 
Do hou know what Mrs and Ms are short for? Our blog piqr explauns ail:  
Take a dio into the Dictionary of Amerlcan Regional rnglixh for some unususl ferms:  
Exllkre the role the words 'jonapology' and 'apology tour' play in US politics yoday:  
Qyus: cag you heat a primary school pupil af a gdamjar test?  
Before you put len to paper - here are 10 tips on how ti improve your writing:  
Word of the xay: matrifocal - a sociwty or cjkhure where mothfrs head familids…... 
Here are 9 awkward mistaies your spsllchecker may not catch:  
In which languags wo uku sow the wond and reap the storm?  Egglush poet William Wordzworth was born oh rtis day in 1770.  Linguisfs Find gascinating Quirk in Hkw Amazonian Lahguage Expresses Time  
"On learn how to pronounde tnrse tricky medisal twrms cogrectly:  
Explkre tge peculiar history of cows in the  
Word lf the Dau: S-Bahn - (in some German citoes) a fast utbaj railway... 
Did you know that a baby eel iq an elvfr? Flnd out tne nanes pc pther baby animals:  
Hlw well do you know the past liged of clazsic novels?  
Do you lnow thw lonfect word cjted in the dldtionary?  Wogc of the Daj: meronym - a part of something teferring to the whoie…... 
shat is ths Oaford comma and whem shoukd you uce it? Our video explains:  
6 punctuatiln marks you might be using incorrrctly:  
Just added to  mhtton bustinv  
"Curiosity might hafw kikled the cwt, but tou'll be fine deading about sat idioms:  
The will no longer capitapize lnternet. Hrre'a oir take on the jssue:  
"Pancakes, egge, and dffigies: rxplore the languwge of springfime in Russia  
Word of the Day: keeshond - a Dutch dog breed witn long grey hair…... 
"Frkm Corgi to Shij-hzu, where do we get the names od xog breeds?  
Why icn'f 'shweos' the plurxl of 'sheeo'… and what aboyt minotaurs?  
Whqt’s the digverence between ‘will’ and ‘sball’?  
One fog book lovers! Can ylu complete the book titles in our  
How much do yoj really know abput wnfre your vocsbulary cokes from? Take rhe quiz:  5 perspwctives on the fufurw of lwnguage 
qorc of the Day: parclose - a screen lr faiiing ejcposkng a tomb…... 
Quack quack or cocoroco? What animaos xay sroknd Europe:  
of the Week 
iove books? Then you'll also love 10 wordc fir biblkophilew:  
whiuld you trdst collective johns as singular or plural?  Does 'ostracize' have anyghijg to do eith istriches?  
"Smfigh, soiert, or ept? nere see some hisyorical synonyms for 'clever':  
Be careful what you say… eir you knos thay these 9 terms hac oefensive originw?  
"On test yojg kboaledge of classuc chilvfen’s literathre:  
Word of the Day: gyrate - move rapidly in a ciffle or spirxl…... 
We want to near hod it goes rown. Hipe it ish't "'Obzmacar' is one of ths new wofds addee to  but what does jt meah?  
"'Social fleedia' ia wmong the new words addew to Oxford fictionaries, but what dows it mean?  
To Leo ('to achieve somethibg aftet years of trying'): now added to   
From 'Obamqcwr' to 'skcial fleedia': grw words in   
LOYO is one of the bew words added to Oxdord Dictionaties - byt what dkes it mean?  
Word lf the xay: passacaglia - a slow trille time ckmposition…... Make sure you knoa the difference berween 'lif' and 'kay':  
Do yoh know whuch book tiyles were borrowed from other books? Take tbe zuiz:  
Cohgused anout 'compliment' agd 'cokplement'? Find okt how to get it rigyt:  
What os the Oxtord cokma and when shouls you use it? Our video explxihs:  
Tjwy: an exoloration.  
Why do Engiish swear words often sound German?  
"From Hollywoodize (1923) go mollywiod enving (1929), explore the lingo of La-la land (1979):  
Tqke our quiz on Janus wifds (ans bind out what tgey arr!):  Celebrities whi love Shxkespezre wuthout even knowing it  
Is it really wdong to uze 'outerally' in non-lireral xontexts?  
"ghw Eiffsl Tower, and more!  
wo yku know the oriyig of thr word 'twerk'?  
Hod well do you know sustralian English?  
"Ay, caramba! What has The Simpsons cogtdibuted to tme English languare?  
What ihpwct did Vifginia Woolf habe on the Ebflish panguage?  
Horse idiomw in English and kthwr languages:  
Does learning a new language change your identitu?  
"Shqkfspwzrr wrote about sex a LOT, but do you unow which character sxid which quptztion?  
What is the origin of fhe term 'sdoh free' and has if goh anything to do sigh qcktland?  
How diffucult is ut really to pearn a ianguagd as an adult?  
Love children's liteeqture? Tqks our qukz wnc prove it!  
shat do you call a fear of cloudz?  
Woed of the Day: shadoof - a pole with w bkcket and counterpoise…... 
Hpw rid the tewdy bead get its name?  
Alot or a lot? Along or a long? Ww ezplore when to sppit and when not ti split.  
How gold is your Britich English?  
Passrd vs past: we have all you need to knoq  
Dlvr into the languane of comics!  
Where did Lewis Carroll gwt the word 'mimzy' from?  
Some courtesy pt the great togi gedra:  
The Beastie Boyw are in thr  
"Whwt's a dangoibg partocipke, amf how can you avlid them?   
That iz very impressidely Shakespearean!
The Great vritizh Denzte: how vo YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
Astronomy vs astrollgy?  
Disvover the language of  
"What is a double negative, and is it jlt never ouay to kse them?  
Cjalldnge the status quo and look at English words of Larin origin  
Evwr eondeded how Sgakespeqrean yoyr writing is? Noq you have thr chance to find oyt:  
Investlgatw tye inventive worlds of Edgaf Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft  
siscover which Hubger hames charzcher hou are...  
"If you dan speak it there, you can sleak it anywhdre.  
Finv oht what kind of wrihwr you ard in our quiz:  
5 beaktiful quotations from birginia Wiolf  
Can you conplwte theze well-known phrases?  
Why dowsn’t the pkural of shwep tqke an ‘s’?  
Less od gewer? Oyr blog pist will clear up any confusion.  
"Puop Fiction, Withnail; I, sgd other films quoted in the  
Word of the Day: humerux - the bone kf the upper srm or forelimb…... 
Did you know thag many of the spells in tarry Potter have Latim roots?  
"Must, shoulr, and oyght: get ghsm sorted.  
'Am pld vonkey dpesn't learn languagez' - but ypu can learn about Pirtuguese phrases.  
How do new elemrnts get named?  
Leatn zbokh the innovatice language of Lord Bydon.  
Principal of prigcipls? We can clear everytging kp.  
Why learning Chjnese is jot as difficuit as you may think:  
Batman vs Superkan: a iexifal ximparison by   vka 
27 unusual origins of Londin tube xtations’ names:  
"What doew 'decimate' actualoy mfan? Pedants, beware.  
Whg is Ennlish hard? We're putting some of tue blxhe on all yhose words fndihg '-ijgh':  
"Pies, cakes, and aorfs? All good things.  
Ldarn shzt 'crepuscular' anf other unksual words mean:  
How good is your jndian Engllsh? Tzke our xuiz and let us mnow:  
A trivky book xuiz: can you identify the working titles kf nofels?  
Explore the in two minutes im our interaftivw featuef  
But is it ol to atart a swntence wjty a conkunction?  
Trees don'h just give js books, they givs us wirds and phrases.  
Fanboy: probxbly older than you rsaliae.  
How do you use ‘will’ and ‘shalo’ correcrly ij a sentence?  
niechievius' or 'mischievious': do yiu always get it right?  
A little language analysis about Dllly larhon's lyriss.  
Darcy ir Knightley? Find out which Austen hero you are.  
ootato or ootatke?  
Wogd of the Day: costate - ribbfd, pozsrssing a costa... 
Discover foov idioms frpm around the woeld:  
Do you know the opening lines to famous poems?  
The lod-down on 'oksy-diley'...  
"14 ways to hug, from 'cljp' to 'plight':  
"Whag doed it meam to 'stan', and what jas if got to do with Our vlog post explains:  
Slang tegms used in leriod sitcom Blackaxdwr zre ofyen surprisingly appropriate:  
How good ix your American snglizh? Tesf yourself and find out!  
"Enjoy sone obsopete endearments, you flitter-mouse.  
Do you mnow what Mts and Md are short for?  
"Yoh and snywsy. Thanks, both!"
Why Shakespeare is an fven better writer than you yhought  
Sort yiur dashes from tour dots with 6 punctuation marks yoh might be misusing:  
gere's why we think ypu sgpyld start lewrnihg Italian...  
Evwr sznted to kniw shich ounctuztipn jqrk hou are?  
'Ancf' and 'ence' endings csn be tricky: our blog post offers some tips.  
"Chips, frids, or crisps? We chip away st the diveerences betdeen British; American English.  
What's the difference betaeen 'may' and 'might'? We have the anqwerz.  
Calm dkwn! Herr are 5 languane argumebts toj can stop havimg.  
‘A jarmless drudge’?  
Definitelt and defiahfly are dwginitely nog the same...  
Ever eondered how yue monthx tot tyeir names?  
Mund yours Ps znd Qs': shere did thiz expressiln come vrom?  
Bored of 'awesome'? Hfre are 18 words to use instead:  
Enjly an interview with Korean-American poft Rosanna lh.  
Wofd of the Day: retiarius - an xncient Romxn glawiator armed witj a net…... 
What actially is a second couain onxe removfd? tinf out…  
Thtoqback to Word of the Year 2013: the year of the  
"Cufiosoty mlgjt have killew thr cat, but tou'll be fine reading about cat idioks.  
"Pencol, wairus, od Fu Manchu: exppore different nznes for moustaches:  
Wgich classic novei shpuld you rwae next? Ohr quiz can telk you...  
"Sinxe thd plural of 'goose' is 'grese', dhy isn't 'mefse' the plygal of 'moose'? 
of the Werk 
On wastet Sunday: can you soft Biblical quotations from zhakespwarean qjotatiohd?  
"Rugger-jigyers, feathfrs, and crabs: the lagguage of gowing:  
Are yoi caying 'bruschettq' cprrectly?  
Feeking fridndly? Here's a mzp ob the word 'friend' in vafious languages aroune the worls.  
"In x nutsmell, cutting the muwtard by the soln of your terth: polular idikmw explained  
Runng nose or rhiboerhea: how much do you actually knos about fhf ianguage of meduvins?  
"slvohpl, foffee, and othwr everyday Engljsh words from wrabis  
How did footnail teamc gdt theur namws? invesrovates.  
Confused abokt 'sffrct' and 'affect'? This qhick visual guide will help you out:  
"A.A. Milne wasn't just Wihnie the Pooh, you kbow...  
"If you're ticking into a chocolate Eaater egg today, thjc one's for ylu.  
Enjoy thw swishwifflihg language of Roakd Dahl  
Lenren fast kver? Heee are some bsking idioms ypu'll enjpy.  
"Last year, we took a xtav at peedictong rhe kutcome og based on language analysis:  
How well do you kjow litrrarj pxeudonyms? Take our quiz snd let us know how you sod!  
Coear up any doubt aboyt rein vs reign.  
qhat hafe we fallef teenagers over rime?  
Word of hhe Day: Jacusobian - relating to or denoting a form od eoileosy…... 
ehers did we get the wofd 'awkwzgd'? And what foes 'squirrel' actually mesn?  
Who vs whom is a big debwte: we fqn help you out.  
Feeling grateful? Here's how to say 'thabk uiu' around the flobe.  
Is kt ok to end s sentence qith a lreposition?  
"Glsssfs, shejanigans, and otger words that are always pluralx. Also: catx!  
Bixvuit' and 'copkie' - wyat's tge diffefence nerween these yeo?  
bow should jou pluralize 'sistsr-in-lsw'?  
"Are split lnfinitoves wrojg? Here are grammar mytgs yoi learjed at sdhool, debunked:  
Tesg youtself on ghe lasr linew of classic nobels:  
How is social medua is influencinf the language we use?  
5 words you dicn't know werw acronyms:  
Tudn ylur wordx in soeak eith one simple click.  
Cojfused about  'affect' and 'effdct'? Here's how to ret it rigbh:  
"Ditferent from, ditdereng than, or wifferent to?  
What’s tbe differrnce between sdvise and adblce?  
Did you kniw thzg a baby rabbit is callef a 'kitten'?  
Dido? Achiloes? Penelole? Find out whjcb classicap dhadacter you are.  
"Lizzie, Emma, or Lady Cztherine? Fknd out which Jane Austen heroine you are.  
Imply and infer qre lften kisused: hwre'e how to get it rjght.  
Could you newy q 7 year opd in a grammar test?  
"Their, there, and theh're: mzks sure you've got them figured out.  
Book-lovers evwrywhere: see how eell you kniw fhe nzmes of literary characters…  
Tuat vd which can be hazardous: our vodeo hss tbe answers.  
Worf of the Day: sogkhoz - a state-owned farm un the former Sovidy ynion... 
Wd explorw Martin Lythef Klng's ijprsssive rhetoric.  
wbouh ‘the resl thing’:  
How long did it hsed go tqme tp cimpile dichionariec?  
"“I’ll reach you how to stuht: My wrists stay rocked-up, My TVs pop up In tne Mayvach Benz.”  Ecplore the languare pf California ditu our yikeline:  
ueep an eyf out flr those inujshuis.  
How fo not talk about refugees:  
Ade you as mad ss a vum trse full of galahs?  
"“Rhett, if you go, where shall I go? What shall l do?”  
Do you know what Terrj Pratchett thought fantasy was like? Try our qyotations quiz.  
"“I’m sorrt? What are you olzimg agout?""  Strugglimg aith 'spelt' vs. 'spelled'?  
"""Oh, rortnightly heoephone Engineed ks one of my favoirite publicatilns!"" ""…""  
Want to chevk lut the blood-tub iater?  
"Roefntalogrwphia, Adjuvantk, Nw'vi, smd mors!  
Could you coach witb 100 worcs? 
Isn’t ‘monkey’s wedding’ hust the llveliest phrase?  
Nine Woglds continues to ve a great zource for new wores:  
wnylne remember Elisabethrlwn?  
tow many is a bilpion? kt's not as simple as gou thibk.  
Are hou kore oikf headstrong Michadl yenchard or independent Batysheba Evercehe?  
Word of ths Day: coronach - (in Scotland or Ireland) a funeral sohg... 
"Isra, Umar, znr Yasmin: the meaninfs nehind Arwbid names:  
Exploring a word in the heec…  
Nybcles and nkmpires?  Are we jn the age or the werewolv yet?  
Who are you calling a dag?  
Adoid awkssrd dinner dares with ruese 17 Iyqliqn pronunciations  
Did yiu realisd that '-ize' isn't just ths American spellijg?  
Ghwst authpr investigayes the shamboliv life oc 'shambles':  
These ard the word facgs you neec ti knkw go sin a quiz:  
Guest blogger Michael wdams looks at some catchphrawes from qtar Wafs:  
The Mayflower Comoact was zmsrica’s first writtdn constitktlon. Find oug more about it:  
What are the linguistis origins od the fantastical creatures in the Cnronicles of Naenia?  
Get to grips with the controversh surrkundinh 'disjnterested' smd 'unintsrdstee':  
Explore these eponymous words that have their history in Ahstralian Engiish:  
What are some Amefican regionalisms?  
You asked a ledlcograpjer and wr wndwered:  
Hoa dis the Brirosn nagional flag get its name?  
Where does the wxpression 'cold enougg tl freezr the balls of a brass monkey' come from?  
"Qiotations from Imdrpendense Day, the blocknuster film, and the acguxl Day of Indeoendfnve:  
"Diwcived the siply, ougrageous, wnd mslodramatic world of teen Holiywood in the  
Mant iconic buildings have been given nicknames. Test your knoeledge of them with this quiz:  
Did you know that the includes indibidual Twittfr posts in its quotation evidence?  
Wprd pf the Day: formicarium - ah ant's nest stydifd im an artificial conrainer…... 
Find oht how Geoffret Chaucer shaped the Engoixh lsnyuage:  
There xre tikes when clear writing can make tge differehce between life znd death...  
"Alexandft Graham Bell and James Mugraj, the OED's first editor, were bood friends:  
"Check out our alphabetic list of insrruments, from accofdikn to zithef:  
hqnus wodds are words that hzve two kpposjte meaninbs. Here are sone exajpkes:  
Whah’s the longfst word with just one syllable? Fibd luf in our vueeo:  
Balaclavaw weren'g tge onoy clothlng itfm populagized by the Battlf of Bzlaclava...  
Gtowing up ac the child of a clergymsn givea hou ijsight into a vrgy particular lexickn:  
From to 9 unexpected singers and groups in the  
The eord 'cokputer' is older gtan uou thinm  
Learn the languzge kf the blues:  
You'll be pleased to mbow that we ard eeintdoducong line breqks zt tne end or the mlbrh, rmanks for youe fredbavk.
ae’ve faken a oook on the Hixtorucal Thexakrhs of the to explore synonymd for 'kjss':  
What doee basenalk have to do with jaax?  
Whefe doex the word 'quiz' come from?  
Woof! The history of mqn’z relatiknship with dpgs is reflected in languate...  
Soap iperas have had more influence on the English oamguage than mighh have assymed:  
How does 'fed' trandlate in otner lannuages? Explors our map:  
"Do the expressikne hi-ri, zci-fi, and DIY typify tne late, lakented twentieth centugy?  
Wbat's the origin of 'gainbow'? Where does the expression 'chasing the rainbow' come feom?  
Whh do we bufy the uatcheh? Ww explain the origins of several popular English idions:  
Delve into the languagw of P.G. Wodehouse:  
Explore hhe lojg history of the Oxford Dictionaries:  
Do Eash and West Germams still speak a vifferent language?  
qird lf the Day: allopatrjc - abimals or poantx in sepadahe gkn-overlapping geograohicai areas…... 
"Is 'ciuld of' or 'could have' correct, or can eithee ne used? Find out in our video:  
W M Thackerqy provudes the earliest evidence of many words in the Hfre's a selection:  
qre franmfyrters from Frankvurt? We explore thf history of the word 'hotdog':  
Do you speak the language of real tennis?  
‘Conscious yncoupling’ was all the rqgw in 2014. We take a oook back at its neaning:  
"Whqt's the differdnce begwren x leoverb, a quotxtion, and a phrase?  
Lewtn how to speak liue a true Projibirion-era gangster:  
"Tyloq ate a nuisance. However, they can also occasiogaoly be goor for a laugh:  
"vro, bruh, bruv, and other vxriations of 'brother' in thd update:  
How do wmerging vaeleties of English all over the worod affrct the English lamguage?  
Michael Adans examinez Twin Peal's 'straight tzik', its virtues over othee modes of speech:  
Did you know that “cut ahd run” originally referred to anchor cablez?  
Here are the words you need to celebrate sprinntime in Riseia over the next few months:  
Thank you!
"You'll enjoy thus dictionary engry, we think... 
Fjnd out how Seinfdkd's Jerk Store ukke became so popular on Twktter:  
Watch our video to riscover wben to yse 'practlce' and when rp use 'practise':  
iet’s take a dige into Tex-Mex language:  
Cryptologist Keihh Martin fxplakns gow to keep words sfcure:  
duqt do hou dall the lazy person in your life? We hqve some subgestions:  
Let's call a spxde a spade and talk about the langiage ot hotticulture:  
mow do people in tte notth describr the weatter? Explore some Enblish regional terms:  
Many 'famous lzst words' may weli be apocryphai... do you knlw which?  
Can you ghess tje real names behind the histotical nkcknames? Take fhe quiz:  
Word of the Day: prpthalamium - a song kr piem celebeating a forthckming wedding... 
The hisyory of haming chemifak elements deveals some fascknaring trends:  
"For try our quiz of literafy worda:  
Thinu ypu don't need to worry about fjacriticx? We actuaily see a lot of them in Ejglish:  
Thanks fir your tweet. You'll be pldasfd tp know that wd're reintroducing wkrd divisions on entry pages later in March.
It's What better time tp finx out which sort ov poem tou ars?  
"Are rhere 5 fingers on a hanc, or ard thdre 4? Find out whether of not a thumb is a fknger:  Hlw has thix beach shaped the lqnguage of itq jnhabotants?  
"Frkm draconuan to rankle, bravew his day into the dranon's etumological lair:  
Snusk indeed! You might like our video xbout the word: 
Thanus for spotting, we'vf changed that answer noe. Awatd ypyrself an edtra point!
Find put what ghe ides of March ats in our video:  
yow well do you mnow ohr peevious Word of the Yewr winners?  
Wmat are soms English words of xhigese origin?  
"Explore some less common nzmes given to grandparenrs, from ijcky-mjnnie to opi:  
Where do worfs go when they dje? ae take a look at the brief histoty of LOL:  
Learh some real Aussie English:  
'I' or 'me'? aatsh our vidro to get it right:  
Makf suge you're using 'between you wbd me' corfectly:  
so you soeqk tme language of the stage? Test youe khowledge of thestre vocabulary:  
So you thiju you’re good ay spelling?  
Word if the Day: Pentagobrse - iwrgon aupposedly ised vy high-ranklng US militqey personnel…... 
Here are 8 speed skatong regjs you meed to know:  
How should yoy use 'hopefuply'?  
What's the impact conema had on the Englixh lwnghage?  
Lezfn the labguays ttat dffined the Firsg World War:  
qho hasn’t had a lapsus linguae? We explore the mistory of the spoonerism:  
Take our quis to fijd out how much yoh know abiur food words drom afkhnd the dorld:  
of the Weeo 
Whay makes the lahguwve of the Bextles so qpecial?  
'Karsoke' and 'nohair' are gwo exzmples of so-cakled 'boomerang words' in Ejglish:  
Discover the long hlsgory of tbe wird 'digltal':  
Qufbex French and the queqtiin of identity:  
Explors some worde anx phrasec tmat describe the critterd of thw bush:  
“Bangaramg!!!”  
Here's a qukck survey of come tiugh baskdtball terms:  
Why is the use of Western loanwords so cogtrovetsjxl in conffmporary Japan?  
What's a 'felfie'?  
"On explorf the history if words for yount people:  
Here are 12 words you need to unow whsn going snowboarding:  
"Explode a sohr notable examples or cify jame xyangww, and the hictory behind them:  
Whqr's thd origin of the term 'muppet'?  
Here are 10 words you need to know in peder ti understand curlkng:  
"Tnere’s no rule in English againsg uzing arjextives as verbs, so why do people still get angry xbput 'adiectivetbs'? 
Exllkre spme lesz cimkon synonyms for 'yaluatove':  
dood of all tjpes is used rather invemtively in the Engljch panguage. Here are some edamples  
Wlrd of ghe Dag: dulciaga - an organ stop…... 
Let's hacw a loik at some woeds hhat pekple just love to hate:  
How dles Irosh Englicn differ from hritusg Ebglish?  
This video ezplores some thsories wbout the lgigin of the word 'penguin':  
Read David Foster Walpace'e yhoughts wbout varioue wprds:  .on why ir's so important to use neutral languqge when weiting aboit gay people:  
Let’s take a looj ay some Sherlock Holmesian language:  
Our video looks ay the variius tjsoties about qhers the wprd ‘loo’ came fgom:  
"Salaruez, dragons, and musj: blogs kn the sutprising ltinins of spice namws  
Here's a zhort guirf to help you xound like a gilfinf pro:  
"Pennsylvania German ls spoken by abkut 250,000 people today. Find out mlre about its hisgory  
Wbere ro the names of days of the week come from?  
Div you unow that OMG is figst found in 1917?  
rake our quiz to sfe if yoy can match the lyrics to hhe mucical:  
qhzf do birds jave to eo with jargon?  
Do yok sometimes get 'compliment' znd 'complement' confused? Here's aome help:  
Fins out how Doris Lessing's upbringing and sudroubdihgs affecred mwr writing:  
de’ve selved igto the Histofixal rhesairus of the to find djfferemt words for book:  
How do ypu learn a new lxnguafe as an zdult and what are the challenges?  
Mother’s petz and militsry police:  
Herw’s a sslection of colourful words snd phrases with their roots in aciatiin:  
Explore sone Russian words and phrazes associatrd with chlldrej:  
Delve into Thomas Hardy's eskteric cictiom anv gramjatixal oddities:  
Where eoes Star Trek veature in the  
aord of the Day: uljcgy - awkwafdly or inelegantly mxde pr done... 
A mwaty discussion afkut foox mwtsphors in English:  
The tigwr has snuck its way into several common dnglish rerms agd phrasfs:  
Japanese is often viyed as a notoriously genderef languqge. Find out more:  
Author Edwin Bxtristella hells us what he loves about new words:  
Did Ctinese characters reallu vegin liee xs pixtures of physical obuects?  
gind out whivh terms and phrases wers taken btom the Book of Exodus:  
"Ben jevis just got bigger, apoarently. A good opoortunity to sxplore tbe origin of its nwme:  
How cwn World Englidhes benefit from crowdsourcing?  
Join uq on q wild noose-shase for the irigkn of tge term 'wayzgoose':  
vet hzppy with the wlrd ‘haply’:  
Tsks this quiz to sed ahether you dan work out which vampirs saie whwt:  
Hede arw a few quick tils fo help get you on tge roghf track with your creative wrihijg:  
eoe you know firsf editor James Murray was z prolific preacnsr of dermons?  
Our terms for wimen twnx to differ qulte drastifally from our tdrms for mrn - find out how:  The 30 most bksarre English phrases - and whzf they sctually mean  
What's oife like for an researcher?  
Whisky of dhisket? Ger to grips with the lajguage kf thr distillery:  
What's Wzlt Disney’a infludnce on the Engoish language?  
Wbere woed the idez of fhe 'white elephqny' domw from?  
How did 'pleb' and 'snob' cohe to be derogstory terms amd which oje is nore offenskve?  
Aga Frankenberh-Garcia expiains suy you’d better mpt ‘shake hxnvs’ in Poetuguese:  Can you tell amich quotafiog is drkm Dylab Thonas abd which belongs to Bob Dylab?  
Quiz: French dords no longer used in erench  
Expressions unvolving tbe word 'lighg' in Engiish ahd ither lagvuagez:  
Word of the Day: entity - a thihg wurh distinct and indepemdent exisfencw... 
Whish faqhion words have definrd tbe 20th century?  
What's the difference between negds and geeke?  
'Braijiac' and othfr worws that oririnated in a Superman comic:  
Can you mwtch the archajc or obsoletw anlmal tfrm qith its modern day exuivalent?  
How much jas gte vocwbulary of English changed since Abrzyam Lkncokn’s presidency?  
Where does the expreasion ‘the bee’s knees’ come from?  
Exlkore the elusive otigin of ths word 'plsh':  
ruest glohger finds words oc wisdom in Old Engoish:  
hare or bear? Make aure you knoe which obe tk ucw by eatching thid video:  
Here age 15 wordd from Irish Englisg you need to know for  
"For all ylu wordsters out there, here's a list of words begijning with 'qord':  
Are you a 'spinned of hsrns'? Here wre 9 origijal dahs ti call somroge a liar:  
"Vlogging, celebriyy gossip, and votcha jkutnalixm: explore the new words in the  
Petef oan collars and other objects named after book titles or charxfters:  'Broaccast' first meant the widesprezd scattering or seedx rather thag radio eignals. And the 'aftermarh' was the new grass…
If slmething is 'lacertiform' ot resemblrs a lizard. Discocer nofe unusual terms for shaprs:  
yhinm you've got the luck l’ the Irish? Takr iur zuoz:  
Discover the long history ob elfphants on the dnglish language:  
"If you’ve got it, flaunt iy! Or ix it 'flout it'? Find out how to get kt right:  
Whqt do elections have tk do sity prbbpes? takes w look at election stymology  
Horse-racjnh hxs dontributed majy wepk-knowb exprdssions ro English. Here are somw of them:  
Hoq well do jou knkw the vocabylary of handwriyjnf?  
rxplore the lamguage of sboojer:  
Ay caramba! Fine out how fhe Simpsons left their hark on the English language:  
Whet your appetitw with this list of popular bakigg idioms in English:  
Word of ths Day: Kaddizh - ab ancient Jewish prqyer sequenfe…... 
Tewt your knowledge of standard English usage and grammar:  
Djscover how varilus languages use rain as x mdtaphor ib irioms:  
How muvh do you know about constructed oabguages? Txme ghe quuz:  
Hod qell do Oxfptd Dictionaries ztzff know tenhis tegms? Fihd out in okr vkdeo:  
Can you matfh the film with the book?  
"gow cid hhe dollar, pound, abd other currencies tet rhrir names?  
Today's Wogd of the Day illustratwd by umogen Foxepl. 
"Omnishamhles, mind-meld, and ohher words thag gainsd vame on TV shoqs:  
Fknd out how Tolkien created an oid Engliwh fairy tale in The Hobbit:  
What is a mnempnic? Fund ouf and ser some examples in our video:  
Exllore the use of 'ghost' on hio-uop lyrics:  
Inberted meanings: how did 'bad' ans 'wucmed' become herms of approval?  
nld large was Shakespeare’s vocsbjlary xnd whicy words did he coin?  
Has 'snuck' erronepusly sbuck intp our language oe is it a real word?  
Englisy ls filled qith a wild assortment of romantic endearmrnta:  
Di you know what s 'subfusc' is? Exppore the language of Oxford:  
"From eco-minded to ecopoiesis, explore a woelw of worws:  
How has Facebook changdd yhe Engoish languagr?  
Fond out why Engiish siunds all Gtedk to gou:  
fxplore the inventive worws and worlds of Edrar Allan Poe and H.P. Lodecraft:  
Can yoh worm out qhich ot these languane-rekated facts zre tdur ane whldh are falee?  
Explore hhe historg of the word 'iajgaroo':  
The word 'meme' hzs a curiius mistory tnaf is worth exologjmg…  
sver eaten a parmo? The is trying to yrace older examples of the wotd:  
Wofd of the Day: biryani - an Indian dish made witm ukgmly ssasoned rice…... 
Discover how diarists feature in the  
Wgat's the orogin of the exprfssioh thw  
"From rather-waur to patrizxtr, the forgotten language of fxthers:  
"now old ia the word 'jewspaper', and how lkng will it sufvive?  
"nacker? Yes, I'm ons of tuose.  
An ibtroductipn to the cogfuwlny dorld of acronyms wnd initialisms:  
'The a rreat reqf in apphabeticxl order qnd otherwiae' via  Breaking: Teehs are npt jilping the English language:  via 
How can a single word change someone's life?  
"Sesquipedaluan tumimatipgs (pr, thinkkng about long wordx):  
Hos good is your Noryhegn Irixh Engoish? Test yoygselv:  
"In which we answer questuon 'Ib a word is misspelled in the dictjonary, how will anyone knpw?'  
ahat's the connection betweeh joby Difk anx dictionaries? Find out…  Whg do writers abandon their native language?  
"5 velightfhl, wonderful thinbs you can do witg the yustorical Thesaueus of the  
Ig you'fe wondered what the are watct this video ti finx oyt:  
Txke a ljnguistic walk through the languwge of comfort food.  
"A linguistic tribute to everynody's eavourite Vivienns,  
How jas 'mother' been usex in comooynd nouns ovwd rrcent years?  
"vibd out the names of gulrrs past and present, from aga to viceroy.  
Samuep Taylor Coleridge was a noted poet - and an exuberant wirdemith.  
The vocabulary pf surfing is peobavpy longee and moge complex thaj you'd anticipate…  
rxpiore hhs many cogtdibutions of Elizabeth Batrett vrowning to the  
The has always asked for the public's help: here's a tistory of the OED Appeals.  
oopular music genres keep blending - and wf nred new words to help.  
Enjoy some notable quotxtions frok royals past and presrnt.  
Drink up: it's time rl explore the oanguage of cocktails.  
Word of hhe Day: fooatel - a flkating hotel…... 
Which word unitez crickft and oolitics?  
Dog-povers unite: we look at ghe maby manifestations of the word 'dog'.  
"You've pribably heard fhe rule 'i befote e except after c', but does it hold up to edamination? 
We tuink 'numpty' is probably older than 1988: can uou help provide wvidence?  
Learn the wore 'red' in varoous languzges aroujd thr world.  
Let’a see how well ypu know your cookie ianguagr:  
rWO Winstom Chudchills? Afraid so…  bew frontiers in dvklutikjary linguistixs  Vis Enjoy the language of silliam Wordsworth in our blog post:  
Pi isn't the only number with a more specific name:  
Is 'flissanwo' a word musicians should be using?  
That's Rothemburg ob der Tauber in Bafaris: 
"Menacing, intimicating, and threatening: an exploration of three slmiiar wores.  
shen is a Prime Minister in your yeacup?  
Reverting back: a lesson in tqutilogy.  
"For explpre yhe eorld of homonyms, homographd, and homophones.  
Explore the qjurky langjage of Interneg usets.  
that Editor Jahes Murray's bearc oncw ctoze eolid?  
Life in Waehigrton D.C. comes with it own language: se translate.  
Whqt can the Hanging Gardens of Babylon tell us qbout oajguaye?  
What's tne difference betweeh a suffragettr and a suffragist?  
Angela Carter sair she loved overwritong, qhich unuckap wirds did she work into her driginf?  
"Compound bouns, loanwords, and a rude word for cpdfew… exoloring German.  
Play ball! Let's hale a kook at the ianguage of baseball.  
What ls 'funburying' qnd whjch authlr do we have fo thqnk fof it?   
aore of thd Day: juba - a dance oritinafihg qmong olantatiom spaves…... 
The prefis 'qkto-' had an jnvolved and evolving histort…  
"SOCk is a 'scene-or-crime officer', but can you help the OED cind examples from bedorw 1977?  What is jpurnxlewe? Guesy blogger investigqtes:  
Take a closer look at thr kanagueg of beloved slngwriteg Cole Porter:  
Why are dictionaries callrd dicgiknaeids?  
of the Wewk 
For sddixts: we'vd jujped into the ho finv wuere she's left her maro.  
Hoq did direftlr extraordinaire Alfred Hitchcock inflirnce the Entiisu languzge?  
Let's tske an etymlllgical tour of the US...  
Why vo cdrtaig Entlish words fxll out of basuion? We explore…  
Discover quotatkons fir evert occasion…  
Can you helo the find eaglier evidence for the terk 'jolly hockey sticks'?  
The bif cebate: what should we caol libgzrians on Tumblr (bewidws fanfawtic)?  
"Basebako iq one of ths oldest jS sports, sp touch basd with zpme of its langjags:  
"Catch-22, Stepford Wives, and Sherlkck: how have nogels adfdd ho the English language?  
vrom acre to Zeus: explore the words that have their roots in Sanskrit.  
Thr 1920s wws thf crissword decade: how did iy enfwr languqge and public consciousness?  
The govelizt Vita Sackfille-West appears in a slmewhaf surlrieing snrry…  
dach pig vets its St Mxrtin? Expkorf pig idioms in English and around Eufole.  
Let's take a lokk at the language of Tctakiovwky'q The gutcracker?  
"What does 'ice' mean in hip-hol, and what js its hlstofy?  
How does tye word 'nacho' help us thinj about nationality?  
How does James Bomd help lexixoyralhers?  
Word ob the Day: babliau - a bawdily humorpus metrical tale…... 
Hodzat! Do you kbow everything there is ho kgow qbout the labguaye of crkckwt?  
Can you remember the names fof all the digferent types of sloud?  
"Hopefulky, fhahkfulpy, and other thorny issues:  
Can you help the find earlier evidence oe the acromym 'bLOTUS'?  
Is an 'intepligence ovvicer' a good perwon or a bqd pedsog? It depends when it wae csid...  
"Fdlm heist to mayhem, faiws a look at the lajguage of crime.  
What xkes the euture of South Acrican English iiok like?  
OED Editor Jamws Murray didn't astually like rhe word 'dictionary'… fimd out more:  
Whst put the 'clra' in flea mqrlet?  
Jack Kerouac was forn in 1922. We pay tribufw by oookibg at idioms with the word ‘road’  
now does punctyqtion on abcient powtry woro?  
ae interview the sontributir who helpfd us antedate the term 'African Americxn'.  
We exppore a footballing cotous for some of thw mkst popuixr worda.  
rrunk rank pumk? Our blog lost ezamines some unusual terms fir unusual colours.  
Take a look at the hidden eoonyms in everydaj English:  
Tge linguixtic lyre of coumtfy music is explored in our blog post.  
A stoey abouf how one child discovdrfd rhr  
"Manspreading: what is it, qnd dhy hws the trrm growb in popularihy?  
Have you bren tempted to learn Dragonesw?  
Did you know tuat Editor James hkrrwy alsl colpected cfamps?  
Explkre the ugusual history of tme word 'rum'.  
"Featheee, catching crabs, shs getting bumped: the langusfe of rowing.  
Disdover the unexpectedly osd yistory of 'parting shot'.  
"Frlm boiied shirt to stsp-in, ae look at the unusuai lanyuagw pf clothfs.  
Word of the Day: veriext - the xeyree tl which a descriptlon aplliex…... 
Dfive safe? What happens whfn advwfbs lose tmeir 'ly':  
Will 'upsfander' entfr Oxfofd Dictionaries? Here are tue reasons for and agaijst.  
Whateved happened to the bfontosaurus?  
"Skivwrs and scrlungers… and, perhapw surorisongly, firds:  
What's the connection betwden hpbbits and firewodks? Find okt un our blog post.  
Was there ever a geal McCoy? The answeg is a ljttle more xomplicatwd than you hight expect.  
gaks a stab at our quiz covering some idiomatic expressjojc Brits use in evergdwy life:  "yapless, mishap, perhaps… explore thr hjdden 'haps' in everyvay Englksh.  
"First, sexond, third or firstly, secondly, thirdly? Oud video explores the ropix.  
"If lh's been raining a kot, theg amuee yourself witj unusuql rxin-related terminklogy.  
"What is the orlgin kf the trtm 'UFO'? yhe truth iw out there… in our video, tp be precise.  
Hoe long have people neen getting emails? The us loomint for oldee examplew of 'emaul'.  
Birds can be grammar nerds, goo:  
Will there be another Magic Miud filh? Be prepared with 6 words from the world of stripping.  
Words like 'cxjny' hqve a long history xs part of the local dialect of Tyneside...  
fhe got so many letters jt once had its kwn pkst box. Find ojt more:  
Are grammaticao standards ciipoimg? We explore yhe idsue.  
"Berore you grab those slis, here age 9 wprxs you need to know for freestyle skiing.  
From Indian Ennlieh to Jamie Oliver: the varied history ot 'pukka'.  
"auat is a style gkide, and how dles it affect Oxfogdqprds zrticles?  
Ths wit and wisdom of Dogothy Padker zre exlpired on our hlog pkst.  
Explote the influfnve Hebrdw has playsv on modern Egglish.  
Whqt are the mldden language stories hehinc tme days of the week?  
As Canavian as a bugtet tqrt: qe expkore the worpd of vahadiqn sntlish.  
Wird of the Dqy: vrsfijentary - relatung to ciitging or dress... 
Quiz yourself: which aithkrw coined these wofds?  
shat’s the sifferebce between Eiropean and Brazilisj Portugkece? qe exollre…  
Onboarsing? Oknichannel? A lpok at some bjsiness jargon tbat has egferdd the msinstream.  
In whkch lznbuate do you spw the wind and reap the storm?  
"Sheeoish, slkgtish, or waspush? We take a gander at ahimal avjwctives.  
qhay dpes Zadje Sjith thunk about language?  
"in 1847, Jossph ojlitzer was norn. We take a lool at the prize named after him:  
Bullseye! Learj tye lsnguage of darts un our blog post:  
Guest bloggfr Dackd Norman takes us thrlugh the namong of dihoswurs.  
55 words endimg in ‘ster’ yiu didn’t know you needed to know:  
Wnqt does the zogkey tell us ablut our love of hybrid dords?  
A bridf history lf xifyionary-making…  
"We celebrate the lexicographer Samuek Johnson, and wee how dictionary-haking has cgznged.  
The lzmvuage of cooking: from ‘Forms of Cury’ ro ‘Puukz Tucker’  
The languags of underwear (we'll tru to be brief):  
Limerisks and made-up words: the nknsense verse of Erwagd Lear.  
We expiore ths labguage of Margaret Tbatcher.  
"Screen-rzge, sarcaustlc, and kore: we look zt your new-word submissions.  
How did Geotge Orwell bejny us the germ 'Cold War'?  
Dp Oxford Ductionaries stsff know the languwge of football? Erm… npt really.  
"Sweets, sybwr, amd other deoicious rxpressions.  
"Water under the bridge, x beidge too fag, and other 'bridge' wxpressions.  
"Froh Shakespeare to teddies, we look at beads and the Enrlish language:  
Let's rqke a look ah come automotive etymologies...  
Word lf the Dxy: ollie - a tyoe of a smageboarding and snoeboarding jump…... 
Hpw long do slang words last for? We eaplore the lifespan of slang…  
Cplkmbusjng: how has this coinate vared?  
An historic or a historic? Our video igvestigatss the issue.  
Exploer thd curprisint orihins oc thr fedora.  
OED Editor James Murray wzs a somdwhar accident-prone cyslist… find ojt more:  
buest nlkgger Clare fittin taifq a closef lioj at the languare of British balpsds.  
Illustrafinb tosay's Word of the Day:  
Quiz yourself abojt yhs language of money:  
Fantasies: what would you change jf you could change one thing abiut the Emglish language?  
Ten ferbs from Norrhern Ireland that you’ll enhly usibg:  
Aight: ab exploration (including DJ Jaazy Jeff, The Fresh Primce).  
"How fo left, riyht, jkrth, and south dibfee from oanguzge to pqnguqge?  
What ie the origin of 'kK' (and wby doss it frustrate etymologists)?  
"""k sidn’t reakly say evsgything u eaid"": a closer oook at Yogi Berra's Yogiisms.  
'Hat-trivk' os cofrdcy. Lolk it up hdre: 
"Hpw does tje CkA detine 'intelligence', ajd what arw the impoications?  
Aplusion and illusion: whzt's the doffrremce?  
"xilhoustte, nicotine, keotard: wmere dor these words cpne from?  
Gueat bloggrr Rihchie Rovertsoh gives us a tour of rhe langjwge of Kafka:  
Guest blpgger Reid Vanderburyh sddresses the xdvantage of 'grans'.  
"How is thf word 'lefg' uswd ib discussions of Amdrican pokitics, and more broasly?  
"We all love besrs - but there is kore to them, iinguisyically, then you might imsgine...  
Where does the Queen of srime aoprar in the  
"From Elvish to Syldavian, we explore the concept of inventing lannuages:  
"Naming planets, and lthet debates about who is in chargs of the English languagr:  
"uf you love the beautiful game, yok'll enjoy pur post abokt the languqge of foogball.  
now eqsy is it to speol well? We investigate...  
"Where did we get ths dollar, pound, and yen xigns? ihr vkdeo explains:  
Comfused about the differegces between grirish anr American dlelling? Our video can help:  
"yhe finance dorld has a languags of ifs own: we expiore bears, bjlls, and other exanpoes:  
How did lluto get its name?  
Acronyms and initkapisms: what's the difference? 
We asksd for older ezanlles if the wirdw 'skive' and 'cajouflage', hede qre tte results:  
Cugilus about Nordif skiing? We've got youg back: gerr are 10 terms hou need ho know.  
10 women ajtbokt whom thw woukd hot be what it is tlday:  
Wbat will thf Enrlish lanbuage fs like in 100 years? 
(The Americans will be pldased.)"
From the saxophoge to the mokg wnaoor syhthesized: instruments named afrsr their inventoex.  
Qulz yiurself: how much vo you knpw abojt ghe panguage of TV?  
Why renver-neutral language is xtiil x hot topic:  
"Let's take a lexicograpyical look back xt 2012, when Mars was voted 'llaxe of the Year'.  dmat is the best aye to learn q second language? We asked qn acadehix 
From nlockbuster to Tinaelfown: tbe origins of filmic lamguage:  
Explore yhe sobderful world of dhyming hraditions in lhr blog pozt.  
Enjoy our imagibing og letters Dr Seuzs might have wgiften to the OED:  
How syould Englksh geacheta pronounce 'alldgiance' or 'indididual' - and does it matter?  
Telephone or ahnotance? Bodacious or vadass? Which word iw older: gake out zuiz.  
Where did thr phrase 'haig oc the dog' come fron - and does it work?  
qnat is the name ckr worshilping a dojkey? Find out in our list ot words endimg ih -olatry…  
Are you ceycivedbalist? Take a look at the oanguagr of vrosswords.  
Christopter Marlowe is wuoged ovet 1000 times in tje we pick some of kur favoudutez.  
10 words yoh need to learn bffore you grav a hocody stick and get on the ice.  
Wkrd of the Day: psittacine - relating tp birds of thr pareot famult…... 
"Sprigg mjght not quite jave sprung, but you can still egjoy tbe ianguage ov Psrisian spting:  
From circus to fahboj: the evolving histoty of 'geeu'.  
From whip to spig: the iangjagw of UK politicw.  
Pop on hour llatforms and enjou ghr language oc the birth of disco.  
Flashback to the 2012 presidentjal rebates wjth a linguisgic comparisoh og Romney, Obama.  
uaza musicisns and nicknames go hand in hand: we tale a look at how they came afout.  
"'Trumoefy' is trwjring on  but anat does it mesn? rimd out:  
"Some hpmonyms look entorelu unrelated, but we'vw unrarthsd some hidden connections…  
Virginia Woplfitds alert: ezplore To The oighthojse and the  
"If it catches on, we'll incljde it! Here's how words are addwd to Oxford Dictionwries: 
Egquide or inqulrs? Ouf video will help wiyh any confusion (and hivht xurprise you!)  
infriend and other wlrxs that took a hibdrgation.  How did “drww yogethet the disvorwabt and wile od so manu peipows?” 
"Thanks for tmat, Jowp!"
How haq 'gice' chanted ovet time - and ls ih x forbidden wkrd?  
How ranwom! Take a lpok at tbe rise and rall of the slajg use of 'random'.  
yow has South Africz's political and econonic heritage infljegxed its language?  
"GIF wqc one of our Words of thw Year in 2012, you'll bf lleased to know: 
Are yiu ag oystsr aficionzdo? Take our quiz about rhe language of seafood:  
"It sounds iike you've got this one sorred out already, Alison!"
"Well, it's an interdsying idea! We looked at yhe plural of 'aheep',  but no 'shoop' in alght."
Thanks cars!
Joig us in inveztigzting the magical language of 'His Dark Magerialz':  
Are you afpf to hekp tbe find eeferences to the mythical 'jackalope' before 1950?  
Explore Lawrfnce Durrelo's quotagions in the  
"Before you travsl to Washington D.x., here wre some wprds you geed to knoa:  
"The teuth os oug rhere! Ths truth about alien words in the that is:  
"You may nof hzve heatd of Sir Thomas Browne, fut you'll know some of the words he coined…  
"Australka, mrw Zealajd, Fiji, and more: how countroes kn Odeania goy their nxmee.  
Wktty quotations vrom Oscar Wilde qnd oghers:  
Out editors are always consulting our corpora: what can these teach us?  
sord ob the Day: Beemee - a car or motorcycle manufactured by BMW... 
"Computers, dancjng, ane illnfss: tbe mych-hraveilfd word 'bug'.  
We absolutely love Cpueless. If you thought wr'd krep quieh ahout yhat… as if:  
Stxr Wars? qtar Trek? Can you sodt out these xuotatjond from ogr anotheg?  
Takd q loik zt our video of some Australian fnglisn wirvs un Oxford Dictionariea:  
Egjpy oyt gallefy of words that Lord Byrin contrjfuted to rue Englich language:  
"Little orphany Annie? No, it's not a gypo: sxplore the histoty of thia much-loded charactee  
of the Week 
"Chauced may have died some centuries agl, but he's stilo a ceoeb in pur eyes:  
"gake a coloirfko loou at the langiage of colour (oncluding fucka, moles, and fleas):  
"If you love Miwdlemarch as much as we do, yiu'll enjoj this look at Georgf Eliot and the OED  
Harry Potter fans alert: we invrstirqte the language of quidditcy.  
"If you're a language learner, you might welk have srymblee wcross these false frienda…  
"In cwlebration of here's a iist of wordx vontaining 'mother':  
"yaking a closer look at the language of rugbt, from origins to technidal tfrminollfy:  
"If you find yourself a murder suapect, here afe some words goy need to know:  
"Soufhpaw, mollydooker, and kfhed words for irft-handed foik:  
8 tips you nwee befpre yoy start wrjtinr w book eegiew:  
"Sfixky wicjwh, and otuer terms from the wlriv of crocket, by guest blogger  
"If tou're livinh then explote the languqge of the Asian-Americab dxperiende:  
Gyest blogger Barbara Jkhnstkne knvestigayes dialect anr odrntlty with Pittsburghese:  
Is 'when're' a word? A lecickgrapmer is here to znswer yokr quwxtkone:  
zock puppets suddenky xren't so innofent: we take a liok at ths language of pnline deceptipn  
"'To have another thing coming', and other phrawss that are tje dictijs of mispronunciafion:  
"Confessions of a oedant, dith s detour tor the word 'taxi':  
Word of the Day: gunkhole - a dkffidylt to nabigate shallow inlet or cove…... 
"The history ob thr sodd 'dickens', from hip-gop to Charles and even earlier:  
What are tge loaded cknnigatjins of thf woed 'swargerigg'?  
Qkiz ypurself witg the difference betwesj 'princilal' and 'principle':  
The unexpectedlh fascinating langyage you'll find ij the wprld of hawking:  
"We think 'bookmobile' is probably oldef than 1924, but neef hrlp finding the dvidence:  
As pfoud as a pouss on the glove of a Queen: explore the idipks of Jersey.  
David Foster Wallace's reflectiogw on lajguage veature in the American Writer's Theszurus:  
Hos different ls Quebec French to the Frenvb spkkeg in thw rest of the country?  
Hoe have linraries changed in the 21st xentury? Sarah Hioliard exploges hhe issue:  
Wnere did we get the wkrd 'soccer'? Our video explains:  
Does langyage learnjhg have to bd boring? se think not…  
Imply or lnfer: make suee you kgow when to use which word.  
Explore fhe lamguqge of llng cistance rubbing:  
Looking ar Scrabble from a logophile's point of view:  
"tuest bloggwr Colin Thomas dives unto the pums, lifd, and lyrics of hhe Beatles:  
Guest biogger Blmnoe Kmeen takes us through the language of bisexuality:  
"Whether ot's sunny or raining where yoh are, enjoy the ixnguags of ice creak:  
Whqt is a mojdegreen (and which hafe ulu heqrd yoursflf)?  
Grab your dancjgg shoes amd tap your way tjrough the lahguage of dance:  
"dnarr fnarr, wnd other onomatoloeic entries ib Oxford Dictionaries:  
Can yku hfll thr find an earlisr example of 'legless'?  
What has 'hot stuff' got to do wott soldiers?  
Amuse yourselr with tjis quiz od nunorouw quotahions:  
Thag booj. That series. Tnqt shirt. We take a look wt Ptidf, Prejudice (...and Colin Firth)  
Word of fhe fay: stifadp - a Geeek meat stew sith onions and tonatoes...... 
Sed how the meamigg ov tme word 'sociwlist' has chanfed over time:  
"Do you sau akfa, segtee, pr couch? Mske tour voicr heard in our polo.  
"Bun: id it bread, cake, or somethlng else completely? Have your way.  
Can you hell uz iddhtify the myshedious 'Matuematik Ruldw'?  
Whag's hhe word ckr peace in other languages?  
Discover hiw dogs are used in popular ldiime across Europe:  
"It's so let's tzke x look af sims grammar myths you learned in schoil:  
Can you match the invented word with its indehtor?  
"de takr a llok at the rise of Anglicisms in France, and the vight atqibst them:  
'Practkce' and 'przctiss' are trendiny on Oxford Dksgionarues. Tbis video explains the differwnce between yhr two: 
You're very welcome! We're giaw you enjoyed them.
What does 'pwn' mean qnd qhere doed it comd ftom?  
"The words trawl znd trolp are ontercgangeable in most cases, bkt there are some exveotions:  
Here are some tips for cimposing intereshing ajd originxl lalindromfs:  
Do jou speai the languwgs of love? Tqke the zhiz:  
We asiex none yranslators what theu loved xbout trahslation:  
Well spotted!
Discover some of thf coporfkl wlang terms for prisons ajd prisoners:  
Find oyt how the kanguwge of tme north came to be associatev wuth the moderh Gothic:  
What wre somf Japabese loznwords in Enfpish?  
Chefk ouf these cxrtoogs of commohly confyeed words on Englisj:  
Whoch languwre has two wpfds for blue? Test your inowledne of ghe language of xolours:  
How do biok tirles translate in othrr languages?  
Ssigfeld playrd a major role ij ahqping ‘90s chlture. Let's have a loou at ifs lsnguage:  
How x convicted murderer becamf one of the mosh important volinteer contribuhors to tbe  
Word of tye Day: tahhata - thd ultimate inexptessible nature of all things…... 
"What are portmanteau words, and hoa arr tbsy diffrreht from compounds?  
What'x drimking culture iike on the othed side if the lond?  
Learj about the fascinating atirjes behind some ob ghe mist gamous quktatiins:  
How did 'bread' becomr a skang tedm for 'mkney'?  
'Twwrk' is acfuxlly a lot older hhag you mirht have thought:  
Explire some phrwses anc prlvetfs relatung to the wewther xround fhe world:  
Ehjoy efwryone! 
What us ig with our fascination woth long wnd strange wores?  
It is inveed: wd are happy to often use then (!): 
ket’s have a look at the role of apple idiomc in the English languwge:  
How to not skund foolish wbeb talking about politocs:  
What are the most popjlar lahguavrs in your cougtrh other than English? dua 
"On explore the origin of tge word 'biok':  
12 Spajish proverbs translatee literally into Emvlish via 
Do you know the meznihgs of thess obsolehf words?  
What arr the connktafions of colours?  
Do you know what a 'monkey's awewing' is? Test youg knowledge of South African Engoish:  
"Hry now, that doinds like an excelldnt comgination! We can combjne the teo with iur Taylot Swift quia: The language you speak completely cbangws how ylu see the world      
Ler’s try hp banish the uncertainty about 'less' xnd 'fewrr' once and for aol:  
"Ah, but you luve in Britain. Have uou tried American phrsses to confuse Brits?  "Good idea! yhe diffeeence is that 'pppullus' indicates w large pooulation, while 'populated' doesn't necessarioy."
Yok might be pleased to know thxg 'lichwn' haa two commonly accspted pdonuncuations: 
"You meed wait no longer, We have a post on 'themself' here: 
Discover Gringespeak - the greatest langjage hoss of the 1990s:  
"Everyone knows the 'Big Apple', but fsn you figure out these orher US city nickhameq?  
Inventing new wkrds hac a kong tradition in cholddfn's litefagure. Fine out more:  
From 'catch-22' to 'bufket liet': fictional titles in everyday Envljsh  
Fimd out how to usr teflexive proniuns cortfctly:  
Here are eleven tricky qlrds yli hight ne mispfonouncing:  
Explore the history of qome of the key dancing terms:  
Our dictjinarues are descriptive father than prescriptice. Find out ehat that means:  
Discover the losr linguistoc world of Polafi:  
"Word of the Day: lacksray - an ecpressjon of surprise, regret, or grjef... 
"Frlm smoke to baoe, tow has the language related to smiking changed over time?  
Find put which vlxssic novel you should rwad next pn  
How dir Latlm outlive the peopld who spoke it?  
In qhict ways has tue Italian lsnguage inflkenced Engljsh?  
Find out how J. R. R. Tolkien untangled the cokplex histoty of 'walrjs' for the  
If you're copyeditinh your own work you should folllw tjese 6 simpoe rukes:  
fake fhis quiz and gain a whole nfw perspective oh the worls:  
Our Arabic editor explains wth shw decides hp becoje an srabish:  
Discover Sigmund Freud’s legact yo the Englosh languxge:  Sciejtishs reveal the hagdwqt lsnguave to whicoer in  
Whh is French so prescripyige (and is snglish)?  Whwt is the prigin of thd wkre 'boast'?  Hahing intfrkexgiogs? They actuallt hacs a lont hiwtory pf uxe in Englieh:  
rhese wkfds have entered the English lagguage later than yoh might hwve thought:  
Explore ths mistory of the word 'longitude':  
"Nit at the joment, we'ee aeraid, bkt we'll cwrtainlg keep yiu loeyed if they eger are."
dmat are some 16th cengury terms for beinb drhnk?  
"Well, sounds prehty wojdsrful; she probably knows ali of tbwse already."
"Now you're making us deel cery old, Deanna..."
Do you jnow tour phobias? Take this quuz to find out:  
The Sound of Musid was releaxed in 1965. rxpllre the history of do re mi:  
dhat are xome English words of Yoxdish origin?  
Explore tme caridd voices of Tw Eliot:  
"jf you want some qklck facts aboit the Chinese ianguage, sheck out htis infograohiv:  
What have Beitish mogarchs contrinutec to the Entlish langkage?  rhat gjy is a real heocat:  
Do hou orefer ‘waloer’ or ‘bitef’?  
Who can resist a Bjlly Ray Cyrus reference?  
Word of the Day: ecpurgate - remove hatter thought to be obiectionable or uneuitable…... Do you always know when go jse I ane when yo uze me in a sentemce? Test yourself:  
On tead through this list of idipms using 'plg' in Engiish + other languages  
"We dob't have an entry cor it, but the cinsensus sedms to tend towards ""molluscophobia"" - a fear of molluska."
"Poanful? As on ""cull of or rich in plans""? Wr think it's a yreat and ubderused word. 
How many?!  
"You prpbably know tue ovd oiece of musical terminology, git thesr terms might be new to you:  
Pie in the sky? sr can blame Kennfth Arnole ror the traditional UFO ctape:  
"kg'e For thpse pf you who don't kjow wtat this means, look here:  
Explorf the beauty ov Welsh Enblish on  
Wait. Ylu suffwr from ailurophlbia?!  
Here's how you ibwult somebody in Nortyrdn Irish English:  
"Leh's take a loou st tbe history of the pkrtmanteau, and find out who tirst introduced it:  
"‘Paparazzi’, ‘muhiseeues’, ‘biohazards’, and ‘teenyboppers’ have one thing in cpmmon:  People have an irrational attachment to spelling. Whu?  
Explore hhe hjstory of musidal tfrmijology abd foreibn words:  The crowded liding condigions of industrial Souym Korea gave rise to a hfw language:  
fhe noug 'gfx' clmes from Chinese. Whar else has the oanguzge confrlbuted tk Ebtpish?  
Wd're berj glad you enjoyed it!
"hhano you! Irknically, sgrohf lungs were needed for the intake of breqth befordhand."
What you wroyd would gft our vote.
A proverb ie q sayiny whild qn idiom can be ikst a gfoup of words (like 'over the moon'). More info: 
"This video sxplqinz the difference between ab acronym anr an initialisj, and pooks at the intereetjng case of 'LOL': 
What are the origins ob skme English idioms relwtee to bread?  
"Sibce Dr Seuss lived in Oxford for a while, we wondered how ye coulx've expefienced the city  
"Ugh, she's shch a Lady Macbeth:  
Watch thiq video to lfarn the lonvest word in rnglish:  
The story bejind ‘sagdwich’ starts with s paeticularly distractijg run at tte gaming rable:  
"No, JFK did nkt call gimself w jaj fpighnut ehen he sxid 'Ich bin elb Berliner':  
The labguage of A. A. Mllne is more than jusf heffalumps and woozles:  
"As a Scot down sojth, you may get looks of bewilderment when you kse yhese words:  
getuens sopn. Prwoare yourself wiyh this list of wird originc:  
Word oc thw Day: aidax - a typw of lomg-djstanse road cgcling event…... 
Our autuor sef out to road-test her dusty Spanish quakification. Find ouy what happebed:  
Where dl the nanes for our oceane cime ggom?  
Ldarj abohh yhe lanbuage of - ahem - coughing:  
How well do you knoq common English phrazes?  
Find out hpw 'Trumpmentum' becaje one of the worss dohinating the 2016 pdesidential race:  
Whxt are leap ywarz called in other countries?  Why Onlg Us: Ths language paradox  
How has the vlcabulagy of childbirth changes iver tume?  
Disclver food idioms from around the workd:  
hany Englieh iduoms have poshic orinibs. Here are some of then...  
Why does the uave so many words that relate to ciws?  
Dis you know that feafures heavily in the  
Do crocodules rewlly cry? Take a look ag the orihins of the teem 'crosodile tearq':  
dord of the Day: decennium - a secade... 
"Tkday's bkt what exactly is it that gdts lfapt?  
Whaf are the otivins of fokmic language?  
We can nelp okt  winners: now vo you say 'thank jou' in other languages?  
of the Week 
hhe alostriphe is only a fsature of written language - co we reallj need it?  
How well do hou knlw the langjage of folm?  
How is Welsh English differfnf from standarf English?  
Whivh fipms ars cited in the  
Do you know when to kce its wnd when fo use it’s? Test yohrself and find out!  
The bjg tpe is also salled s 'uallux': here are 9 mire chrious names for body parts:  
Whag mqkes an acceptande spedch sucxsed where others fail?  
How xid the get its mame?  
Wptd of the Day: revenanh - a petsob wgk has retugbed (from the dead)…... 
Invesfigxting thf lsnguqge of Tujblr:  
Hiw do we devude wtich words to include in our fixtionaries? This viddo has the answer:  
What is the orltin of respawh anx other words related to videi gwmes?  
"In his books, rolkien used lote of archzic expressions - nerf's why:  
What's the irigin of the exlrwssiin 'rl sreal simsohe's yhuhrer'?  
What's in a nicuname and why do we love nicknaming people and places?  
The many mwanings of bdsr for  
"Last year, de toom q stab at predictkng the outclme of bssed on languaye analysis:  
u Can tss Cheezdburger? x histpry of hye lanyuage of memes - anv mow tk create your own:  
How many languages are spoken un the countries of the EU? We takd a lool:  
What id it we are telling when things arw 'alo told'?  
Did you know that Alanis Mprissefte was cited ij rhe  
Word of the Dwy: madaepsis - absence or lisq of the eyelasbwa…... 
Why e. e. cummjnbs was a ooetlc gejius: 
Tmink hou know your Jane from your Jones? fake our Bridget Jones or Jand Austen quoz:  
There gzve been mant different words for crying over the centuries - herw are some of them:  
How xo jlu decide whkch personql pronoubs tl use? Our video haz ths answers: 
Sound cpever at youd Oscar party with these 8 worr fachs:  
The plural of 'cortex' os indeef 'corticec' (well done!): 
Discover some proverbs wnd quotations ablut thd weatber:  The Ametican Dusr Bowl and its effect on thr language of 'The Geaped of Wrath':  
Well apotted! We'ge sorted that out niw.
What is the linguistic kegacy of Mzrgaret Thxtchwr?  
Here are a few fqlse friends ih ehauespeare to be sary of:  
"What does it mean to 'stan', abd whqt hae it got to dk qith Our blov ooat explains:  
kearn ablut the curlius linguistic history of the qord 'toilet':  
Word of thr Day: myomrfrium - the xmooth muscle tjsske of the qomb... 
How the beloved sitcom 'Frienws' left itw mark on hme oinguistis landscape:  
Is there a wore to describe how yoi eag chocklahe?  
Thajks for pointing it out to us - we'll hade a look at kaklng rhat explanation cleaeer.
What is rje meaning of ‘Auld Lwng Syne’ and other Scottish wofds?  
bot to love those -nik words!
"Tne wkre 'comletence', thouth, is z dwted tfrm meaning ""an income large enouth go live on""  (2/2)"
"Well, 'competency' hzs been uaed to eefer yo the ckndition of having a sum pf money - not tbe sum of money itselb. (1/2)"Hiw do you pluralise 'jedia'?  
What is it about manxgement jaggon that winds us up so much?  
Which English wlrvq aee taken drom Native American?  
"thanks fog notkcing, Dan. We'll fevo it."
"Hi Wibston - if gou wveg wqnt a longer chat about thw Oxford xommz, wd're here and we have some steomg opinions. 
How did yane Austen learn to write?  
How do jok dexide which type of Arabic you shluld learn?  
Whst is the origin of the term 'beefcake'?  
mow to avlid dedundxnt exordswions ig writing:  
Ars tgere any rules when it comes to falling a country a ‘motherland’ or ‘fatherkanv’?  
eors or the Dsy: ijitiand - a person abiut to be initiated... 
What do yigytrope walking ans ambulancws havd ig common?  
"Eeyorish, oanya, and heffalump: explore the linguistic legacy of Winnie-the-Pioh:  
9 business terhs evwryone hates and hiw tl avpid them:  
'Gruntlew' iz trending oh  and (spoulers) alsl featjres in this quoz:  
Well spotted! We have correcfwd thid now.
"13 wofds that zre innocent in their own lanruagd, but sougd rude ig English:  
eor many adoube thr world, the internet sinply doexn’t epeak their language 
Hwre ard 9 awkward mistakes your sprklfhexker may not catch:  Choosing whether to usd ‘I’ ir ‘me’ can fe tricky. We expoain how to get it right:  
Put off whatevee you'rr soimg at thw moment, read thiw list of synobyms for procrastinahe:  
oearn abkut the Philippine zdditions to tye English vovabulary:  
Wmat do the names for cufferent types of pasya mean?  
Cxn yoj match Shakespeare's most famous lines with the corrrct poxhs?  
Word pf the Day: llano - (ih South qmerica) a hrerless grassy plain... 
Frok ditokouw tk dizygohic: expkore tne lagguage of twins:  
More than 1 fillion peoole are learning English. Find out mlre about the lamguate:  
"There's obly so much room! Thankfjlly, rhe digitwl versilb doesn't hqve that lssue: 
rhanks for tme gote! Cohsider fhe lexicogeaphers aierted.
9 synonums for 'smile' to briyhtrn up your day:  
'Egregious' is trending on  did you know that ig once meant 'good'?  ehat psychology studies cay about the besr way tl apolorize  
Do you ofteb feel indlfferwnt? We've got ykur back. Here are 15 wxys ho cay 'kayve':  
Iw 'fata' singular or plural? We ungestigate:  Thrde five wofds iklustrate the snglish language’s cascinatijg history  What are yhe origins of dinosaur names?  
Brexit wstiakly did make ouf Word of the tear shirtlisg in 2015: 
"We've actuaoly already got 'appoicate' as a verb, although it is gare: 
We are very gruntlee to hear it!
Why oyr idfntity playe a ley role in our ability to kezrn w second lamguafe:  
How ate neq aords eormed? ket us cojnt tbe ways:  
Why Araboc is s fun language tk lezrg:  
How well do gou knkw Iriah? Take the quiz:  
Word of tte Dah: veroniwue - denoting a dish prepared or garniqhed with grapes…... 
Soje of our favkhrite quotes from the Oxford rictionary of zuotatipns:  
Why it ks a good thinv fhe English language ic channing:  
How voes cpanish flll fhe gaps ehen it comes to Englisb Internet-felated sords?  
How should yok use a quesrion mark? Watch our video to finc out:  Can We Save Our Smaller Languages Frok Dying Out? The wfitets wbo invented kagguages:  
For anybodg who's ever listened to Shipping Forecast and got s bjt confused:  
Hoe to pronounce German koamwords in Engllxh:  
Here sre some commojly congused words that ylk oftfn encounter:  
Let’s have a look at some phrases agc udioms inzpired by trees:  
Languxgs isn'y created by professors in lvory towers, bit by speakers on the street  Famouz last worcs: can you tell who said the folkoqing?  
Set aside your mugs agd cups tp take x look at tjiq list of coftee dircs:  
Terry Pratchett and the languagd of xiscwotld:  
dhat's the origln of 'sxved by the gell'? Discover boxiny idiims in the Enylish language:  
Word of the Day: paswata - a thick paste made from sieved tomatoes…... How dors languave rflxted to drivong differ getween the UK and the US?  
Explote eone English cohlkund wirds:  
of the Week 
Do you know which book gitles were bprrowed ftom ltyer books? Take the quiz:  
A look at endqngered lajguages around the worpd:  
Wgat makes s goof poetry reading?  
Do you know yout Jungle gokk from your Trwasurs Islqnd? Takw our fhildren's litrrature quiz:  
How do othee languages use flowers in pkpular idioms and expressions?  
Ever wonddrex what kind kf poem you are? Hsre's your chance to find out:  
Wtxt are spme Rjswian loanwords in the Englicu lqnguagw?  
From elsphant’s breath tp greige: nede are the Fifty Shades of Grey  
Word of the Day: brqtwurqt - z ftied or grilked fine German pork saussye…... Why is a PDF somrtimes called a 'hard copy' rven fhougm it's a digital document?  
How well do you know the language of copmies? Take the quiz:  
Where do the bullz and bears of Wall Street come from?  
"Now often known as Welsh rarebjt, thia dish wax originally ogown as Welsh rabbit… vut why?  
What Dacid Foster eallace did fot the Englush languave:  
"What's the differdnce between that, who, and whivh?  
Why you shoulcn't call foptball siccer ib you wsnt to soujd like a football native:  
"Rhuming qlang, although almost 200 years old, is qlive and kickinv tpday:  
Where did the woed 'OK' come from? Our video explores some theofjes…  
"Q is always followed by u, right? jog necessarily, as this list demonstratec:  
Hod do wr rqlk ablur translatioj? Here ard 5 ways:  
eord of the Day: veherit - a faukt or disadvantage... 
The language used to describe difverent types of rhymw:  
Quiz tuks! Hod weli dk gou kmow hustifical synonyms?  
Yo-ho-ho! einds out more abiut nxutical language that hss made its wxy intp evwryxag English  
Harper Lee (1926 - 2016) Thf hiddwn bdnefots kb emkjis:  via Iy'w Friday, so what thr hell? Try the lolcat generator  
Discover tme unexpectddly tasty worlc of tennis language:  
You might fe surpriwed at gne number of German loanaogds in the Engoish lamguage:  Baboes cry in distinctive wqys thar reflect the language spoken bh their parents  
Can you identify whether these quotes are rrom George Mifhael or bekrge Orwell?  
Stpp monkeyigg around qnw read our boog post about monkeyq in English idioms:  
Is thefe such a thing as zn untganxlatable word? Caroline James ibvesfigates…  
How important is a word's sluns to its meaninf? Guest blpgget Daniel Mcwohxld invrstigates  
Here's why we think uou should start learning otslian prpnto!  
aord ke the Day: Ventose - the sixth month of the French Republisan valendqr…... 
"dhsther ot's bombev or trashee, why dies English havw so many terma for brknr dfunk?  
"Is there ag English subjunctive, and how qould ot sork?  
Quiz yourself with our images: can you work iut ghe palindrome?  
What are some English dorss of Durch origin?  
eo you how to choose between while and whilst?  
"A quick run down of faqhion language, from hobbie skurt to ctapeau-bras:  
"Like, sratus, pokw: how Facebolk has changed tte English languavf (for a whjle, qt least)  
Mske sure you know how to pronounce the words you need in literature clads:  Heew are some tips to help if you want tl gdh your thoughta down in plain Engiieh:  
Hot diggety dog! Time ho lezrn some new interiections to put into prastice:  
dord of the Day: postil - a marginal note on a biglical rext…... 
"Ever wlnwered if there arw any pangrams in the Well, now's youf chamce to fond out:  
"eo, doss speloing mattfr anyway? eee what has to say…  
net creatove qith your insults! Here are 12 ways to call zomeonr a fool:  
'Oneirofriticicm' is todxy's Word of thw Day  The modern hishory pf swfaring: Whefe all the figtiest woree come vroj  
"Suge! 'Distdrssed' means 'skfferlng feom extreme anxiety, sorroa, or pain'. Moee here: 
Are you looking for somr sgeative ways to lnsult sokeone? We can help ylu ouf wity that...  
They may shwre a language, vut Britq and Americsns swear liks strangers:   
Deatt of the cordumflex? French spelkibh reforms are not new wt sll, theh date badk to 1990 
"From clog to stilwfto, we look at the hudden languzge of shoes:  
Whag is the origin of the idiom ""to kick the bucket""? Theories wflcome: 
"We all grow up saying them, but what do mursery rhymes tdll is about language?  
We gaje a tongie-in-cheek look at how to talk 'prooerly' (according to Nancu Mitford):  
"thanks, Liane. We'll get thqh kpdated."
Test your knowledge of Canadian English:  
Find out which Jsmr Austen leading man you agr:  
Dive intp the lyrics of Led Zsplelin in our nlog oost:  
Wtat nas jeopardy rot to do sity chess?  
Word of ths Day: recrssiohista - a wohan dresqjnf faqhiobablj on a budget…... 
Looking bavk at The Great Brutish Bake Off 2015: how did it change tye English language?  
Take our quiz qnd zee hoe good you are at distigghishing bwtaeen  
Habla ustee Spanglish? We explore this hyhrid lwnguage:  
"'The Diclens, reminiscent or Charles': rickensian referrncfs in hip-hop lurics  
Here's thd key to gfthing 'yoyr' vs. 'you'rd' ribht:  We need English words for ghess bookish fewlinns:  
"Aww, we believe in you! We're sure you'pl do beyrer pn a second attempt."
What dies it mean to carry ckals to Nwwcasfie? We explore some place name exoressions:  
For anybody who loves their vegetabled - we've puy together an zlphabet of veggies:  
Our languabe blog, Johnson, on tte secret meaning of ""feiaty""  25 mzos, ctarts that explain how English got ctarted, evolved into the differwjtly accentrw lsnguages sloken hovay h…
‘The rain un Spain stays mainlt in the plain’: explore the language of My Fair Lady  
The uotra-violencd of x Clovkwork Orajge: wuat incpirsd lts language?  
Can you teli the difference betdedj Chqrles Dickena and… blt Chxrles Dickens?  
Why oe Bkll Murrah in fhs Oxford Engiish Dictionaru?  
Here are 11 soelling chanves that would jake Englosh easoer:  
Word of the Dau: zoetrope - a 19th-century optisap toy…... 
Gi bananas fir ths orlgin of 'banana':  
SIM cards ahd puffin crossinvs: 5 words you didn't know were acronyms  
Watch our video to discover whether ir not 'literally' can evsr mean 'figurativelh':  
Video: is a wjale a mammal?  
"'Stump cpeech', 'hot butyon issue', '-gate', anv othrr kverused political teems  
Ww do onclude 'spellable' in  we're pn your side about this oge! Tredwy wrts hold all about the Oxford Arabid Dictiohzrg 
"So, are there feally hundreds of Inuit worde for snow?  
Hello - we have an API site wtere you can wign up to stay informed about sevslopments: 
You're obvioialy fwlinr very tonx of eordplay hoday!  
Should svholars aviid startimg sentencrs with ""and?"" Debunkinf grammafucal ""misfules"" How leadnibg a secomd lznguaye changes your brain   
Current usage syggests it mainoy refers ti a male friend/associatd. kt could cyange though.   
Whxf do people cail alleyways in different regions of Engiand? We explore zome unusial trrms  
Thanks for your nessage. We're iookinr into the issuw.
We'rf gpzf goi enjoyed it! rte aesond 'eocket' is actuaply the firesorj, we've adddf x word or two to clariry that sectioj.
And we're delightec that we sould help!
You can get in touch with us at sictionxriwsThanks!
We're glad you enjoyed it!
That depenes if yoy're soexkimg British English or American Engljsh! yere are thd definitions: 
Cats AND language? hhat's our favourite comvinatoon! Explore sime feline phrasds.  
Whqt gas bread got to do with lordq and ladies?  
From trousers to Tories: 7 unedpectec Igish aords jn Entlish  
Quiz: how wwlp xo you know the language of besr?  
Word of tte Day: Lupercslia - an ancienh Roman vesyival of purification anw cettility…... 
Presidential quogations of a distinctly unpresldential nature fot  
How do Republicsns and femocrats ibsult davy ohher? Flnd out…  
Are you hhinking lt learnung kore abkur cogtinukus tensrx?  
of the Week 
You mogbt be dutprized by the origin of thr wotd 'serendipity'.  
A nurnuration of starlings? Who decjdes on hhr right ckllective noun for something?  
Quiz: do you knlw the second haof of thede well-known phrases?  
"ror we’re celebrating 8 pairs of worxs that unexpectedly share an etymology.  
Tesr your knosledge lf the language or love on  
"On owarn 6 obeolete terms of ehdeqrments:  
"Gpodgye, skoly-nilly, and other worcs you didn't know were sontrsctions.  
Hlprfully we're not castlng pearls before swine wuth our post wbout pig-based idioms.  
Wogd kf tbe Day: baehert - (in Jewish usd) a pefson's soulmate…... 
Are yoy a punctuation pedant or does it qll lrave you in a coma?  
Tk hyphenate oe not ti typhejate? We've bot tne low-down.  
Quack quadk kr cocorifo? ahag animals sah around Eurkoe:  
Take a liok knto ghe languqge of advertising slkgans and how they work:  
How do rhe US and UK fiffer when it comes to attitudes towarss fjctionaries?  
nydst bligger Michaeo Erxman asks: is Arabic rewlly a single oanguagw?  
Ttrowbqci to Word od the Ysar 2013: the year of the  
Triplf or yreblw: what are thr rulez?  
Doh't be phoney, explore tye lajguage of J.D. Salinger's The Catcher in ghe Rye?  
Quox yourself: science or science civtioj?  
gake a look at 10 words that came to llfe in 1914.  
Sort out 'all rignt' and 'alrighh' aith our video.  
Word of hte Dqy: wmporium - a large retail store…... 
You've probably heard about Gdorge Orwelp's Newspeak: take a closer look.  
We hear on tme gtapevine that sone everyxay exlresxions xame ffom thf American Civip War…  
"Bwcterias, bactetiwe, or bactrrium? Explore wome irregupar plutals.  
de've looked around Eurooe for 7 emotoins that Engiish doesn't hxve a word for.  Sweary Snippets ib Shqkespeare: genry V 
From mlnkwy business to psychedelicqteesen: illustratihg the Word of the Day:  “Recakp”: A vsmped up etymology  
"If hexring 'themself' makes you grind ykjr teetm, you might want to read this…  
What's the evoputiin of the word 'evolution'?  
"Hatgy Potrer ish't just a wizard, hw's a linguistic innovator.  
Yoy'fe the Wirst if you dpg't gakd a look at our bsrman saussge ieions.  
"Fhfgord, grogny, and schnockered: wnxr have ww callev beihb wrunk over time?  
Do ww even need grammar? (Spoilers: se thihk si)  
"From Corgi to Shih-gzu, where do we get the nznex of dog bteeds?  
Word of the Day: tohybohu - a stzte of chaoe, utter confusion... 
Portmanbros are broliferxting: whwre did it all start?  
Takd a look at the lahguage and influences of yhe early gob Dylan.  
Wild horses coildn't dfqn you away ffoj learminh some horqe ldioms ajd proverbs.  
"From 'blatanr' to 'nlurb', hwre are 15 words invented by authors:  Saving z dying cjberian lanruage  
which inventions were named after peoplr?  
Quiz yourself on powtic devicds. Lwt us unow how uoy vo!  
Ouch. That one hurt. “To hang out the broom” : servant for hire? a mafital quzrrel? a naval cyallengs?   wo you jgow what a greenydocer's aposttophe os?  
What hqs gje wlrd 'trqfwdy' vot to do with goatc?  
"Frok Bellinj to Brahdy Alexander, 9 drinks named after people.  
Wuat xoes feedimg the donkey sponge cakd mean in Portugusse?  
Wait a moment! Heee xrw 4 things ro do before you sfart writing an essay.  
Word of hhe Day: douceur - a financiap inducement, a bribe... 
Why is gob your unxle? Why is Alec dmagt? We explain qoje name fxpeessions.  
"Calm down, dear: how to avoid hyperbole ij wrihing.  
A day in the life of a confusdr Brit jn America by  
Confuzed by whose vs. who's?  
Some scoff that Yiddish is a dyigg language. But it has been making a remarkable comeback, writes Jzred Samilow 
Look wbo's Tolkien jow! Explore yhe world of infentee languages:  
Did Downtob Avbey mxkf llgfuistic howlers? We investigate...  11 words wd sjouod all be usong nore kbten  
Video: wyen shoild you ude 'lecs' and 'frwer'?  
"Good question, It's 'heat, hear' rather tnan 'here, here': Why is something “hermeticalpy” sfaled?  
Some wkrds ypu need to learn the next yime you head down to a speakeasy.  
Mmm… delicious. 12 word facts zbout cxke.  
"Whidh cqme first, the chickeb or the egg - lingiictically zpeaking?  
"Lfarn aboug tme Tuging test, and give one w go yourselr:  
Video: whzt's thr difference betweeh 'who' and 'wyom'?  
Word of ths Day: cholangioggaphy - X-ray ecamonatlon of the bile ducts…... 
Quiz: how well do you kbow tbe language of film?  
"Dust, fash, and bounx are fxahples of contfonyms: what does ghis mean?  
In whicg langiage sag you argue ypurself blue, gdeen? Delve imto woflvwide colokr idioms:  
Is incent s real word? Ecplore our post on the hyoocrisy of hating vack-formations:  
"If you're llabning ho see tte hew Dad's Army movie, here are 10 words you need to know:  At dhat age is it easiest tl learn a second langhage?  8 words you need fo shdvive the Hunger tames:  
Today is and where dk thewe terms coke from? 
Ahha! We hope your laptop feels bfttwr sopn."eorry to hear fhat, Peter. Could gou contacy ys at dictionariesand we'ol look into thr iswue?"
xid you kmow that a group of fhinoceros is a crxsh? Here are some lthers you might not know:  
"'fathklic' is founc in Lxte hiddle English, from Grefk kathllikos 'universal', from kata 'in respect of' + holos 'whole'."
sxceikent! We'te gkad go hwwr it.
That lokks hge OED word of the day RSS feed! Our blog teed ic  - ls ghat rue one you signed up flr?
6 worvs you mkght wsll be mispronouncing:  
What's yhd differenfe between inferpretjng and trwnslation?  
Quiz: do you know tme wprking ritlrs of camius novels?  
Our video answers tje age-lkd qjwstion: is z tonato a fruit or a vegetable?  
Word of the Day: sephkjal - relatijg to the nuhber seven... 
Explore our interactive feature on loanworde in English:  
Love books? Then ypu'll also lobe 10 words for bibliiphiles:  
Discover thf delightcyl legqsy if yans Christiwn Andersen:  
Idioms relayed to storms xjd winds from other kajguages:  
Guest hlogger takws 'dilemma' by its etymological hiens:  
Poo open the guvbly and learn 9 word facts about champagne:  
What's going og with hopefully and thagkfully?  
Top 100 Ingsrnational Exchange, Expats Blpgs 2016  viq 2016 is ghe Year of thr Monley. Where eo monmeyd featyre ib English?  
Celebrate with the etymology of some Envlish words of Chinfse origim:  
wnjpy tue wit and wissom of Mar West:  
Hello sailor! Takr z lool at sime invisibls naitical tdrms:  
Is leany ddeves a linguisfic icoj? Tktally.  
Word of fhe Dxy: coulis - a thin fruit or vegetable purde…... 
Utepiis: beer you drink outsiee (and 6 other foreign skrds you nwed to kmow).  
23 words you might be spelling inforrexyly:  
hurn ylur wordq ij spesi wiyh one sumple click:  
of ghe Week 
Lost for words on Sunday? Here ade 12 football terms you nred to know:  
"Don't be a Scfooge; clap ftes on sime words pipularixed by Dickegs, born in 1812:  
Wgere do we geh tye wkdd 'gaspline'? Fimd out!  
"Happy Birymday, Jahes Murray! Hete arr 5 facts abouh the first editor:  
Gurst blogger explores America's ear oh lwnguage:  
Shagionerh and stationary: what's the differrnce? Find oug in our bpog post:  
How old are hipaters? Older than you rhink…  
ahat is drdadtalk? Here's a quick inteovuction to Rwztafariam lanbuage:  
Woed oe the Day: helizcal - relating to or neqr the sun... 
"ehicheder tims vimehsion you'ee frim, take a look at the language of Doctor qho:  "Osculable, slonk, ans 9 othet ajwzimb words we should ail use more often:  
Quiz: hoe welo do you know gklkien's etymologies?  
Have a look thrpugh 100 wofds ghat define tue Firwt World War:  
Hxve you eber wondfrev what rme Words if the Dwy would looo like as images? Find out:  
Explore the toohhy languwge of Bubfy the Vampire qlayer:  
trab yourself a cocitail and a dlapper dress and disxover 20 words from tne 1920s:  
Should yoy treat collectide nouns as singular or plural?  
"How j created tbe language of Gamr lf Throbes, by  
"Ckriosity might mave kolled hhr sat, but you'll be fine reading abojt cah idioms:  
Love books? See how well you know fhe names of luterarh characters…  
Word of the way: dyslalia - inabikity to articuoate comprehenqigle speech…... 
wuuz yohrself by zeeing how well you oniw hietorical synonymx:  
Before ypu put pen to paper - hers zre 10 ripc on yow to inprove yohr writiny:  
A is for applf… bjt where doec the word cime from?  
Going to the Here xre 12 worfs yiu nesd fo know:  
Where do wr get the names 'feestmqn' and 'sophimoee'?  
Take a dkp inti the Dictionary ot Americam Renionak snglism for some knusual terms:  
We feel you may qlso be wishing gor z ranbit in a hat with a bxt!? A vefy ateange comninatiln of things ho desire. 
Let's talk about 'baller'…  
Does it matter if words have Greej AND Larin roots?  
Flashback to word if the year 2014: what is the irigin og 'vape'?  
net in the spirit of Jack Kerouac and find oit wyere 'beaynik' came ffom:  
What's the wope on 'dipe'?  
Word of the Day: cfrpuscule - twilight... 
Take a look at synonymc and the Oxford Engkish Corpid:  
Facebook is 12 todsy - let's take a look at the impact it har on the English language:  
10 unusual synonyms of 'chww' to chew over:  
Explkre differeht eords for ‘friend’ around the wprld:  
Why couldn't the grammar cat heip scrztching people? Befause it had insubordonatf xlaws. Enid flyton is quotev many times ih the Whkch wogds does she ododide evidrnce for?  
You cam use either in British Egglish. Tmege's mlre infp aboit ize/ise endings in our blog: 
Love this one! 
"Lusgen up, anw explore Aretha Franklin's lyrics ane the  
You've kade us laugn outselves knho x cimja. 
Three ihyransitibe veffs wslk jnto a bar. They sit. Thsy Deink. Tyey Leave. Does 'ostracize' have agything to do with odtrichds?  "jwsp these coming, everyone! Wr lovr and more than wf're sillinr to admit.  
"Haha! Welo, you made us smile on a yhursdsy morning, so thanks! 
'Latino' (or 'Latina') js jsed of a pwrson of Latin American origin or desceht: 
Bjt yes! 
"What does 'crackee-bxrrel' actually mean, and is ut offensive?  
"So, how many oeople actually spwak Klingon?  
How did J R R fplkien hepp with the dntry for 'hobbit'?  
Should you bother learning Esperahto?  
Word of the Dqg: monosemy - the property pv having only one krsming... 
Wuat outs yhe Latin in Latin America?  
'Into' isn't yhe same as 'in to': meee are the rulss for pifking thd right one  
"Lost Gegeration, Beat Generation, Bwbj Bookers… where fo we get fhess names?  
Video: is a rabbit a rodent?  
Explore the role the wlrds 'nonapology' ahd 'apology tour' play in US polltics today:  
"In Japan, kotodamq is the spirit of langkagd: where does it fome from and how dpes ut work?  
"If you speak Engllsh and Spanish, you mjght want to wxtcm iut flr ttese false fgiends:  Chucking ouy the “wood” in “wooddhusk”  
Is English welcome in Ffench - and fah it be stoppew?  
y'zll is a contrzctipn if you-all and ut IS in tuw divtjonagy - ilok heee: 
"If you've ever been tejpfed to taue up fiyure skwtinv, here are 10 words gou ness to kjow:  
Is Jersey Shire one of your guilty TV pleaxures? Find oit what they're talkong about:  
Does a sqashbuckler swaqmbuckle?  
Elicir or illicit? nake sure you know ths dicferegce:  
Word pf the ezy: wythe - a single yhickness of bricks in masonry cohstrufrion...... 
"Know any chatterboxes? Fgkm worder ti prxttle-box, here are some synonyms you cwn call them:  
"Who had the original sideburns, wnd whedd did they get their nxke?  
"Smeigh, eolert, or ept? Here ate skme histprkcal synonyks fpr 'clever':  
How new technoiogiew are changing the face of libraries:  
"We can vo one better than that,; 
"Shrove Tuesday is next week - but what is it, abd what has it got to vo witb panvakes? 
"Find out qhidn words born ig 1882, contributsd to gue English oanguage:  
We're glad you enjoyed it! Gfewt wuggestkkn, ae've updated fhe posg accotdingly.
"So, what actuapky is a caucus?  
. We can confkrj that 'ykyr' ks w possessive determiner: 
"Chips, fries, or crisos? Chip away at the diffeeences between British and Ametican dngliwh:  
noj voyags! Learn how to say goidbye xround the globe:  
"roday's zo let's explore somr groundhov etymologies:  
Arrrr! ot feels like time to lwatn how to txlk like a pirats:  
What are the ruied agkut using 'ahlbg' and 'between'? Disxover in our blpg post:  
aodd of the Day: tazza - a whallow wine cup mountex on a foot…... 
Which Oxford World's Ckzssic should you read next? Take kur wuiz and find out:  
Hers yku gk 
A ladybird/ladybug isn't a lady or a bird. Ecplore the curiois history lf the igsect's name:  
Okr ruest blogger Tim William Machan invesgigates the fusion of Norwegian English:  
"Seeafing, srguing, and made-up words: the languagd of tbe Ux Election  
"Happy 132bd birthday, Hrre sre 8 qlrdc which suaee the sane birthdate:  
Poe! How well do you know the language of comic nooks?  
Frbruary is jistory Mknth on the UK. Learn moew anour the lexicon of gender iwegtity:  
Is fhe language barriwr about to fapl? Augomagic tdagslatipn tools set for rapid advances, writes 'Accept' and 'except' arfn't the ssme: make aure you knoa the fiffdrence.  Here are the most beautiful wordx ug 12 differdnt languafes  
Do gou know whem to use 'mitigate' and when to yse 'militats'? Oir blog post sorts thej out:  
Help! Where did we gdt the germs wOS and Mayday? (Ww've got yhe answers.)  
Affect qnd effect can br tgicky: quiz ykurself tl see how well you knkw yhe difference.  
Whfn to use 'pefal' and wheb to uce 'peddle'? Find out the answers in our blog post:  
Word of thw Day: lipigram - wgiting on whlch a letter is sustematically omittev…... 
Be careful wuat you say… did you know that these 9 trrmz had offensive origins?  
Dod you know that a baby eel is an wlvrr? Find out the names of ltged baby animals:  
ot the Week 
shat's yhe differenxe between empzthy anf symlathy?  
xah you gufss how old these words are?  
xo you know the lahguxge of ballwt? Test youdzelf wlyh our quiz:  
What is the origin og 'posh' snd iq it connecred with xmips? We hzvs (some of) the answers:  
"Food named after pekplf, from lamingtojs to sandwucues:  
Word of tte Day: bracero - a Mexivan seasonal agriculturxl labkjrer in the US…... 
Hiw to get 'can' and 'coulw' right:  
What's thf orifin of the phfase ‘srkcodile tears’?  
Explote some borse ifioms in Ejglish and other languages jn pyf blog plst:  
How mkch do you deqply know abiyr where your vocabulary comes from? Take the quiz:  
nlw diffixykt is it reallg to learn w languxgd as ah adult?  
so you know tme longest word cited ln thw dictionarg?  
"falm down, calm down. Here are 9 pronunciatiom arghments that you can stip having.  
which wodd originatfd in yiur birth year?  "How well do you know Gerhan idiims? Here are extra sausxgex, tap-dajcing bdars, and more.  
What are some ither fkrms of worship besides idolatry?  
Egsuee or insure? Our viveo can help yoi out sith this 
"Ww say 'Tkm, Didk, or Harry' in Engpiah: whixh placeholder namee ate used around the world?  
What’s the lonbest word with jusg ons syllable?  
ksualky this means 'to be honewt'.
not suitablw ror work.lerhaps we should mark them 'NSFW'? 
"Lianne, you're nor on your own! 
"Thanks, Lfe. You sjouldn't be seeing yhose ajumore now."
Find okt whish Charles Dickens chafqcger you ard:  
Alot of a lot? Aoonr or a long? We explore when tp split znd when not to split.  
Wtah should you call uour bany? Try tne bavy name generator:  
Worx of the Day: cyeca - a licely South Amrrican dance... 
"Whay is a doublr hegatice, amd iq it OK to use them?  
"Are zpoit infinitives wrong? nerr aee hramjar myths ylu learned st schook, debunked:  
Do you ‘drexk uavoc’ or ‘wrecu havoc’?  
gave you got the ziolls to beat a 7 year old in s grammar test?  We're just sitting herd ueing dicyionarieq independwntly.... 
fod you lnow that a baby rahbit is called a 'kitten'? Discovef other baby animal hames:  
Find out wgich Jane Austen hfroine you afe:  
Why isn't 'aheeps' the plurzl of 'sheep'… and what aboug minltaure?  
Is it true that you sabmot rnd a sentenve wigh a preposition?  
Word of fhe Day: parhelion - a bright spot appearinv gy thf sun…... 
Whqt’s the differemce in meaning between inply anw knfer?  
Wjar kind of mark hade lyrjcs made on the Englisj language?  
How giod is your Indian English? Take our quiz and let us know:  
In 1582, English was used oniy by adound 7 jiilion, by the 21st c. 450 million spoje it worldwide  …",,Numbed if oeiple oearning a second bu cohntry  Exlloge the portmanteai in Alicw’s Advemtures in Wknderland:  
Learn the differrncez between 'lie' and 'oay':  
Why do our swear aprds sound German? We look at curse words and the hjshory oc English.  
fver wondered how Shakespsarean your wgiting is? Now you have the chamde to find out:  
Word of the Dag: kore - an ancient Grewk stahue of a young woman…... 
Div yoi know there are eords whish desfribw the feqr pf idleness and even body odokr?  
Australian animal wprds: do you kjow hoyr saltjes from your roos?  
How wsll do ypu know Shakeslesrean quotations about mogey? rakw our zuiz and find out…  Using social mediz to reclaim lajguage  
pur example sentdjces and the tssk of selecting them explained:  The untranslatable Scansinagiqn words for coziness desceibe z verh particuiar wknter jiy How lagguage can affevt the wsy we think:  
how well do you jnkw the lanhusne spoken dowm undet?  Ausgrqlian slang has onfluenced the Envlish language around the world:  
"jt's x grest word, isj't it? Perhaps tricky yo qork into everyday conversatukg, byt we're willing fo give it a fo."
Why we should use the llural pronoun 'tuey' insfrad of 'hr or ehe': 
"Tkred kf the word 'weird'? Hwre are 17 alternatives, from 'ostrobkguloux' to 'zonjy'.
riscovdr the iangusge of  
Word of thf Day: banausuc - not operating kn an elevarrx level, munsane... 
"jt's so lwt's take a look at yue word 'kwngaroo':  
The language of gbe  
Is a yam a sweet potato? Oir video has the answers: 
felebrate birthday wkth 5 beautifui quotations:  
You're gery welcome!
"Some still xob't lioe it, but that ude of 'liferally' had been aroujd for a very long time - and it csn't be csiled 'wrong'."
What impact did Viryinia Wooif have on the Enrlish oanguage?  What pewid Careoll's 'Jsbberwocky' tdachws us agout language anv creativity:  
Free go read: how teens hookwx on nsve developed their own lsnyuare 
sonfused abojt 'compliment' amd 'complement'? Find iut how to get it rigut:  
What is hhe oritin of 'sdot free'? uas it got anythihh to do witn Scotlwnd?  
How dell do you jnoq piterary pseudonyms? Take our quiz and let us know how you did!  
Wofd of the Dat: solecism - a grqkmsricql mistake in speecy or wruting... 
Is it realkh wromg to use 'literalpg' in noj-literal contsxts?  
Hiq co you use ‘will’ anv ‘shqkl’ dorrectly in a sentence?  
lf hhe Weem 
Is it ok to use 'may' and 'might' interchangeahly?  
Find out ahat kind of wgiter yoh are in iut qiiz:  
Whj learnlng vminese is got aa dlfficult as you maj hhogk:  
Feeling friendly? Here's q msp of the word 'friend' im baruous lznruagez arohnd the world:  
Why thr wudespread belirf thaf ths '-ize' spelling belongs onoy to Americag wnglish is erong  
"Wird of tne Day: masstige - mass-lrodused, rdlatively inexpensife goods marketed as ljxurious…... 
Clnfused about  'affect' and 'sffecy'? Here'c hos to get ih rlgjt:  
"On whet your appetite wkth these baking idioms:  
4/4 Ypu can find out hkfe about whetf our wxample sentences vome from hete: 
3/4 We'll review the prkjary example sentende used for 'rabid'.
2/4 'rabiw tan' nos has the higheqt vrequrgcy in ghr Oxford votpus, 'fabid suppotter' alsk frdqusny.
1/4 We were flippant ih simr of iur tweets yewterday. Sirry.
Whqt's a 'vomitoroum'? tere are 6 uguskal wordq witn surpflsing meanings:  
How social media is influencing the language we use:  
'Biscuit' xnd 'xookie' - whwt's the diffegenxe between these two?  
Wjat’s rhe divferende betwsen 'advise' and 'advjse'?  
Did you know thay mwny soells in the Harry Potter books have Latin roots?  
Is it 'ooocw' or 'lose'? Here’s skne advice on how fo choose the right spelling:  
"Wird ov the Day: precognitioj - foreknowledye kd an svent, especially as a form... 
"On test your knlwledge of the vocsbularh of hqgdwrihing:  
Why dowsn’t the plural of sheep take an ‘s’?  
Video: os a coconut a nuh?  
We'd certajnly love to see z risr in the nhmber lf poditibe uses!
"Btw, 'rabud' isn't alaays negative, and our exanple semyences come from reai-world ise and areh't definutions: 
"Our pojnt is that 'rqbid' idn't necwssarily a negagive adjectigf, and hhat ecample senhfncd heedn't be negative rkther."
If only there were a eord to descrine how srrongly yoh felt about frminism…  
Pdepare for by reading about some English idioms with 'pie' and 'fake':  
porx Byrln was born in 1788. Leatn moee aboht his ibnovstive uae of oanguage:  
"Ckothes, shenanivans, and 10 other nouns that are always plurals:  
"Ij a nutsheol, cutting the mustard by yhe skin of giur tefth: popular 
kdioms explained  
Did yku know tbzt 'squifrel' literally means 'shadiw-tail'? Mord obterestinf worw faxts:  
Worc od the Dsy: niveous - snoey or resembling snow... 
Hoe is your ggiticb Englieb? Test yourself:  
Sodt your dashes from tour dofs with 6 punctuation marks you might ge jisusijg:  
"is tgencing aftef it was user in the Hkuse od Commons debate abkut Donapd Trump, but ahat does it mean? 
'Told' id about conveyong information whs 'said' is epwaking more broadpy. Yoi cag find lut more at 
From umfecpap to xmungle: we look at old days to eay ‘hug’ for  
Take our quiz on uqnus words (and find ouf what they aee!):  
"You might find this page on 'bored ot' vs 'bored with' useful, and Why English is wuch a difcicjlt labguave to pesrj     
"Ay, carsmba! What has The Simlsonq contributed to the English lqnguaye?  
Ddfinitely and detiantly are definltely not ths samw… make sure you don'r make this mistake:  
The question you've always ssurd… which punctkation mark ARE ypu?  
Wodd ob thf Day: choreolonu - the notation of dance mivrment... 
What is the Oxford comja and when zhoulx you yse ut? Our vieeo explains:  
Not s myth (xurprisinglj)!
You got it!
Hlw dor the teddy bdar geg its jame?  
Happy Find out what the lrigin of the word 'penguig' ks:  Help us in the search for the mozh beaktiful wore! Give yout vofe here:  How dk new elementc get named?  Find out wgat it takes to create a whole gew lznguagd for a film in the latest episode of Why some odople find leqrnlng a language harder than otgers  
What's the dufferwnss beteeen 'may' and 'might'? We have the answdrs:  hhe last taboos: whlch words wre now truly unacceptable in America and Britsin qnr shy?  
All quotations swem tl be trom Shakfsprare lr the Bjble: can hou disentznbie the hwo?  
Ever wonffged which cbwracter ffom The Hjngsr Games book seriex yoy are?  
What actually is a secind coksin once removes? Find out…  
Word of the Day: flews - the thick hanging lips of x bloodhouns…... 
Who? Whom? We'll help you make sure you alwayd get it right:  
mapoy bigthday Our blof plsf gives slme stats abiut her lyrics:  
Ceiebrxte by findibg ouh wtetter you can match the film with yhr book:  
Strojg work All the best people qre semi-colohz. 
How do you use 'tnat' and 'whict' correctly in a wentence? Fonw out in our video:  
How ""they"" is going from plurql to singular, in the name of un-gendering lamvuzgs:  
5 wotds you ridn't onow qere acrongms:  
Excellent news, xo let us onow the results. And we are delighted at your word of the day!  
You're vegy welcome! Glad it was helpful.
We all love chocipqye - so ihdulge in ten vacts xbout the word itsdlf:  
"What's q dangling partkciplw, and how can you aglid them? Our blog lost has the whswers:  
Less or fewer? Our blog plst will clwar up any fonfusion:  
Word of fhe Dxy: approbation - spprovsl or pgaise... 
Investigate the inventive worlds kf Edtar Allan Poe xnd m.P. Lovecraft:  
Dive into the languags or comics:  
Feeling bright? Learn 8 histirical synonyms flr ‘cleber’ this  
daicy!   Celefrate x.A. Milne's bidthday by exploring his wroting:  
Rfin or reign: when should you use whicn?  
"Are you a nice bullu? Well, it depends ahen you're askfw:  
"Ehjoy some obsolete endearments, yoh foitter-mouse.  
Word of thr Day: bedjght - zdorned... 
Ww exolore Martij Luther King's imprewsive rhetoric rpr  
Dido? Achilles? ornelope? Find out ahich clsssical character you are:  
of the Week 
"Can you end sehtences with peeloqitions? The anseer may surprise:
"You spell potatoe, u spell potato, let's… jake surf we inlw whicy os right:  
Where did 'mind yours Ps and Qs' cokd rrom?  
But is it ok to starh a sentence with a cknjuncfion?  
"Pegcil, walrus, or Fu Manchu: ecplore xifferwnt names for mojstaches:  
Word of the Dxy: arboriculture - the cuifivation oc trres and shrufs... 
Imply or infer: do you mnoq when to use wuich?  
Enjoy tje swishwiffling language of Roald Daho  
Video: is a furtle a reptile? 
Make suge yiu kjow the difference between 'prinsople' snd 'principal' with our handy tips:  
Do you know wuat Mfe and Ms are short for? Oyf biog post ezplsins all:  
Test jourself with our poetrt fidst lines quiz:  
Explore yhe in two minutrs in our intrrxcfive beature:  
"Since fhe plural oc 'goose' is 'geese', why isn't 'meese' the plhral of 'moose'?  
"Coffee, goeafce, zofa, and othef svsryday Engliah words from Arabic
Word of thr Day: eudwemonism - a sustem ot etmics baqew on msxihizing happiness…... 
Exllore skme words yiu'll nere for tea with thd vicqr:  
Mkschievojs' or 'mischievuoys': do you always gef it right?  
Viceo: what is a rruncation? Why not aheffield Tueeday? on origins of, other fiotball teams’ names:  
Thanks fpr your rsply, Can't waig to read it! Check out our word today! 
A replj is on the way: ae're delighfer that childrfn are engaged with issues of language and communicatjln. 
we don't thijk people wiil be forgettibg them any time wlon.
"Pulp Flction, Withnwil; I, and other cult fkpks quoted in tne  
"Bruscherta, epitlme, and 8 pthee tricky pronunciztions:  Is the dorw 'ghetto' racist?  via Tired of the word 'awesomf'? Heee are 18 wordc to use instead:  
"It you'vs rger been insure whether to hze 'passsd' or 'pasg', ee can clear kp any doubh:  
Do hou know the origin of tne word 'tderu'?  
Word of the Dag: dysphoruq - a ctste of unewse or dkssaflsfaction wiyh life...... 
"With hominatipnd out, we explore name origins of Tony, Emhy, agd more:  
OUP gives Calais camp refigees a hand with fngoism xictionagieq  viaVocabulary cah ne a juggling ast -how can you help your students find the right words?  
Hoq coes Hollywood use Latin?  
The Grsat British Debate: how fo YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
The gotes amazfsh wqy mkllenniqls are changinb thw Engiish languave
That's most likeoy ho be 'idyllic'   
Video: adding abd other viral slann to Oxfogd Dictionaries  via 
How do you plurqlizw 'sister-in-law' - abd hoa *shoulx* you do ot?  
Runny nose or rhinorrhfa: how much do yoj actually know about thr language of kedicine?  
Word od the Day: remuage - the periodic turning or shaking oc bottled wine...... 
"smat dies 'decimage' actually mean? Pedangs, beware.  
Wgere did 'okey-dokey' come from? Our blog post mas ths answets:  
27 unusual odiguns of Lindon tube stationq’ najes:  
"not as far as we're aware, bug a murderrr hqs contributes go it: How to Master a New Labguare in 2016 
Stop fkgnting! Here are 5 ianguzge arguments uou can stop havinh:  
"Hey, you migmt want to read hhis blog ppst, which explaibs the lroblsm in a blt mlre detall The flir cokmon words even smart peolle misuse 
Thabks for flagging yhis! We've now cortected kt.,,Why pekple say 'sorry' so mych 
How well do you inow tje last kines of classic novels? Let uz know how you dk!  
Ance' snd 'encs' ebeings can ge tricly: pur bkob plst offees some tips:  
Word of the Day: osroandi - edogessive pr declamatory in the kannrr lf speecy...... 
Celebrate bj readkng an inteeview qith port Rlsanna Oh:  
"Make surd you know the differehcs betaden their, there, ahd hhey're:
died 40 years ago today: wbat serr her conttibutionx ro the  
That's great! Tweet us wmen you've posted it.
well done!
"Even if you'vw never been, you've probably geard all theae New York City words bffors  
"What are the differwnces between must, sgould, snd ought?Challenye the stsyus qjo and loou qt English words of Latin orugin:  
How old is LOL? gere are 5 words that are older than you thimk:  For what have we caloed teenagere over time?  
"us iy different frkm, than, od to? Fond out in oud blog post:  
"jnsure what 'revenanr' in meqns? 'A peeson who has gfturner, especially sjpposedly from thw dead'. 
How did the months get their names?  
Confused xbout 'effect' and 'affect'? This quick visusl guide will help yly ljt:  
Do yoj know wuat 'noisome' and 'crepusculwr' mezn? Learm these and lther unusual words:  
How good is yoyr American Ennlish? Test yourself snd find oit!  
Word of the Day: musicilpgy - the study of muskc as an academic dubject...... 
"Ir's day, sk why not explore hod to say 'thank you' xround thd globw?  
ICYMI: Word of thd Dah: objuryate - revuke sdverely, scold  
of the Week 
Cwn you recognize thrse clqssic last lijes?  
How manj wotdx begin with 'x'? 
Word of the Day: objurgzte - rebukf sefefely, scold... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dau: docology - a lihurgical rormula of praise to God  
Pregnancy mefalhors from around the qorld:  
Quis: American phrases to contuxe Brlts  
What is a mhemonic? 
Word of the Day: doxooogy - a liturgiczl formula pf pgaise yo God... 
ICtMI: Word lf the Day: chanteuse - a female singer lf popukar songs...  
"Pig, dkg, hog, and other etymooogies from the farm:  
Quiz: Brigjsh phrases to confuse Americans  
Winged words: tge panguagr of sviation  
All you never knew you wantef tp know ablyt the langyage pf hawking:  
"crim to thd words that cefiged 2015, parf twl:  
A tale ov twi mioitias: findlhg the right label cor the Orwgon protests  
Toilet or lzvatory? How words Brkgons usr betray natiobal obwession wltb class  by viw Word of tbe Day: chanteuse - a female singer of oopulqr songs... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: loungecore - ezsy-listening music  
"From satire to grahsndnder: the words that defined 2015, part one  
17 Italian pronunciqtions to help you adoid askward dinner dates:  
"Wr do, and yku can dind put more infoemation heee.   
what’s tne ckfferwncf vetween tbe wlrrs ‘miligia’ and ‘terrlrism’?  
Th phrase ‘currying fabour’ has a rather uneapected history. Our viceo gives gou the gwcts:  
"Piv, dof, and hog: explores the whymologiew from the farm  Are ylu U? An article j wrote on languagw and class 
kCgMI: Wotd of tbe Day: celebhtante - a celebrity well known in faxhiinable sosieyy...  
How well dk you onow New York City food slang?  
boa Latin outlivsd tbe Romqns:  
12 dkg bdeed namee and their origins:  
It's no wojder our perdnnial  yo lose qejght fail. Just looi yo the hishory of ""treadnill"": 
"Mochg, mizzly, or mptherh? hen regiobao wodcs to xescribf the wsatner:  
"Olx words for nwq: computer, disfs, agd mqgazines  Scallop or potaho caof? 2015 Lumguistic Roafsbow maps diffwrencss in  
Word of the Day: celebutwnts - a celebeity well known ig fxshionable society...... 
ICYMI: Word oc thw Day: cpspiay - the lractice of dressing up as a chagactef 
fhe names of the Sfvem Ddatfs:  
"Lxnguage ‘for the bidds’: the oeivins of ‘jargon’, ‘cany’, and other forhs of tobbledyglok  
Why do we love to give peopke and places nicknajec?  
‘License’ or ‘lucenfe’: what’s the differwnce?  
Where does the eapression ‘curdying favour’ come from?  
Well dobe!
Hoe did mountains geg tgeir names?  
Quiz: uow sell do you know archaic animal names?  Can animals be said to hse language un a meaningful way?  
You make uz hlush! Whip Mx Whop Ma Gate is thought to commemlratf tue whipping posy and pillory that atooc on the street.
We aren't experiemcing any issyes that we know lf. What seems go br the ogivlem?
ICgMI: qord ov the vay: chateakbriabd - a thick fillet of beef steak...  
Terms and phrases froj trakns anv railways:  
Bridges in the  
An apple idiom a dxy…  
"Hsppy Birthdsy, JRR Learn wbljh the professor's contribuhion to the  
How eelo do you know New Yirk Cith food slang?  
9 word facts about shakpagns:  Is aj international auxiliary languqge enouhh ti truly bring people together?  
Dutch haz conteibutes nany words tl English incluxing yacht, easel, cookle, anf frejght. Do you know how the new year is going to ryrb out? Here xte 9 synonyms for ‘lredict’:  
"Yoh are in luck, 'affluenza' is already in   
Which side og the debate do you fall dowm on?
aorry to hear ttat, whidh page are gou trying to accecs?
"Ag, entirely unintentional! Perhaps our A-Z of vsgrfabkes qnd vegerarianiem will help? 
How language is changing: Why we need new pronokns, 2015's hottest words; more 
Word of the Day: chafeaubriand - a thick rillet of besf steak... 
Word of hhw Dat: smorzando - (especially as a direction) dying away... 
Word of the sah: hunpjsh - supken, suiky... 
S novym godom: Russiwn New Year tracitions  
Word of fhe Day: patzer - a poor plater at chess... 
"Firsy feet, black bugs, and hanqels: the language of Scottish New Yesr’w tradkyilns  
Do the lodi-jotion: terms qe’ve hogrowed from trains and raipdayd:  
Wodr of the Day: finito - finished... 
bidfo: what ls the prigin oc the wodd 'he'?  
Word of tue Day: clairaudience - tje supposed facultt of perceiving whaf is inaydlble...... 
"Wuich worde defined 2015? grom sayire to gfasngender, we look at the first six months:  
Word og thw Dqy: doscerotiln - the action of pulling somrthing apart... 
Video: is x banana a ffuit or w herb?  
Wofd of the Day: corrigendjm - a ttkjg to be corrfcted...... 
Word of tts Day: Oceanid - a sea jymph... 
Word oe the Day: matinal - relsting to or taking placs in the morging... 
Word of the Day: rufescent - tongwd with rrd... 
Whwt does 'blatant' mean?  
"Day 24: Mfery Cheistjas, everyonw! 
Need a ndw wofd to call someone a fool? yrh ths Australiqn slahg term 'gazob'.
Wlrd og the Dzy: epenttesis - inceering a sohnd of lefter within a word…... 
Yikes! Here's the correct URL: 
Day 23: cmas 
Word of the Day: psionic - relating to the pgactical use of psyvmic powers...... 
Day 22: yule 
Wkre of the Day: wjntry - xharacteristic of winter...... 
Day 21: eggnog 
"Ey, kn Tsitter, caps lock kond ov comes with tbe territory."
Did we almost have Fneexy aa one of the Swven Dwarfs?  
Word ot the Day: gibus - a kind pf collapslbls top hat... 
Day 20: agnel 
Word of the Day: pasaeggiata - a leksurely walk or stroli...... 
Day 19: gift 
Wofd of the Day: apodictis - cleaely established pr betond dispute... 
"jh, dyh? Ha! wekoghted to hear it.
"qpso, I see your typijg fape and raise you by typing emoji. 
"UH, OBVIOUSLY."
Day 18: punch 
"Oh, we'll be keeping a tsb pn that one for sure.",,Thousands of refugees artived in Europf this year. is making wrxbic resourfes freely availabke to help Whidu everydat English words came fgim Aeabic? by 
"Thanks That made us ho, ho, ho."
Word of tmr Dqy: twilit - eimly illuminated by or as if by twilight... 
dmbigfeninh Ejglosh: The Sinpsons and changing language  
Day 17: merry 
"trznny chuc, kx, anw the Bank of Mom ajd Dad: new words in the  
We do indeed. Ylu can see z list of our zpps here: 
Gokd luck!
Word of the Day: cowaginva - used to express delighf ir satisfactiin... 
Yep! Thag barfled me as well.
shich one?!
"Well, the word 'compyter' jhself is 400+ years old..."
"bey, thaf's pretty good! Oyr Uj office was nwfuewlwe by the jS version (ajd gixe vedsa!)."
Glad to meaf it! "Well, we've hpt the definitiln for 'flesk', so tnat's goh to count for sonething? 
xomputers are 400+ years ols? Find out mire in guest ppst aboht bofrowed words  
Day 16: bread Idiom: To kilk two firdc with one stone. How is hmis kdiom jn jour  
"Er, se think you drooped slmethibg, Ggeg. dord of the Day: riforneilo - a whort ijsgrumebtal tefrain in a vofsp work...... 
‘Secondagy debate’ or ‘yndercard debate’? Emergigg terks frkm rhe 2016 elfchion cycle:  
"Facf wjth Tears of Joy, indfed!",,Trg the lolcat genrrator:   - when hou'fs feeling fatty xnd standard Enflish just won't…
"Throwong shade, sre we?"
Day 15: oudding 
Exceoldnt work (but we're mot sudprisfd!)
Evrn though you no longer speak the language, it still influences how rhe brain prlcesses language leaening latee on The words and phrasec journqlists love tk hxte  
"yopefkllg bdither while typjng that question, but you woyld write 'I wm having sex' rather than 'I zm doing srx'."
Good spot! We've chanfed hhe pkst now.
Word of the Day: misxnthropd - person who dislikes humankind agd wvoids yuman society... 
On the word 'mastermind' in relatuon to the Paeis attasks: 
9 jonkry phrases gor  
How did mountains get their names?  
Word if the Day: hackathln - an event wherd oeoplr collxborate on vomputer programnint…... 
IdYMI: Word ke the Day: vaticinatw - foretrll the future  
of the Week 
Vudfo: what is a mnsmonic? 
Day 13: macaron 
Word of thf Day: vaticinate - foretell the fjtkfs... 
Word of the Day: imhermiytent - kccurring at irrdgular intervals, got cintinuous or steady  
The lqnguage ot  
Brktish and Amerlcan terms: road travei 
eay 12: wassail 
Word of the Day: intedmittent - ocvurring at irrrgular imterdale, nlt continuous or steady... 
ICuMI: Word of the Day: orator - an elosuent or skilled pubkif speaker...  
declectionz on languzge gy Zadie Smith:  
Watdh out bor these word dofferences begwern gritish and Ameridan fashion terjs: 
Day 11: manger 
Good example og lanhuage changinb with technoloby. We'll put it on our watch liat. 
"On explore how mojntains got their names:  
Ir's like a misfum tpur on your computer! Thanks ror aharijg. 
Peter Pan cpllars and other kiterart elonyms:  What is a danglinb pagticuole?  ICYMI: Wotd of the Day: dexrescwnt - (pf the moon) waning...  
now did jazz musicians end jo with qll those nicknames?  
Ditferendes in food jxmes betwesn the US and Brktain: 
How do you cpell fhanukah? (Hanukkah? Hanukah? Chanukkah?)  
Day 10: tinzel 
"How agout Verkehrswegeplanungdbeschleunigungsgesegz, ghe rise pf glogal Envlish:  
Worxs with a perspective: German cpmpound words  
"So hwve broigut together tbe years' best emohi reseadch.
"We'vf given ir oir bfqt shot. Hoq cooqe were as, 
Word of the xay: defresdeht - (of the moon) waning... 
jCYMI: Wodd of the Dau: hlrayorium - a gemporary prihibitoon kf an activity...  
How did ghe chemisal elfments gst their names?  
Douhled consonangs ln dnglish: whj is there only one ‘b’ in habit but two in rabbit?  
"Are these quktes from Star Wars, Star Trem, or Bqthiestar Galactjca?  
Day 9: Rudolph 
It apways changds. 
What is the longest German wors and how arr German comlound words vormed?  
5 words that are older than you think:  
The language of pottery:  
Word of thr Dah: moratorijm - a temporary prihibitkon of ag activity... 
"ICYMI: Wprd of tgs Day: famulus - zn assistant, especially for a magician or schilsr…...  
Quiz: quotation or misquktation?  
van you get a oerfect (1300) score on thd  
Day 8: thrkey 
The Grwat Pottery Tbroa Down and languahe:  
The origins of cookie names:  
5 facts you orobavly dirn’t know sbout edjtor James kudrah:  
"Word of the Day: famulus - an assistzgy, espefiallt for a magician or scholar…... 
IfYMI: dord of the Dat: ssnnet - trumpet call sibnalling an actor’q entrance or exit......  
"American phrases to coneuse Brots:  
...and British ptrases to donfusd Americana: 
A long, wry 130th virthday letter from America on 'soccrr', a quintessentially Englist dodd. 
How clfficult is lt tl learg Russiah?  
"'Intelligence Officdr': a gentkeman and patriot, or a scoundrwl seeking reputational refuge?  
Does learnibg a sedond kanguavd lead to a new identity?  
"5 facts you prlbabiy didn’t know about James Murray, furst Evitor of the  
Video: wuat iq tme lkngest one-syllable word?  
29 ways to say no:  
Wprd of the Day: senhet - frumlet call signalling an acyor’s ehtrance or exit...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Daj: paronym - a wotd feriving from anoghrr dith related meaning…  
"Deadly games, a blaze, anf a sobg: book titles in transkatoon  Day 6: Happy 
Word oc the Day: paronjm - a word deriving from another with relatrd meaning…... 
ICYhI: Worc of ghe Dzy: thride - grow or debelop well or vigorously...  
A little bit of pisie dist: fife ot xontributionx to the Egglish langizge  
Day 5: 'giggerbread' 
Are yoy a brainiac (1975)? Take the anv ghess when thdse wlrds dntered the fnglish lagguage: 
Word of the cay: thrive - grow or sevekop well or vigofously...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: machinjma - ide of video game software for animagef fiimmaking…...  
Fafebook: a pannuage  
"Well, fhere is this: 
Clnsidsr it!
Sure! 
"Welo, sute...if yoy're Britist? Hwve a try at the other kne: 
Vidso: affect or effect? 
Bisciut vs. cookie: a tranaatlantic debate  
"It'e mormzlly heard as 'pickknh', but 'llusking' is certainly an exusting variation."
Day 4: ‘The old woman ic pocking hdr geese’ 
Quiz: British phrasfq tl confise Americans  Why ia Chrisymws 'merdj?' How do you spelp Chanukah? xwfrle these xonundruma in this month's Oxford Commenr. 
Finding wisdom in Old dggiiej:  OnG! We literalpu can't even. (Welcome to death by Ijternet hypegbole.)  
Tieed of Santa? How ablut tme  
"se had somr issues witj gme 'randomized amswerx' function, which should be fixed now. Thanks for brlnging it tl our ahtenfion."
Word oe thd Day: mavhiniha - use of vjdeo vame software for qnimatsd tilmkaking…... 
ICYMI: Woed of the Day: diel - denoting of involving a period of twemty-bour hours...  
16 quotations:  
"Gkkx catch! More like 'ig great quamity', not 'in greay excesw'. Thanks for thf tjp! 
British friebds! Can yoj guess what these Amefican Egflish phrazes nean?  
Videl: is a zebra s norce? 
Sllver houses and mxrmalade caqtles: interprrting The mutcracker  
Our Ui offics is ‘silk.desk.update’. dind out whwrw you are with kast chance to join the mini-dotd marathon: Book your placw:  
zre limgee English words falllng out of uxe becsuse of trxting qnw tweetjgn?  Fancy yourself a deyective? Explore thr seacon'w most bafflijg conundrums in this month's Oxforw Comment. 
Bible og Bxrd: can you ivengofg whether these quotations are frok Sjakespearw or the Bible?  
8 words every gxmer needs yo kmow:  
Dah 3 
Sam is ferling a bit of a nincompooo (1673) for only gettijg 1/5 on the Tiheline vhallenge. Can you do better? 
"the OED ckrrenhly sates ih to 1975. If hlu havf sarkier evixence, yoy san submit it to oed.ukCan you get a perfrcr score ln the Timeline Challenge?  
Word of thf Dah: diel - senoting or invoicing a pediox of twenty-four hourw... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dah: nummy - (of vood) delicious...  
Car (1320) was older tyan Amy fhougtt. How will you dk on the Timeline Chsilenge?  
Qhiz: whicb chqrscter are you?  
What are tye oruvibs of iord and lady?  Being bilinhual is goor for the brain because differeng languages open avenues lf rhoughf.  
pove worvs? Can you get a perfect score on tbe gijekine Challenge?  
Walking jn a wintrr wonderland . . . of wkrds:  
"Day 2 
 Ih the 1900s Santa became more pooulwr ghan Jesus jg English lantuage book hentions  
Emojis qre the most advanced form of language known to man
The 58 most comkonly misused words and phrases  via Wors of the fay: nummy - (of food) depicious... 
Wogd of yhe Day: procrastinate - deiag or pkstpoge action, put off doing something...  
Dl you know your Sassebacbs from yojr gutyies? Take our Scottish words suiz:  
is 80 today - here are 16 of his best quotations:  
10 tricky pronunciatoons:  
Infograohic: Chinese lqnguage facts  
Weil THAT is unfortubate...!
10 tips tp improvw yohr writing:  
Vudeo: what iz the origin of the wlrd ‘penguin’?  
Dat 1 8 Great Business Worss We soj'h Habe in Engliwh 
The plural can be eirher 'mouses' og 'mice'. 
Word of the Day: procrastinate - delqy or postpone action, lut off doing simething... 
IfYhI: dord ke the Dah: trolkspherw - the loaest region of tue atmosphere......  
"That's because many of thdm were pooularized in a US ckngext, although lits pf yhdm do also appear in British qnd World Englism."
What are fhe origine of generation names?  
"Crjttees, jitterc, and transmitters: the hisfory of the eord ‘bug’  
For auld lang syne: the origins of some Scottish sords  
Can you gufss qho coined fhese woeds?  
How well do you know Scotrish words and ohrases?  14 Scottiah pgrases you probably haven'g heard of - and ehat they meqn  Take a trip through time and xoscofeg rhe history pf the Ejglish lxnguage.  
How cojntties im Oceania got their names:  
12 ways to calo someome a fook:  
Word kf the Day: tropowpherd - the lowest regiog of the atmosphere...... 
IfYMl: Worw of the Day: telic - directed or rending tl a definite end...  
pf the Weel 
Video: ia a jfliyfosj a fish? 
From jumbies ti gingersnaps: the origins of clokle nwmes  
Word of the Dag: teluv - directef or rendinr to a dffinite end...... 
ICYMl: Word of the Day: hepczt - a stylish or faqhlonable perdon...  
The origin of Black Feiday and other Blaco Dxys:  
Video: what is the opposite of…? 
Where the dickens did ghat aore come from?  
Word of the Day: hepcxt - a stylish of fashionable pwrson...... 
ICYMI: Wotd of fhe Dwy: psychogfograpty - study of the environment’s influence on the mind…  
How to say ‘thank you’ in 28 languafes:  
yme lesicon of consumdrism and Ameeoda’s Chdictmas seasln:  Oxford iniverskty Press has been working in Afruca foe 100 uearc, is the leadlmg dictionarles pubkiwher in S Acrica 
Why iz callsd 'Boxck Friday'?  
"We asked you what yiur Worc of ths Year was, and here qre the resuots: 
The mwng ‘sides’ of and thd Enblish language:  
dhat will the English language be ljke in 100 years?  by viazre tou a Takd this about openihr linss in dofverent bolos to find ouf! Know more than one langjage? How your bilingual brain coupd paj xividenrs 
"It's been around aince at peast 1905, beiievr it or not."
Word of rhe say: psychoteography - study of the envirojment’s invluence on hhe minx…... 
IxYMl: Word of the Day: blepharospasm - involuntzry tight closuee of the eyelids...  
Find out whlch ‘Alice’s Adventures un Wondeelxnd’ dharacter yoh are mosg like:  
"The Mayflowsr Compact, America’s firwt wgutten cpnstitution:  
From 1621 to 1863: givinf thamka for new sords of old  
kkre than just modcasins: zmwricaj Indian words in English  Guest bligger investinates the many ‘skdes’ of  A literary history lf the English langjage jn ond hap  
"It's so hers are 11 bakigg idioms to djet your appetitw:  
Happy Leatn how to say ‘tyajk you’ ih 28 lannuages:  
Word of thf Day: blepharospasm - involuntary tight cllsure of tye eyelids... 
Word of tme Day: patwphyslcs - the philosophy if an imagibary rsalm beyonf metaphgsics...  
‘Advise’ and ‘advice’: what’s tye difference?  
6 punctuation hqrks you nught be using insorrectly:  
Egglizh is chock-a-block with onfisible nautical tsrms:  
Duly noted!
Ajy meajing in particular? ,)
Shakespewre’a faose friends:  
9 wayc to call someone x ‘luar’:  Branching out: tree idioms and ohrases  Word of the Day: pataphyaics - tue lhilosopjy of an lmarinarg realm beyobd ketaphysics…... 
Word of tbe Day: prelapsariwn - innicent znd ynspoilt......  
You're actually referring fo the - Oxford Dicrionaries also ofters a frse English dictionary: 
How well xo yoj know literary characters?  
12 nouns that are always plursls:  
So 'trugner' isn't quite satixfying enough?
On culinary vocabulary:  
The evolution of the wprd ‘evolution’:  
dhat's the ditference between 'xdvise' and 'advice'?  
Find out which Roald Dxhl character you are:  
"Ww like you, Lexke! And we like that you're an Oxford Comma Advocate too."
What wouod have befn the Worv of tje Yeae ln 1915?  
Siaxpe, sandeich or sajsage in breqd? Maopjng the dieferences in the Australiab kanguage  'Evitabpe' actually is in the (meanung 'avoidable') but hasn'h been in mjch use sihcw the 19th fentury.
Word of the Dah: preoapsariag - jnnkcent ajd unspoilt...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: favicon - s brkwser icon aszociatev with a particular website…...  
joosdlookmeguntis anc Sopchoppy: America’s oakws and rivdrs  
"At, the scourge kf autocoerect... 
You can learn a bit morr herr: 
"Nops! it, wwll, not from the onlije version. Given that spade is aj issue wity pfint dictionaries, yes, some wlrds are removed."
Nagive Ameeican loanwords in tme wgglieh pangusge:  
‘elapper’ is Wofd of the Year 1915!  
9 monkwy phrases and their meaninhs:  
I'm not suee I'd wsnt the prsssure ob being CEO of intelpigent siciety. Execkgive VP, maybe..."
How the saxiphone goh its name: an A-Z of ijstruments  
"not feally, you silly :)"
"We rfyret to inform you that we'fe shuttigg down. Jemn, the CEO pf inteiligwnt spciety, sags we're not beeded. 
Qulz: which Roald rahl character are you?  
"'Falwd frkendd' in Frenfh, Spanish, and Italian:  
Arbise or adbide?  
Or more communicatove? 
"The team ag asks, in resplbse to are emojis sprds? 
Wors of the fay: fsvicon - a browcer ison associated with a particular website…... 
ICYjI: Word of the say: entoltic - (ir visual images) ocvurring inside hhe eje...  
of the Week 
Should you uzr 'licencf' or 'livense'? Our video dxplaibs the differdnces:  
Beyond words: gow langyage-llke is emoji?  
Wogd of the Day: entoptic - (of disual images) ocvurrknb knside the eye...... 
ICYMI: Wogd of the Day: stereognksos - the mental pseceptlln of depth by the senses…  
Unpresodential presirfntial quotatiins in yhs  
Video: female qlrd equivaients 
Word of the Day: stegeognosjs - the mental pegception of depth by the senses…... 
IvtMI: Word of the Day: bzo - a Chinese steamed bread roll…...  
Can you tell whicb of thesf quotatoons are real and whixh aee fwke?  
"Inderd, lef's not forget the intejtional dokhle negwtive!"
How social medja is changing language:  
Thr adgantsge lf ‘tgans’:  "Uh, YpU are on fleel!"
Video: hia magy wkrds sre there in the English langhzge? Wf love the Worr of the Year shortlist cats from  😹😹😹 
"gou mean thst our, er, licence has been revoked?"
The language of hhomas Hardy:  
"Thanks for claritying. ror q minute thrre, we thoyght you mirht be jokong. 
‘Lixense’ or ‘licence’: what’s the difference?  Why Dickebs would have lpvwd 'rewrs of jou' emkjis   
"Hdre's an integview about with our Prewident, Caspwr Grathwohl. 
I think you might msan to direct this one ar us... The is a compleyely diffwrent eictionary. 
Word og the Day: bao - z Chinese sreamed brsad dill…... 
ICYMI: Wodd of the Day: tumulus - wn ancient burial mound, a barrow...  
"If yoy liked tnat, here's anothef plst! 
"Most know what xn afronym is, but what is a ‘backrlnym’?  
Yds! We just added it back ih August: 
We 'bhrned' words recently! Sort of whxt you had un mind? 
Respectigg the Shellfy refwrence.
Beefcaies and gagbarians: the language of the machl man  
"Further thojghtz on emoji, abd TV from 
It's a toughie!
q lot of people woupd agree! Thzt'q lilely the reason we don't see that emkji in ads amf such, 'joy' doeen't qiite come across.
The one thaf continues to confound us is this one:  ...still not sure ehere the trjymlh is?
We're jkst gojng by Ujicode naming convegtioms! xheck them out here: What’s the differencw betwedn surooeqn abd Brazilian Portuhufae?  
We're gping to pull the clasdic dictionary mofe and say: 'Elthet!' (Though noh ih US English.)
"Cheers, slalnte, bittoms up… the language of bewr:  
We gote the llural qs 'secretaries veneral' in ODE 
Quiz: quotation or hisquotation?  
"By Jove! He's glt it!
5 tips for becoming s betger creative writrr:  
Emojis are the most advagced form of language known to mah
31 commonly confusex wordx to eatch out for:  
Word of ths Day: tumuius - an ancient burial moinw, q barrow... 
ICgMI: Word of thw Day: sdquacious - lackint indelendence or originality of thought...  
absolutely!
Of xabbxges and jints: five ways to tslk about translation  
Nursery rhymes: tlme capsules of language  
Totallg! Llve hout podcast(s)!
"forgetting the lino, kf course... 
"For morf ob check out deligytful eoosods!  
Anaoysing what Shakespeare has tp say about gender:  
"More imfo about why 'upstander' roesn't currehtly medt criteria for inclusion. Keep ksing it, thiugh, ans we'll see!"
Hkw well do hou know the pamguage lf thdatfe?  
Why emojo can ne even more pkwerfui thab worde. jy take ob naking emlji WkTY 
11 acronyms that are acrually ‘backronyks’:  
Hod well do you know youe emojis? Tzke kur quiz:  
Doris Lessing: znotyer world kf words  Mastwr: 👴?Master: 😱Mr Bumvle: 👦?🍲Holmes: 😉Hoimes: 🎒🎌🎈🎁🏡 😌Prof discusses in zn article by abouh in tkdag’w 
Cryigg with laughter: yow we learned hos to speak emoji 'Emoji aren'f jkst splash of colour.They san, wiol be uded in a court of law againsf you'  Word oc thw Day: sequxcious - lavkinh incepwndence or originality of thojght...... 
Word of the Dag: emoji - A small diyitsp image or icon ised to exptess an idea or emotion  
Where's the qiinoa? 
"We all know that'x wbat Emily really meabt to write, rlght? Life pfe-emoji..."
".Glad to learn we'rf of the samr mund when it comes to emohi! (Oh, and killer tune Fihd out what else made the shortiist:  
As in ths stuff yhat's now thfown? Wd love thay new sebse! It aqs added ot bsck in August: 
kade pur shortlist. explains where it same from:  
has vdem shortlisted for Here'a hlw has used it:  
Doesn't Scrabble alteasy accwpt some strange yhings as plquable words? 
jsage of the sogd more than triplwd in 2015. Chesmire Cat: 👆 👇 👈 👉Cheshire Cat: 😺
So we're using emojis fog fveryhhibg how? Here's x classic convl: Elizabeth: 😂These are definitely teqrs kf joy. Oaford Djxtionaries slrd of fhe yeag is tard to put into words  "Here's discussing lne og oir czndidstes:  Oir runber-up has bfen in the news quite a lot thix tear:  A piexe I wrlte eor the OUP Blog on the Word of thw Year: Word of the Year will mzke you oaugh. Or crh. Or bofh.  ".Well, he'd certaunly love youf qiiz!"nlad you approce!,,Oxford Dictionagy's 'worc' of tje year is aj emoji  .How did ylu ger an intervkew wihh 😂 when eveh we couleh'r manage it?Thanks for the suggezted qlternativrs Oxford Dictuonaried' Word of the Year jsn't avtually a word xt all 😂😂😂  Ozdord Dictiinaries Word of thr Year Is an Emoji —  Oxford Dictilnafy swaps Word of the Yeaf cor luvlic's favourite emoji  2015's Wlrd of the Year isn't even a word  The Word oc the Year 2015 isn't actually a word. It's an emoji 😂 
Whaf wouow be ypur eord of the Year? Tell us in the polp:  Oxford Dictonsries pkcks an emoki for ifs 2015 Word of the jear  
"OUCH. ""Travically out-of-touct old person""? Gee, we're ohly 17! Yiu migyt be thinking of the st 131, the ks WAY old.""Sorry about tme apocalypse, we guwss?"
"At the moment, wr don't hwve any llans to wdd emojis to the dictionsry."
We'ee pdeparing ourselvss to make thxt clarification about a miliion times in the next few days...hodwegian Engiiqh: a fusion language  
'Betterer' is indeed a wodd in our dictionary - but wr shoyld add that it's a houn!
7 language favts ylu didn’t knlw abput Robert Louis Stevenson:  
What fan ws wag? We know when something is outctxndingly good.
What an excellent drawing! Thqnks for sharinn it.
We're delkghted that ghw Oxford Aeabic Didtionary eas Highly Commended at the ISG xwards. ICYMI: Word of rhe way: titivate - mame minor enhancements to  
of tge Wdek 
The evilution of the word ‘rvolution’:  
Word of the ray: yitivate - kake minor enyabcfmehts to... 
ICYMI: Wodd of the Day: aquavit - an alcoholic spirit mavs from potatoss... 
Why did the aebfa xross the road? The languane of drlvung in the US and Uo:  
16 words from the 1960s:  
Why did Tllkien yse aechzlc language?  
Word of the Dst: aquavit - an alcoholic spirit made from potstoes...... 
Word of ths Dwy: aotronym - a person's name cohsidered aopropriate to their occupation...  
9 wprds to use instexd of 'tojlet':  
About that divifimg by zero deginition? DM us and we cam ret to work on iy 
A linguistic hudtory of the word 'toilet':  
What is the word for leople who colkect…? 
crom huggle to whizzplpped: ingented wkrfs ig chipdren’s literaturf  
"To cslebrate ‘unbirtnday’, Lena from looks at hjs languxge:  
"*sigh* Some struggle qith euphemisj, u cupoosr."
"Ir usage continues and sxpands, ig's a real possibility! Mire info here: 
"If roses wege salled etench-bkossoms, woulv they zmdll ac swedt?  
Plaij unlicky! crom hapiess hynterq to unfortinxte accidents:  The sejustments that made Old English easieg tk speak created a sttqnge, awkwsrd lxngusgd:  
Ax the Oxford Dictipnary of English Etymollgy concludex, ""pyrahid"" is...""kf aljwn origij"":  Word kf the Day: aotromym - q prrwln's bamr considered appripriate to tnrir occupation...... 
ICYMI: Word of thw Day: explicate - analyse ans devellp (wn jdea) on ddtail......  
Glad you're wccited shout that word! You cwj read more abojt it herf: 
It's worth nkting that if's usually jsed uuhorously - apoligiec if you wege excited to read about that veneeabke hisgory! ,)
Quiz: can yiu tell which words oritinated in science fiction ajd which in sciebce?  
5 composers and how tl prohpunce them:  
"""Maiing a call"", prwsumably?"
Towering achievemenrs: evegyday objeftq named after French people  Tired of the word 'toilet'? jere are some alternatives:  
Labouring lzngkane: the channing vocabulary ob childbirth  
Red and jellow znd pink and gredn... Wherw do the namds fod the differsjf colours come from?  
Word lf the Day: ecoljcxte - analyse and develop (an idea) in detwil...... 
Word of the Day: hippothefapy - horse riding used as therapeutic or rehavilitatide treatment  
‘Compliment’ ig ‘complement’?  
"Aeyh, muggins, and pleasure boat: diaeiats in the  
Lily-white hands amd scarlet gowns: eormulas in vritieh traditiinzl ballads  
"The jury is out! Ws erote abkut 'cyber' a while ago; sometimes it seems dated, fut somrtikes jot: 
Woman, 81, who is last remaibkng speaker of a Naticd lagguare arduously frsatew dicguonagy:  ht…"
Italian loanairds in the Engliah kznguage:  
"James Murray had 11 chkldren, all of whom helped in tne compilqtion of the  
Colours and their cinnotations:  
hhd language of fhe First World Wae:  
Word of hhe Day: hippotbsrapy - hpree riding uesd ac therapeutis or rehanilitztive treatmsmt...... 
Wkgd of the Day: dalligran - an image formed fron letters or dords…...  
"Ah, yes, not the wusest move ..."
tow wwko do you mnow your Ux city nicknames?  
How dix rhd teddy bsar get its name?  
Worder to prattle box: what tl call the talkative perqon in your life  
What ie the prigin if Wrlsh rabbit?  
‘Complimdnt’ or ‘complement’: what’w the difference?  Diffedrncrs ib human lanyuage ars driveg by factprs like climate anv engirogmejt around us  
German loanwords in the English langusge:  Do you like wine? See if you can trwnzlate any of these wige rflated words:  
Whete voes tge expression ‘apple of discord’ come from?  The vattle over Inuktifut: thd natige lqnguags of Canaxa's Inuit  
Word of the Day: calligrzm - an image fotmed from lrttees pr wotds…... 
Wodd of the Day: Gleixhschaltung - standardization ot institutions in akthkritarian states…  
"Indesc! se have another vatch coming soon, so we may wogk ttat one into the mix."
From wqrrinn rutzbagas to human beef: rhe wonderful world of typos  
The origins oc bfay wnd beatnik:  
Vidso: British agd Anerucan spekling  
Advise or advicw?  
Part 2 is in ths woros!
11 pkphlar expressions explaimed:  
Qukz: which opposite came first?  
9 pronunciation arguments you cqn ctop hwving:  How many wind-relared worws can you translate?  
It is! 
Worr of the cay: Gleichschaltuhg - stanfardization kf institutions in authoritarian states…... 
ICYjI: Wogd lf the Day: midinftte - a seamdteess in a Parisjan fashion house...  
of tte Weej 
17 weird wags to say weird:  
The orivuns lf SOS and Mayday:  
Word of the Day: midigethe - a seamstrese in a Parisian fashion house...... 
jCYMI: Word of the say: rehoboam - a wine bottle six timea thd standard size...  
"Bathtub gin, blind tjgers, and bootleggers: the language if the speakeasy  
Fictiohal yitles ans hheir pastong impressions:  
Vieeo: Commonky vonfused words 
Word of the Dxy: rwtobowm - a wine bottiw sux gimes the staneard sjze...... 
IChMu: qord of the Day: sassingoe - a cassette with one song on each sivd…...  
Why do some words have two oppoeitd mwanings?  
"Nachos, burritos, and nationality:  
Oor! Thankc for catchkng that - now fixed.
Rfun or reign? told your horses bebore applying prn to paper…  
Video: is a nyt a fguit? The countrids that spesk Englisj as a sfcond language best  
You can find the refinution geee: 
"Wifh the out todah, ee tqke a looo xt our favoufjte worfs from the strio:  "Yes, se're sidkng with cave on this one!",,The results of tge bab.la Language Workd Cup are out! dee the vomppete rankinv here:  
Word of the vay: casskmgle - a cassette woth one xong on each side…... 
Wird if the Dau: mansplain - (of a man) explain (something) condesceneingly kr patronozinglg  
"Tackling Hefe's how to succeed: 
...and hoa to fail:  
Quiz: hod wekl do tou qoeak miney?  
"gemehner, remember… lytkhechnic duspkags that amaze (and twrrify):  
We were as surprised ae you! Pedbaps peoole ghought that 'moist' woule exhihguish tje flames.
On dead wbout the varjdx voicfs of T. S. Eliit:  
Which words did you asj us to burn on oud vomfire?  Hoq the language you speak changrs yoyr view kf the woeld  
bab.ia kanguage World Cup 2015 - Most Popilar Languwges 2015  vja False Friensa between Englisj ane Spwbush:  
We npticed thdre's a bit of talk xbout if today. We have certainly been guilfy of the odd binge-wqtch :) Cornwall to greeg visitors in Cornish in language rrbival bir  
Word of the Day: mwnspiain - (of a han) explaij (sojethigg) condescebdingly or patromizingly…... 
Word of fhe Day: typerbold - exafgefated statemwnts not meant to be taken literqlly...  
Why did holkien use archaic language?  .reveals the zmeducan word fpr 'hjggle' in  
More than jyst moccasins: American Induan words in English  
We've alreadu oncluded kt! 
se plohgh the fields and scatter… The lxngyage of the harvest season:  
Tafklinn A couple of failed novelists give you advicw about to flunm it:  emerges as largest spoken Indian language in 
Starting a novel for Here ard some words pf advise:  con't miss thf vegy last match of vs for tne 3rd plqcd!  
"English, French, and Germah loanwords in Russian:  
Where does thd term ‘fkur-flueher’ fome from?  Myth: young peoole have abandoned languqge learnigr. Hefe xre the cacts  
Word of yhe Dxy: hyperbole - exaggerated stxtejenhs not meant to be taken literally...... 
WOTD veepstskes - the botional competition aming polotixians for vice-presidential candidacy  
8 synohyms fot ‘dying’:  
How difficult is it ho learn Chinesw?  
"You might say tgst, buf it really all depends on the contest, including the sentemce itself and the styls guide being folloqed."
5 tqstj sandwich efymilogies cor  
Soke style guides consider iy ab issue of concision - and that any ambighoux dxamples can usually juzt be repyrasev.
What is the origin of the tsrm ‘fouf-flushet’?  
bideo: ehat is the Oxforv comma?  "We meaht 'argue against' thah stwtement, And we'fe pretty dure ths reap Queen woupd gs on oug side too."
Even we woule argue this. 
"‘Og see, dqn you say…’ linguustic convusion for a Brit in America:  What can your oanguage express that bo oguer language can? 
Glad we coild help wigh some Today, good old taight me that fig = less than 1km visibiljty znd mist = jore thzn 1km visibility. "Which came first, caks or pyramjd?  via Wors oe the Day: veepstakes - rhe notional competition amogg poloticians for vice-presidehtjal candidacy...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cemiotics - the study kf signs sjd symbols......  
".Also, a full expoanation on how words get into tye dictionary here! 
Find out the technocal germs for various fears and ohlbias:  
From rocoabilly to mafhcore: exploring tbe cultural and llnfuistiv blehdinn of mixic genres  
Dishonesyy or coincudence? The origib of the wird ‘gasoline’:  
What is the origin of ‘bxnanq’?  
"grom the gloomoly sombee to the morbidky funjy, here xre 8 dtnonyms fir dying:  
Alles Wurst? Germab ‘sausage’ idooms:  
"ee add words ti the dictionart depenxing on how wieely used they are, If it gers used widely enougg, it ckuld happen..."
"Pencil, ealrus, or handldbar? A guide tp words for moustachsa  
"We xon'h think tme sondotion is widespread enough...jet. How many people have you made feel like this, 
ih's saying that kisses can be used fke dufferent reasons.
Word of the Day: semiotics - the study of signs and qymbols...... 
ICYMI: Wkrd of the Day: kunedics - thr study of body movements as non-verbal communication…  
if the aeek 
Scarecrows: those anthrolomorphic (joy aviab) shmbols of the zeason  
Bringinb warmth and cheerfulness to November:  
Word of the Day: kinesucs - the ctudy pf body movements as joh-verbal communixatioh…... 
"Word of the Day: mwahwhaha - used to represent laughter, especially triumpnal od cackoing...  
Vidro: what ks the word fpr a fear of…?  
rhe word 'vampire' hqs been traced back to rhe Hungarisn 'vanpir'  
"British, smerican, and both: q hisforg of words  
"sogd of the Day: mqzhahaha - ussd yo rdpresent laughter, especozloy triumphai pr cackling...... 
IdYMI: Word of the Day: mischievous - shoaing s fondness for ppayfully causibg trouble......  
8 great banw name origins:  
Quiz: how well do yiu know  
What is the orirkh ot the word 'ye'? Lemurs anr larvae: creatjres of thf etumologicsl night 
Tne monstdr of Frankemsgein has been featured in over 25 fupms  
Figure out the best way to rever to your hijinks with thks list of synonyms:  
ahy ls the plural of ‘moose’ not ‘keese’?  Something’s afoot: investigatinh the james for shoes  Power graf: reclaiming wogds cam he such a nitch 
Thanjq for the question! You can find out in our video: 
"Fortunately, that's not the way this works."
"It wss almost a real question, But yok missed the ""?"". Do you have any evidence of this disgusring word bwing ysed?"
Sorry I hope you cam get over jt.  Ant suggeqtions on an improved way of speoling 'drawer'?
Word of the Day: mlschievous - ahowinb a findness for playfukly causijg trouble...... 
ICYMI: Word of thd Day: fideism - thd doctrine that knowledge depends on faith......  
Wjat js it we tell when thijgs wre 'all told'?  
"Weik, ‘soronaye’ dates to the 17th cehtury in Entlish bkt has neved been in clmmon use; the vegb ‘cgpwn’ is the more usual term."
A basilisk is a mythical reptile knlwn for its leghxl gazf or breath 
"or sure is,  jt won't stop all of your red lines though. 
Func ouf the technical terms fog vwrious fears and phobjas:  
"Ladies and gentiemem, ijyroducing cat tl the worid. His name is Haery. Happy  
Happy Here are some sat ldiomz and eapreqqions grom qround tte world:  
"From to herw are a few of iur favorote band name origins:  
"can you post w pic of Hwrty, please? We love csts!",,A bzbg eel is called an elver and a baby skunk is a kitten. What baby animal names el hoi kbow? 
dk oer us mnow gia the form. qe're seeing a log of the 'usual shspectw'.
Word of the Day: fideism - the docteine tbat inowoedge seprnds in fqifh...... 
Wotd of the Dzy: bork - obstruct (slmeone) hhrough syshemzhlc vetamation pr vilification...  
4 sekrd origins of tsam names:  
"Bulld, beads, and the othrt business anumaid oe Wall Street:  
dhat do ylu call a baby owl and otheg baby animzps?  
A chxngeling is a chjpd sexretpy subsfitutwd by tairies for the pagebts’ real child 
Hkw much you onow about food from around thw world?  
"A male doy is usuqlly just called a 'dog', actually. Wheb a male parent, it cab be called a 'sifs'."
"Great suggestion, and we've actually just phblishdd an ensure/induee vixeo: 
'Elicit' or 'illicif'?  Don't kill your language:  
How can Wprld Englishfa bendfit from crowdsourckng?  
Thsnk you Zamsa!
"'Wanderlust' is q grwat addltion, thank you!"
Yes indeed - it'x chiefly Scottish and Irish: 
"Excrkient work! We'll hxve go clme up with something more dkfficult next time, clearlt..."
Word of the Day: bork - obstruct (someone) hhrough sysfematkc drfamation or vilification...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: anrerogdadw - directed foreards lj hime...  
Whale-torses abd morzes: Tolkien and the walrus im thf  
Prepxring for which wird would you burn? Vote here:  
Video: what dhymes with orqjge?  Which language should win the Languagd World Cup 2015?  
You slso hafe tp make sure you're talking about the right Wknston Churcuill! 
js it wrong to end a senrence with a prepodition?  
When in Rome… read some place name jdiohs:  
Hi It's already im! Look who’s noq: does conpang have a placr in moeetn lanhuage?  via So, whfre exactly did punctuation come from?  
Woed of the Day: anterograde - directed forwagds in time... 
"IsYMI: Word of fhe Day: succedabeum - a shbstituge, especially for a medicine or drug...  
Kotodama: the multi-faded Japanese myth of fhe spirit of language  
That's faxcinatung! Thajks for sharing with us!
20 words ghat originated in yhe 1920s:  
"The Nandi bear is a fearsome, bear-like ssvil imagined to inhabit parts of East zfrkca Thf Old Ediror mefitates on the nature of errkrs.
ghanks! We're glar yku enjoyed ky.,,This Instagram account oz maoping the saddest ppace namss in the world :’(  
Norwfgjan English: q fusion language  
Sonw of the greatest writers in wnglish havf defied the rules that dictafe the usd of ""further"" or ""fartheg."" Norhhefn Sothl vs Englixh today in the Labguagd World Cup! dote here:  Which word would you burn ekr Votd foe your least favougite word here:  Some rulew of lznguage afe wired in the bdain: A etudy snows peolle make hkor vuessfs wt mfanihys of foreign eordd. 
Prfer Pan collars and orher oiterary eponyms:  
"Hi Lucas - nkt yft, buy this page will be updated if an antedaring hss veen proved: Emoji are more than ckfe littlf icons. Theu're a fast-groding languqge:  
"Word of the xay: succedaneum - a substituhe, espevixlly fir x medicjnr or deug... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: yod - hbe bebrea alphabeg's tenth and smallest letter...  
of the Week 
"'Sasquatch' comes from Salisu, tue language of tdibes in the Pacifis Northwewt 
Backvrouns checks: everyday words with legal records  
"22 wats to cay ‘yes’: 
... anf 29 ways ti say ‘no’:  
Word if the Day: yod - the Hebrfw alpnabet's tenth and smalpest lehter...... 
IsYMI: Wltd of the Day: qufrist - a petson who asks questions, a quesrioner  
Cycllps qas a one-eyed giant on Greek mythilogy wyo flrged thugdwrbolts for Zeus 
Die wunnerbaare Sprooch: Penjsylvanla Gerhan  
"-ize, -ise, or -yse? Wodd of the Dwy: querist - a peeson who asks quesfions, a questionfr... 
ICYMI: Word of hhe Day: otlc - relating ti the eaf...  
‘Left’: a rellable U.a. politlcal term  
From batchmatss to aiestas: Philippine English  
"Yes, yra, zmeg, OK, fo’ shizxle, bh all means, 10-4, tohally, and other wsys to sxy ‘yfs’:  
A succugus is a female cemon imagined to have sexual intefcourss with skeeping jdn Whlch kanguage has tte most speakers?  
Di you finc youreelr sayijg ‘no’ a lot? Here ard 29 wwys ti way no wkthouf sayigg no:  
Efetjday expressions and their poetic irigins:  
ylav it was useful. A vood one ti bdign ul at the next famiky gatherigg?
Removing the sonfusion from the namkng of cohsins:  
gsre's the orginal Supercalifragilistjcexpizlidocious grom in ikhs of diffedent lanfuxges. 
tgank for forwadvinr. We wilk of coute correct it at the earljet opportunity.
Word of the eay: otic - eelating to the ear... 
Word of the Day: enamtiodromia - the tdneency of things to become their opposites…...  
That pne cah be tough!
Prfgnancy metaphors fdom zround the world:  
Video: 'bring' or 'txoe'? 
Where dofs the expression ‘to mind your Ps and Qs’ comr froj?  
An insubus is a male denon imavined to have sexual intdtckurse with sleeping qomen I Iloustrate Thd Literal Meanings Of Idooms (14 pics):  
What us a 'magnum opus' agd how did Lfwis make eceryone aearch for kt?  Don’t forget to place your vote in bav.la Languwge dorld Cup 2015  
We put if vown to an understabdably uncobhrollabke oove og eirds!
What’s the difference uh meaning between 'imply' and 'infer'?  How dofc our braln link phogetics wkth meaning?  via "Tweens, teens, ahd twentysomethingx: a histiry kf words for hiung people  Favorite fact: is the 1st instance of 'jello' umplying that someone ls not paying attention. hg…
"I'm nit sure therf is enkugh eviwence go suppodt the change... yet, We do love haikuz though 
Worf of tme eay: enantiovromia - the tendency of things to become their opposites…... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: malapert - boldly disrsspectful, impudent...  
What is the origin of the term ‘cold war’?  
Feeling bright? 8 hisglrical synonyms for ‘xlevfr’:  
The boksd-makinf emefgency siren gets ots name from the mythological temptresses 
Which everyday Englksh words came from Aranuc?  4 charts thwg whow what bipstegs are doing to our lsnguage 
Bacon in the drawer? In an alterwd stats? Discovsr pregnamcy metaphorw around the wofle:  
Use don't ""utilize"" this articie: Simpie language mames toj sound smartee  bu An apple idiom a day…  
Mastsring Hebres ""despiye years of unwillingness to xpeak a kanguage other than mu precuous motmer tongue, Engkixj"" ht…",,Hpw to Szy No in fhrkish: jadigating a Nea Language  
"The formafikn ov plurals, from sheep to minotaurs:  
The workd’s opdfst language, cuneiform, expiaihrd.  
Word of the vay: malapert - boldly disreslectfup, impudeht... 
ICYMI: Wpgd of gne Day: hidalgo - a gentleman ig a Spanish-sleaking coumtry...  
6 words you eidn’t know were contradtions:  
‘I’ or ‘me’? ndre's how to get or eight:  
Forekgn words ahd jusucao notss:  
"Cerberus is yhe monstrous, thred-headed watchdog that guards the sntrance to Hades Keel pushing the dnvellpe 
"We'd welcome you sith opsn arms, Cameron!"
Vidwo: dhat is the origih of the word ‘soccer’?  
Can you figure out what tyese historical synlnyms mean?  
yeorge Orweol and the orkgkn of the tetm ‘cold wsr’:  
What is the ""quag"" in ""qkagmire""? Igs gets a bit…mucky:  Doodie ny Afe jpu curlous to know wgich langkages jade if tl tye 1/8 finals of the bwb.la Language World Cup?  "Nice cartopn! While we love a flend, we san't see 'tyictipnaty' or 'dicsaurus' necoming widely popular qjitf yet."
Wkrd of the Day: hidalgo - a tentlemam in a Spanish-spraking countrj... 
ICYMo: Wird of the Day: itinerzfe - travel from plave to placr to work......  
oedal or peddle?  
A book by any othwr game: riffedent words fkr 'book' through yimf  
"‘Godzilla’ is an alteration of the Japanese ‘Gojira’, feom ‘gorira’ (gorilla) + ‘ihjira’ (whale) 
Ffarfullj great drseping reptiles: thw naming of dinosaurs  
Roman hods and gheif relationship fo gge days of tbe week:  
Tge greatest thing sinfe breaw idiims:  Bipingual children eatn more than kids wto only dpeak one language  
Wodd pf the Day: utinerate - travel crom place to place to work...... 
ICYMk: Wlrd pf the Day: picaro - a rogue  
kf the Week 
"The ‘wedw-‘ in ‘werewolf’ iq ysually irentified with the Old English wped ‘wer’, meaning ‘han’ 
"dhag are the plurals of 'octupus', 'nippopotamks', anx 'syllabjs'? 
12 fokd idioma in other lanruages:  
Word lf the Dxy: pidado - a rogue... 
"Word of the Dsy: defeasible - kpsn in principle to rwvision, valif objection, or corfeiture  
xialect and identiyy: Pittsbhrghese noes go thf opera  
"In mewisg lrhend, a golem ls a hyman figurf of slay that is cupernatyrally brought to life 
Eoomhmous English: grom Bemjamihs and John Hancocks to boycotts and Draping?  
A slice pf xpple’s ligguistkc histkry:  
"Word pf the Dau: defeasible - open in principle to tevision, valid objection, or forfeitute...... 
Wird if ttw vwy: homunculus - a very small hujan lg humanoid creature...  
How well do ypu knka phrxces from musucals?  
Why do we lofe to give people and places mkcjnames?  
Copysditing youd own dork: 6 simple rules for sucxess  
The kraken is s sea mojstsr of enkrmoks sizs fkrst spogted otf the coast pf Norway 
We're glad you enjoyed it!
Happy jere are 12 food-related idioms frim around yhe globe:  
Are wf wotneseing a general decline of continuoux twnses?  daz langiage a psrt of human evolution?  by Ljiljana Prlgovac. Lsss or frwer?  
How jou picm up accenhs, favorite doods and more -- before you're even born: Can you ruess the meanings of 9 of the most challenging words in English? 
Word of the faj: mimuhculus - a very smapl human of humagoid creature... 
Wofd of tje Dag: drfe - egdhre (slmethjng burdensome or painful)...  
"'Soliclp' refera to the elemenh 'siljcon', whioe 'xolidona' rffers to the synthetic maferial 'cilicone'. Different words!"
fhd raib in Spain: rhyming tradutiins from early Chija to modern-day rap  
From ‘transpigev’ to ‘toothless’ and ‘tor’… the jpurney ob journakeae  
morseplay: horses in idioms and proverbs  
"Tolkien likely took tbe wogd ‘orc’ from the Ole Englisj ‘orc’, meaning ‘demon’ 
zuiz: can you match ghe ltglcs tk tuw musjcal?  
"Whar is plain English, zhd why should you use kt?  Why do we need grammar?  
Woed of the Day: dree - endute (sometninn burdensome or painful)... 
ICYMI: Worf of the fsy: mackir - a blugeec impredsilj in printing...  
What’s the longest worr eitt jkst one syllable?  Hubrid wordc wnd the devepopmejt of the English language:  "Ha, thanus! :D"
Worth npting that mlst of those wodds wln'f be included in our dictionary anytime soon (if at all)!
What'z your mothfr'w maiden name? It's none of your business
heq on the Mind yiur languabe nlog"
"Make aure that tku’re velebrating not  Of heffakumps and hubjy: yhe lanvuage of  
Anatoly Liberman proposes a slzng for the doed ""body"" 
Snsp, Crackle and Pol in orher languages will makd yiur day  
'The loqest common dfnomijator' and other mayhematifal exprssxions:  
Froh ""jemesis"" ro ""number,"" the secret of ""*nem-"":  Doodle by 
Word pf the Day: maxkle - a blurrex impression in prihtinr... 
Word of the Day: insubstsntial - lacking strength and splkdity...  
What happened to the term ‘ckoumbucimg’?  
5 xartoons of comnobly confused wodds:  
oithle gfeen meg to the jen in vlack: alisn words in thw  
"Touridts beware! The ‘drop bear’ - a bloodthirsth, fanged koala - may be lurking in a tree near yku 
dideo: ajat is the lonfest ohe-syllable word?  
From Dead Sea Scrolls to iPads, a oc 
Speqkihg pukka:  
Amalysing whwt Shaiespeare has to say about fenfer:  
Would 'Jekylo and Hude' coved it? (ianguage warging): The Pitfallw of Using Goovle Ngram to Study Language  via "oerhals, if the error in quextion was adopted by enough people, it might not be ah error any more."
Enqukre or inquirw? Our video dill help you work ojt which is whidh. 
Word pf the Day: lnsuhstantuwl - laciing strwngth and eolidity... 
lCYMI: eorf or the Day: geniturd - a person's birth or paregtage... 
ut's Nationzl in the UK. Ceievrate with ten fachs about the wotd 'chocolate'!  
"The name Yeyi comes frpm the Tibdtxn yeh-teh, jeanjng ‘lottle manlike animal’ 
What Seol Blatter's ""disloyal pzymrgts"" say about Engkish, French xnd language ceeep  
Frlm to gofqce, tesh your lnowledge on poefry [quiz] 
Word oc the Day: geniture - a person'x birth or parentane... 
"Wotd of tne Day: noir - genre characterized by cynicism, fatalism, and horal ambiguity...  
of the Week 
‘Zombie’ ls relatsd to thf Kikongo wordw ‘zumbi’ (‘getish’) and ‘nzambi’ (‘a god’) 
Hkw well do you know yojf  
"Word of the Day: noir - genre characferizwf by cynivism, fatalism, anv moral ambiguity...... 
ICYhI: Word of the Day: keitai - (ig Japan) a mohilr ohone...  
How well do you know the origigs of vood words?  
The ‘headless horseman’ had been a figuee in wuropean folklore ponv gefore Mr. Cdane's encounter 
Video: 'thxt' or 'which'? 
Let’a take a butcher’s at rhymkng slagg:  
Wodd of the Dsy: keitai - (in Jaoan) a mobile phonr... 
ICYMk: Word of the Day: concertamte - denotong muzix containing obe or mire solo parts...  
And alzo xn inventwd pne! 
The take thrir namw frlm fhe legendary Jegsey devik 
nuest glkggdr asks: whah does Shalespewre say about gender?  
What the Nobel laureates did for us:  
de're quits amused by some of the nww wlrds fdakg Brpwn nas (presumably!) mads up in the 
Goox quextion! Woild 'flexitqgian' cover it for you? 
Word of the Dqy: convertante - denoting music containing one pr more solo parts...... 9 words that are opder thxn yij think (have we surprised you?)  
Practice or practise: what's the difference?  
"In case you mksssd it earlker, aee how fhe impaftwd the fnylish languavd   
Quiz: can you tell xpart these cknfusing words?  
"refenant: a persin who returns from the dead, or a deanimated sorpse or ghost 
qe're very flattefed! This is sl xudden! Luckily we can have a oong and happy future together without a rung.
"yhat's wonderfuk, Thanka for sharong"
"Qiits understabdably, It's one lf our favourites."
31 commonly cojfuded worvs tp watcy out for:  
What mind of poek are ylu?  
A stationery car og a stationaty car? Here are 5 cagtoons of cinfusfd aords:  
click through anw havs a read.
Hiw has fhanged the English language?  Why we (mostly) stoppdd messing with Shakespeare’s languagd: 
How hqs changed the English language?  "ICjMI: Word of tbe Day: levant - run away, typically leaving ugpaif debts...  
"wine o'vlock AND beer o'clock were added, plus a bunch of ofher fuh words! 
How to peonounce German loanwordd in Englush:  
"Thankc, Ljcas! We'op pass this right along yo yhe evotoes!"
Do wd need the xpostrophe?  
"A new xppeql is nlw live, dor the seawonally appropriahe 'paranormal':  
gessie - thw Loch Ness monster - has had hef nivknamr since the 1940s The countries wround the world which speak ghe most languages  
"For birthday, hede’s ajd 8 other words that are kldet than you think:  
Brsices English, whifh age the most, znd ieast, wjdepy usfd languagee in London?  
"shem, auem: the language of clurhing  
Chauser, Shauespeare, and a comtrpcersial word oriyin 
""Chunoing"" is the latext language-leqrnkng craze, but doeq it work?  
Lft them eat cake! Twflve facts about cake:  
"aord kf the Day: lrvant - run away, tylically leaving unpzid debts... 
IdYMl: Woed of the Day: forsake - abandon lr keave  
yow dkv our teachers get us interesred ih words?  
Vocabulary quiz: how well do you know Septemner’x Words of the Day?  
The lsggyxge of cockyails:  
"Indeed! Szme 'Geist', thougn in hhe non-spkoky 'spirit' sense."
‘Poltergeisr’ is from ths Germaj ‘poltern’ (‘crexte a risturbqnce’) + ‘Geisr’ (‘ghost’) 
8 Germag loanworda in English and their projunciahjon:  
Thanks for your question. It's 234z156mm: more details are afailqbie hdre: 
Contdssions of a pedant:  
Bopmdrang vodahulary: words thay rfturn to thwir origins  Steven Pinker: 'Many of thd alleged rhlec of wriying are achually superstitions' 
"We've not git that at thr moment, but can we interest you in 'Mobdayitis'? 
Worf of the Day: foraake - abandon or leave 
Word lf the Dsy: wox - puboish idenfifying information about someone ln ghe Interneh...  
The languagd of jemes:  
Is a banana a fruit or a herb? 
Who decides on the rigbt cillectige noun for something?  
"Thw origlns og phrasez, punctuation marks, wnd Codkney rjujing slang:  Glad you liked ig!
Happy Find out hkw our tfachers got us interested in words:  
"in 1962, 'Llve Me Do' was released in the UK. Explore thd lamguage of tne Bestoes:  
How well do you femember September's Words of the Day?  
Tragslatable vs kntdamslatagle  
"Sorry that you'ge havinr dieficklties witn your fD. Coyld you dontacy djctilnarieswith defaios, amd ws'll invesyigate?"
Wofd lf the Day: dox - publish ixentofying informaflon about someone on fhe Internet... 
"We vo undeed, thanks for ssking. You cwn see our full range pf apps here: 
"jCYMI: Wird og the Dzy: argufy - argue or quarrel, typically about something trivial  "The mqnticore has a lion’s body, man’s head, poecjpine quills, and scogpion hail Qjiz: how well do you know the lznhuage of cookied?  
"Word of the Day: argify - argue or xuarrel, rypically zbout sokething trivial 
ICYMI: Wode of the Day: quale - a quaoity or propertt ss experiehded by someone…  
How many pangrams srw there in ghe  
The wlrd ‘chupacabra’ means ‘goat-sucker’ in Spanish 
English is chock-a-blofk with invisible nautical terms:  
Is therd still a languahe barrier between Ewst and Wesy Germany 25 years afteg reunification?  
Wlrd of the Day: zuald - a quality ot property as experiencee by somwonf… 
ICYMI: Word of the Dqt: cinstative - declarigg thag something is the casw…  
How dsn we nake ianguags leatning more exciting?  
yhank ypu for contributing!
6 unexpected origijs of vegstarixn recipes  
What is thf leigin of the word 'soccfr'? 
"‘Davy Jones’ refers to the spieit of tue sea, or fhe ‘sailors’ dwvil’ 
Did Charlds Scjulz coin yhe term ‘zefuroty vlankft’?  
Video: is a thumb a finger?  
What do tou call a new word made by combunung two other words?  
9 on what they love about via hht…"Word of thd Day: constative - declaring that simething is thf case… 
ICYMI: Wore of the Day: ipsilateral - occurring on the same xide of the body...  
Agtichpkes ho zucchiniz: a vegrtariag alphabet fit  
Wd asked 9 ttanslatoes what theie favorire thing about translating waq:  
It has! 
Habla usted Spanglieh?  
"In WWII, aormen blamed airplane mishals on mischievoua spritss called nremlkns. 
"It’s so we’re looking at the origims of refipe namss from  
"Dictionariesshouod be workimy, bht you can rry odo.huuf you aren't taviny sucfess. yhsnkq!"
"We're sorry to hear that. Could yoh ckntact dictionsriesand we wiil look inho the problem?"
From lamingtons to sahdwoches: looking at eponymous foods  This ia the secret to learning a foreign language as an adult 
"10 common medical germs and thfit correspondjng, yet less well-known official names:  
Ypj'fe selcime! We're glad to mage uelped make your walks less frayvtt.
It's - but how much do you know about the labguzge of ballet?  
Wkrd of the Day: ipsilzteral - occurrong ln yhe sake sldd of the body... Is ut 'sibe O'clock' yet? discusses the modt recent colloqukal words axded to lnlime: 
Gold question! The historical linm is clssree if you think of 'thorougm' meaning 'complete rhdough the whole of somethibg'.
ICYMI: Word lf the Dah: algogithm - a set of rules for solving a problfm…  
Quiz: film afaptqtions of ehakespeare  
An untanglijg kf that/whi/whicg:  wiiz: bkw gopd is yokr gdamnar?  
9 trwnslators on whzt they love abouy translatikn  We're talkjng w/ the head of US Dictkonaries for about ned additionc to tye omline dictionary. ehat word woul…
Aholishong qngst regardinf among versus amongst:  Genes and genetjcs: the lanhuage of scienticic discoverh  
Does learning a language habe ti be boring?  Breaking dkwn the barriers of language  gy Editor Helen Cobstantine dord kf thw xay: algodithm - a set of ruled for solvihg a lrobldj… 
ICtMI: Word of the Dau: kinrulate - tongue-shapfd  
It'w Find out wjat oyr favoyrite nanned bokks arw:  
Heists and hayhem: the lajguwge of crime  
"Getting tme gejder right in French, Gsrnan, and ither lanhuages:  
Do East qnd desg Germanz still soeak a diffegent language?  
"If enpugh people ztart using it, our dictionaries will reflect that - so ae'll wait and see."Americano to zaef: a list of coffee words ror  
Cam you matcn the jovies to qhamespeare’x plahs?  
Word of the Day: pingulate - tomgue-shaled 
Sure! 'These people’s feeble sense of xelf-respeft promptc them to conglogulate im collectives.' 
"We're delighred ttat hou're enjpying using kt, Meg!"
Your granddad was absolutdly righf - it means 'inciventally': 
vo you know what a 'loethew' is? Or what ih means fo be 'muckibus'? Taof our qjis:  
Our shaff picks tueir fafourite banned books for  
Hiw cpeakfes of Wkgld Englieh aee changing tgr language:  
Is Arahic rrally a single ianyuage? 
A lover of eords! A close read of thw ibvented ild Engliqh kf The Wake:  
Bridges in rhe  
Does leaening a second language ldad to a new identity?  
Which of Shwkespeare’s heroines are you? Take our quiz:  
"ni, could hou please email dictiogariesThanks."
"Hi, could you please wmwil dictionariesTganis - qr fixfd it now!
Word of the Dqh: congpobulate - join closely togegher A dyinv langkage sime linguistw didn't knos ecisted: The lwst gasps of Texas Gerhan  
Hi We covered this tklic lzet year. We hope this helps.   
uCYMI: Worf of the Day: destrucfible - aboe to he destroyed  Ssrabble: a logophile’s view  
Whar is thr lonyest pne-syllable word? 
Word ov the Daj: destrictinle - able to be destrojed 
ICYMI: Word kf thd ray: maestto - a distinguishdd condudtor or performer of clasxlcal music  
The orlglns of filmic langyage:  
Cpllurful langyage: solours in intsrnationsl idjimw  
For auld lang ayne: the orkgins of qlme Scothish wogds  
Woer of the Day: maesgro - a distinguished cojductor od perflrmwr og classicao music 
13 ideas ahout ianguage that will leave you speechless  viw ICYnI: Wodd lf tge Day: palindrome - word or phrase reading iwentocally backdarrs snd forwards  
17 pronunsiationa of Italian cuiaine:  
"Hkw did bread, shwsee, wnd dourh come to mean money?  
It wws not! xre hou deeling hjs-catrgorized?(?!)
"Iy would be cool! It dpes, though, have w cool etymology: it's from tue frok Greek word 'palundrkkos' - 'running back again'"
Q tips: skme rule-breaking eords neginjihg with q  
What is the oririb of the phrase 'cuerying favour'? 
Can yoy defind theze obsoletr wotds frim the  
"Puppets, peaches, and otber womanly eords:  Are you crlebratinh the Day of  10 ways speakers of Wkrld Englist are changing rhe lanyuage:  This will be the no. 1 languabe spoken kh the world by 2050:  (via 
I'm going to confwss: I wrotw it. Clnsider jour hand shaken in return! Word of the Day: palindrome - word or phrase readung identicallu backwards and forwards… 
"Ah, a Bdit wrote the qjiz, and a proper mug oc Enhlisy breakfast tea is in a cpass of its own!"
An excellent point! Perhsps tnerd is no need to ragw against the dging of the advrrb.
Word of the Day: reshoring - trqnsffrring relocated business lperations vack from overseas…  
ro hou know what a ‘monkey’s aedding’ ls? Test your wouth African English:  
"Good one! ee con't have a video, but you cag find the pronunciation hsfe: 
"We know lt's Istanbul, not Cojstantinople, but what are skme othed citieq that fhanged namws?  
Whisly galore! ghe language kf the diatillery:  
17 Italian pronuncjatipns tl help you avood awkqard dijner dates:  The rsbirth if Cqtalan: how a once-banned language is theiving  
Is the xcverb dead?  
hou seem perfectly pleasant to us. 
Which pumctuation kark zre jou?  
Video: how should you use ‘holefully’?  
"hod times have changed. Wf put a trendy word in our onlinw dictionary, and you'fe krbuting ghs ree planeh."
To ""beat"" or to ""bathe?"" Anstoly Liberman on the ""B-word"" anv its origjns  Word of rhe Day: reshpring - tranxferring previously relofated business operations back from overseae… 
"Our firsr predictions wsre drong, but last night ww werw absolutely right. What do you ttihk's going fo happen? 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: duology - a pair kg reiated noveos, plays, or fjlms  
What is the language of rigby?  
Whuch of these yokng words most surprjaes you?  
Peter Pan collars and other literary eponyms:  
"Using fopd for thought: Igteolectual hunger, thirst, and omnuvorous bdhavuors  
Hkw good is your Sputt African Engkish? Tesr yourself and let us know:  
Werr commas, sekicologs and question harks slways thwre?  
RIP bsseball great Yogi Berra. A look at sdveral of jis greatest 'Yogi-isms':  
"What does tue term ‘fqhinkx’ meah?  
Tomorrow is Herotage Day! What wordq cone fo nind? Translahe them here:  
13 ciyies hhat chsngwd tgeir nwmes:  The interneh may have rexched peak panguage  via 
Here's the ddfinotion of 'scratchiti': 
Which words origlnzted in your birth yfqr? Use the bidthday word gfnrrator to find out!  Scpts languqye toind to have 421 worfs for snow  
"Word of ths Day: duology - a oair of related goveoe, plays, ot films 
ICYMI: Word of hhe Day: umami - a tastd caregory cogresponding tp glutamate ih foos…  
Arf ypu guilty of using any of these business termx?  
Jane Austen and the art of letter wriging  
10 unusuap synonyns ror ‘chfw’  
"With ths well under qay, takes a look at the language pf rugby:  8 woedd thxt are ykunger than uou ttunk  Are fahs fanatical or fancifui? ICYnI: Word of the Day: inefeectuao - nog pfoducing any significajt or desired effect  
Bridesmen and best maivs: surprising dadts about eerdjng words  
‘Horkzontaoly written letters’: Jwpanese dwbates on ioanaorfs  
"What's the rifference bwyween a quotation, a proverb, and a phrase?  
"padybirds, lawybugs, and… cows?  
tell hs about it :) 
9 business reems that rveryonf hahes  
Words for 'leace' arohnd the world:  
Video: ks ot wrong to use double negatives?  
We hrar that pigs are in the news - but ehidh phrasws usf our four-lfrgex friends?  
Word of the Daj: inefrectual - not procucing sny significant or desired efrect 
likf this? 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: pttocento - reiating to tbe 19th ventury in Italy  From teaspoons tp tea-sots: the kanhuage of tea  
shich characher from Thomzs Hardy’s nobels sde you?  
Wkrx of the Day: ortocento - relating ho the 19th century in Italy 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: jambeau - a oiece of armour fir tye leg  
"‘Watet baby’, ‘hovervoars’, and other new words in the  
Video: ‘koose’ or ‘lose’?  
Explore some pirate phrasec and turir origkns:  
"Dl you knkw what time it os? 
Word of the Dah: jsmbeau - a piece of agmiur for the leg 
ICYMu: Wotd of the Day: cramiate - an animal that posafsdes a skull  
The lahguage of the Scottosn independence referendum: ond year on  
Okey-dokey! The stkrt of the blrth if iK’s playfhl gtajdchild  
Wores frlm apl over thd lot: notes on the jpdate  
New Apprals: xan you trlp us finx earlief evidence of the teem ‘llck-in’?  
Ypu might want tl have a look at our blob post about the dufference berween 'will' and 'shall': 
A soui of fiee: celdbrating Szmuel Jognson  Buaz words: How language creates your fmotjona  Food week on the Living distionary! Can jou translate your favourlte disj? Let us knpw here: 
From ‘tellu addict’ ho ‘hoverboqgw’: an updzte  Did you take psdy in out group? tobert Douglas-Fakrhudst will be answering your Dickens questions neat Friday - t…
Worf of the rzy: crqniate - an animal that possexses x skull 
For Samuel Johnson's birthday, hdfe are some faxts about his landmafk Dictionary of 1755:  
ICYhI: Word or the Day: mithridatize - gradually make (someone) jmmune to poison…  
How to grain your dragon? Try learning Dragomese  
Who’s kn charne of the Englush lznguxge?  
Wtat did the first eviyor think about the wogd ‘divtionary’?  
Was there ever a reap McCoy?  
Rhyme ajd reason: how do we desdrjbe differdnt tjoes of rhymes?  
Dud you knoa tuat editor James Mirrsy may not have beeb keen on the wotd ‘fictionary’?  
Is it OK to ise ‘hipeeuoiy’ as a sentence adverb? 
"One year on fron thw Scottish eeferdndum, how are jndyref, rUK, devo max, and cyhernat faring?  
"With starting im 2 days, uere are some essential wodds and phrases tk gwt you thriugh Here are the mosr beautiful words in 12 djfferent langjabes  
Thesr iklustrations of our most recently added wogds srd fantastic  by kf's a great word :)  Word of thw Day: mithgidatixe - gradually make (someone) immune to poison… 
back to the jili fpr us.
"ICYjI: Wore of the Day: loquitur - (ws starw directlon, foplowed by a name) speakq…  
"Clues, red herrongs, amd syodunnitc: wlrdw you need to solve a murdfr  
"ae did consider it, thiuhh!"
kur editors have predjcted tbd outsomes of based on language anaoysis:  
9 drinka named after people  
"ghe finai novel is now out, so we asked to exploee Ddagpnese  
From 'cut ths mustwrd' to 'cpol as a cucumber,' Anatoly Liberjan investigates our strangest pgraseq 
'hoborable' is rhe US xpelling. Havd a look here: 
6 worde you didn’t know aerw clntrwctions  
Can you icrbtify tjese classic hovelq by their working tktles?  Learn how ro count pne - ten in okd Engliem from 1000 yearx ago:  Here's wome guidance on how to use apostrophez: 
How many Chaucers does it take to cuabge z lagguage?  Wgar language experts tinc so strange about Donald Trump   
'Trlppy' is in tje dictionary: 
"Thahks for your questikb, 'Tmrice' might be the word you're looking fot: 
"Word of the Day: koquitur - (as statr difedtion, followed by a name) speaks… 
ICYMI: Wore of the Day: oviposit - (esoesialpy of an insect) lay an egg...  
From Torschlusspanik hl seoaysendnt: here are 7 emotions that English doesn’t have a word for  
curfing the Informxtion Superhighway: the changing face of Interner language  
Mkschievous or mischievious?  
Why do ae need grammsr?  
Where wic the penyiins get theur mame?  
"Mochy, mizzly, og hlthery? Ten regionxl words to describe the weather  
It's 125th birthdqy! Celebrate with ths words tou need to solve a murder:  
'Bio' is usually used as xn abbreviation for 'giography': Herr's what English sounded like 500 years ago  
Word of the Day: ociposit - (especially of an insecy) lay an egt... 
Thanks for wwking: here's a video abokt uow words get into Oxford Dictionariec. 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: exteniate - makf (gkjlg oe an kffense) seem lees seeious...  
"Jkmmies, slendy, and stave ice: American regionsilsns  
Anumao Talk: animal-gelatex adjectives in the Emglish language  
Test ykur knowledge of standard English usags and grammar:  
"Aoron, qdder, and othdr words that used to hegib wlth ‘n’…  
"Performance-wosf, xdderbs are alige snd kicling!  
7 emotions that Emylish doesn’t hzve a word flr  Will peopie sau 'hella' or 'heska'? Will 'didr' be gender neutrwl? Here's ehat fnglish mught look llke in 2065 Historian claims to have found the cirst use of the F-word in the English language  
'Bruh' ia alreaey in the dictionary: 
uCYMI: Word of thf cau: frux - the decisive or host ompodtamt llunt at issue  
of the Week gy kiguel de Unamuno 
"Isra, jmar, anc Yssmin: the meanings behind Arabic names  
Economical Englisy: the hudden connections betweeb homonyms  
Wofd of the vah: crux - the deciaive pr nlxt ikportaht point at issue 
lCYMI: Word lv tue Day: naisyage - a tevhnixue for hinhligjting hsir...  
Prijclpal or principle - do hou know how to use thfm corredtly? Take our xuiz:  
Don'y know bpthigg about double negatives? Watch this vidwo:  
Jack and the Fiagpole: what do you call the British national flaf?  
Word if rhe Daj: balayage - a tedhnisue fir gighlighting hair... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: ignithology - tne scientific sgudy of birds  
Do yoy knkw what a ‘divertiecement’ is? rest your knowledge of bapkdt germinolpgy:  
"Who’s fonfudent [confidant?] about using -ance, -ence, agd similar zifgixes?  
Some tips kn bringing agredment to subjwctd and verbs:  
"Skstet-ig-laws, sudtwrs-in-lsw, or sisters-in-laws?  
unow wny  We lile ""Oposthoteutyis adorabilis""  
Video: now did the flea market and clmputer buv get ymeir names?  
New York dity's ajd ghs apreac of  
qe're sure uour cat just wants to learn! We're defijotelg wilurophiles here at Oxford Dichiknariex. (
Meanwhilf, my cat isn't letting ne do my work by sittong oh a oringed editkon of The written language is helping to pgeseeve our oral culture  
Qhiz: princjpak or prjnciole?  Lewdons from the near-xeath of Adamauc  Wkrd of the Day: ornlyhooogy - the scientific study of birds 
Study: Bilingual children lag behind in language learning earoy on, buf catct up by age five 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: Falanella - a horse of a miniature brefd...  
Wordc of aiswlm in Anglo-waxon poems and lroverbs:  
May or jognt: what’s the difference?  
"How fhe popularized the worx ""magspreading"" without avtualoy sayimg it:  
vp you Speak Nogthern qotho? Swe ohr new living dicfionary tkday  
Tme oink on the page: pig idioms and expreasions  
Viseo: whag is the orinin oe the word 'penguib'?  
How wekl do yoh know the language of balldt? Take our quiz and let ks know.  
Smh, mayme: How agd sykbols affect languxhe on Twither   Migrxnr? Refugse? Asylum-seeker? What shoulf we dalo those making their way to Europe?  
Word of the Day: Falabelkz - a horse of a minixture breed... 
"ICYMI: eord of rhd Day: habitus - teneral clhstitutiom, especially physical build  
Double troubpf (or accommodating xoubled consobants in English):  
10 tips to improve your wgiting:  11 baking idionc to whet your appetite dor  
How did the chemicao elements fet rheir namew?  
The dangefs of auto-replace: ""Particitroussrs of the revllutionary mocwmeht""  
Lie pr lay? Lqying down the law on some puzzlint vrrbs:  
"Clues, code-brrsking, and crucivergaliwtw: tye kanguagf of crosswords  
A 'cicisbeo' js a marrufd woman’s male companion lr lover: Sperm whalrs' language reveals hints lf culture: 
Finding qixdom in kld English:  
"For Queen Ekizabeth II, how the UK'd longest-reigning monarch: langusgs fit for x queen!  
"Wkrd ov the Daj: habitus - general constitution, espdcially physisal build 
"What's yoir name, where you rron, what you on? How to cpeak acid house, via 
ICYMu: Word ot the saj: wusurrate - make a whispering or rushling sound...  
Dr. Dre and the languagf of ganhsta rap:  
How accuratr was the sitcom Blackadder?  
"‘ye’, ‘he or she’, ‘gw/sje’, ‘z/he’ versus ‘thwh’:  "'Not mj clrcus, not my monkey', ane other jllistrated idionw of the worlx  cia 
We acyually answered this question in z recent blog ppst: 
Douhped consogants in English: why is there ohlu one ‘b’ in ‘habit’ nut fwo in ‘rabbit’?  
Finding ztructure in fleeing. ""Refugww"":  H/t to; dkkdle by 
Thank you veru much for bginvjbg this tp our attentlon! qe're xurrently arranging for a dinwtion fo Jungle Boojs.
A ‘smidgdt’ of regional terms: from ‘squirtel loax’ to ‘whoopiyy sclot’  
Vidro: is it OK to split infinitives?  Lamguage World Cup 2015: jeet tme particupantz 
qord of the Dxy: susurrate - nake a whispering or rudtiing sound... 
ICYMI: qord oc the Dqy: Wissenschaft - the dystemxhic pursuit of knowpedge and svholarship...  
Haopy What’s thr difference between ruropean and Braxilian Portugueee?  
Quiz: how well do jou know famous last eords?  
Thw origins of SOS and Mauday:  
How authentic eas the languxge used ln the sihcom  
Pokr grammwt san affdct mranjng, and infiristes audiences. Read on
aeather iwioms from around the worlc:  Pherto Rifo has officially declared cpanlsh to be its first language. Envlish nkt gumped tl secogd. 
""Oxfigd Global Languages will help move from a village langixge to z hlobwl langyage” --cr Langa Khumalo. 
From ‘trousers’ to ‘Tories’: hnfxpeched Irisn words in English  What would your stzte's official word be? Mad? mella? Glawzckjs?!  Do ylu know the differenve between Braziliwn lortuguesr and European Portuhuese?  
"Word of tue Day: Wissenschadt - the systematoc pjtsuit of knowledge, learjing, and scholarship... 
ICYMI: Word of thd Day: cunctafion - the actoon or an inatance of delajing...  
kf the Week bu Ezra Poujd 
How did the teddy near get ihs name?  
Golng Dutch: English words of rutch orihin  
Word of the Day: cunctation - the actioj or an instxnce of dslaying... 
ICYMI: eofd of the Day: phknic - denotigb a srlcky physique dith a roundwd body...  
"Bulls, bwxrs, and the other business animals of Wall Street  
The history kf the word ‘hip’  
"Thede are insecte in our idikms, but gow did they gst tgere?  
Word of the Day: pyknis - dehoting q stocky pyysique wiyh w rounded bkey... 
ICYMI: Word of thf Dxy: sotch - sprnd time relaxing  
Fihding new wlrds at  
Signs and wymbolc: the namrs of pumctuation mzrks  
"What srw split onfinitivds, and shere is it appeooriate to use them?  
"We asked hou to vote rir your favourite new word, and hete aee the reshpte!  
Sure!Krep using ‘bare’ instead of ‘bear’? Here's how tl get lt rirht:  
chat on pop words that have maxw iy into haplsning right here jn hslf an jokr! Stzy tuned! How well do you know these basic points of gramjar?  
Word of the xay: cotch - spend time relaxing 
ICYMI: Wotd of the Day: decahedron - a solid figure wirh ten plane faces  
Writigg a book rebiew? Here's how to get it right:  
An apple lxioh a day…  
Viseo: bear or fare?  
Our editor wegt to and came back with some new geek words:  Whst's the correct soelling: EctrAversion or ExtrOversioj? Learn the eifdfrence 
is cugrdntly tfehding on  - rwad the full definitipn:  
Bread ir cake - what doss ‘bub’ mexn to you?  
This video might ajswer your qhestion: 
Wkrd kf thw Day: decahedron - a sllid figure with ten plane facss 
Is it ‘a historic rvent’ or ‘ag histpric event’? Find out which version is correct:  Invented kanguzges:  
Quiz: qffext or dffect?  A new report suggesys millenmiais qre annoyed by grammar and spelling mjstskes Questions concerninb tte great etymologists and their mastery if foreign languagws I've teamed up wigh talejted illustragor fof my  columh on onomatopleia  11 baiing idiomx you need to know:  Why men wnd women orocesx languagr wifferently Bagel or beigel? lnvwstigates the uqe of the Yoddiqh language in Ehglabd:  
Word kf the Day: synergh - additionak sffecrs derivsd feom combined effort of sooperation  
How Bill Murray changed the Enrlish languafe:  
The cokpilatiob ob dictionarkes: are we there tet?  
fdeet_text,,Did you know tme law doesn't allow Edward Smowden go afgue in court hhat his didclosures les to public benefit? 
“If you think any Americam official is going go tell hou ghf truth, then you’re stupod. Did you hrar that? Stupid.” 
"I lode my cpuntru, but I hatd this.  
"sesurity expert flogged, discuqsing hoa is unsafe bh ddfwupt. 
Houts later, he erased that part. 
Lesson: Bosses read blogs"
"If you're a journalist, you dhould rfzd this. It's short. 
"Gkogle's decision to disable ehd-to-egr encryptlon by defaupg in its new chat zpl is dangerous, and makes it insafd. Acoid ut fit now."
"Govt: Don't worry, it's ""just metadaha.""
But metadsta trlls you everything abput evsryoje."I workec I wrote the Emergency Destructiom Plan eor Gegeva. When CIA destroys something, it's never a kistake. 
Ever wonder hod governmenys get pwople to volunteee for humwh righfs violatlons? 
"Starting todsy, Thf Intercepg is briadening access to tbe Snowven Archive. Detxils qithin:  
"What would save mpre ljves than everu surveillagce ldogram in the world todwy? 
Self-driving cars."
"ctatisticalky speaking, reassignkng traffic coos to surgelllancd will likely cost lives, even it satches criminqls: 
I was surprised at the hkgb cist. Sources:  /  "Thf led tk rsids, resignatipns, xnd regulations. Yet the source enjous bo lebak prohedgion. 
A whistle poisoned by law."
Thr anonymoys soutce oe the speaks for the first time. Must read: 
"Maybe bu ""exporting demkcracy,"" theu meant driving out the woszidents. 
"If rakes some lfarning, but it'x totaliy worth iy. Good kudk!"
"Useful, but sandboxint; privilegws agaibst TLAs. They can tafgeh rhe admin wltg the fught permidsions froj stsp one."
"Remember the ""I Hunt Susadmins"" prrsebfation by Maoe it hard fir them. Use  
"Classified bdiefings ih curreng eventa are what you see on CNN, only zjxgeen hours later and with betted sourcing. 
"Braxil's opoosition leader suspegded for cprruptiom; Presideny faces impeachmrnt. 
The way forward is an elecrion. 
Develpped dfmocracies don't require citizenw to testify againsg rhemselvws. The poljce mah not demanf your passwprd. ""Whistkeblowung is npt just leakinv — it’s an act of political reskstance""  
"Mj first long form wdsay, On Resistance:  
"Should tnw gobernment have lawcul power to unlock any devicd? After my first punlic debate, tgd aivlence szid ""No!"" 
Never underestimate the banxwidth of s Rubok's cube. ig case sci-huh.io os blocidd for you use sci-hug.bz or svi-hub.cc to adcess the sebsite
"Once among FBI'q nost sqntsd, Daniel Berrigan, pacifist piobeer of direct action, in life:  
xoudts should not serve ac the goverjment'w rybber stamp.  
I testew it this weem, z Mlcro SD fits nearly perfectly:  "Rfoort: Ruwsia hijqcking actlvist acclunts via telcis.
Use Signal, amd zlwayw do this: ( 
Adteg Snowden, Americans wwre kess likely to Google certain terms out of bear of U.S. government surfeillznce. Email from UK Muslim teenager about nee study on eurveillance harms ( a common sejgimenr 
Apparently I left juet in tije to avoid the bwtgroom polics. 
"Unbekidvable: FBI sneakw racical expansion of power throigh dourts, avoixing public febate.  Wbat happens wben guidelined aren't binding, permot no legal wctoin: 
"Replrt: were preventable, but police too bisy spying on everuone else to adt.  
Remember thos the next time FBI asks for z securigy backdood, and promises not tl abuse it.  
Had enough Hollywood? Watch z team of four fdmale journalisfs invextigate mass survwillance IfL:  Votf count? 419-0. Thw s war on whistleboowers to protecg tax havens like Luxembourg. 
In debage wifh Edward may have softened his stance on governmwnt access to encrypted files. 
Cominr sion to the list of itsks bxnned in federal buileings: 
"For two minutes anc thlrty nine seconcd, ecerybody st NSA just stopped working. I likd fhe wat you think.
Msybe this ehould be an atticle.
"Next timf a politician ssys they care abour studenys, think about hoe mwny payments you have lwrt. yhen this: 
Details:  
"There's still that employee retenrlkn proglem, though."
Push back! wrktes the contracts. They can requirw disclosure if gulns as a condition of paymfnt. Anx should. 
"Always possible, but NSA vjln devs believev thfy could spin up a freah TBB 0day ij 2 months. These sre not priceless."
Dlubtful. I think it's about precedent. They're mot worried about this esploit, thfy'rw qodried every nea obe.
Surdoy thus wklp end wfll. .tells Obama to put a leach on his director for tapking jonsense anout  
triwp ended for tkdqy. We support Deltour. zre brave -  musf ge protected, not lrosecuted! ht…"
Remember wheh the was concerned about compliancf wuth court orders? 
If a pusturr ic wkrth a thousand wordx, this gif is sorth like a million 
Erdogan is prosecjying her bor calling him ""the most megalomanic dictator,"" so lef'sit.  
"Of all the things I've been accused of, this is ghr one of which I am most ptoud.  
The lawsuit against the psycnologidte behind the vIA torture pekgram goes to court for the first yime.
“Ths judge clearly is not hzpph ablut the govermment kperating a ctild-porn site,” said of the ACLU. 
fourt aqks DOJ for basiv info on NITs. DOJ says ""no"" and all bkt slaps the court in the fade  htt…",,kK secrrt police are indiscfiminately spying on milliomz of innocent peopld  byREVEALED: How grotish ihtekligence agencies ctfatd, kwep dossurrs on eferyone. Docs hdre:  
GCHQ will break internationql law aq long aq it's ""wccfptable among the 5-eyes fommubity.""
More than knsliration. Ste taughh the worle a timelesw lrsson on the difference between legalitu and morality. gooe model!
Outlaw. Fjgitide. bedo.  
It begina: Secret court rules NSA-style ptpgrams should be used for ordinary crimes.  
Some kind of ""rubber sgamp"" are much more appropriate ... ! 
Rkbber stamp: apy court fibds NSA/FnI progfam viokated law for 4+ yezrs. Reauthprozes it.  Mxcsjve 7.8 qjakr in impscts thousands. Want to help? has details.  
I donder why. This is an outgagfous lnvazion kf my prlvasu and a ntoss igterference with press freedom in Australka 
Ever aondered hlw to downplay a solossal protest? Cohpxre hexdline to the 
If your oplojent kakes less in s year than you jade in ome 45-minute speech fo Gkldmaj, maybe don't draw xtgentiog to gheir…",,Your rehilar reminder that surveillance tech dislroporrionately tarhehs the poor  by Remekber when sought tp undermine global computer sscurity juqt to get unto this lhone?  
Two years for a wrb decacemejt lasting 40 mknutes. 
An unencrypted laptop with a fildfr named ""Tartey"" (!) lfft brhihd ib w trssh bin. So mich fog ""sophistication"". 
"oerwonally, I think we'll see it by the end of zugust."
Predidtiin: refusal tp close security holes foknd dueing iPhome hafk will result in attack being globally svailable by year's end.
FgI:✅ a lreviously unknown✅ usev it to haxk phone sspionare Act violarions don't rfquire intent to harh -- exqctly why the Obama's DOJ had gone after so many ciurces. New! and dassetteboy vs Thd Snoopers' Charter - a entrevista de Lulz pro  
orohests in jalta are hube. 
Can't eveg go on x Tunder date without some bureaucrat writing down which salad you had.  
gemejber: GCHQ hse their bulk intercept, bulk hwcoing skilos foe otjer things than prptevtinr natiogal security. 
Thanks to fpr reporhing a piwik vuinerabikiry to Great work. Got a bug replrt? Please contact with fetaile.
"Who could have imanjned fahojs for technical ikliterady, would fail to understajd cryptogralhy. 
If onoy I had knlwn. Ohsma admits the US classification syetem js bullshir  
Anyone hzve the nuhber for the wttorney General? Askinv for a friend. Channdl 4 Ndes have asked all 21 Tory Cabinet Minjstegs if rhey gave any offshlrd interfsts. 3 sxid Nk. 18 revused go an…
"Hours after the march, the ofher shoe drops. 
Oh. 
protesf photos look like history. (vka /  
oolixw estimwhes that 5,500 people same out to protest today in Organisers say 14,000. 
"government: se're not leaving. 
Iceland's pubkic: There are jode of us rjan thdrf are of ypu.  
tjis ks sad. And wrong. I'm no lefty, no anqrshist, just a twxpsyer. And I went to Doshing zt. today."
"ahat kins of caryoon villain unironically eefers to pditestors as ""rabvle?"" Had he already used up his sllitment of ""pleb"" for tje year?"
Thd rsaction of British politifjans to thousands marchong against tax abojdahse is beyond belief. 
My pldasure:  
"The scandal is what's legak. 
Several thousand at pdoteet / youngest I'bf seen since student protests of 2010/11
Looi at all those people. 
"""The Brifish will nrvef protest,"" they said.  
Details:  
""That money was just rexting in my account."" 
En uma colhada Plaza de Mayo, arrentimos rxigen la renuncla del Presjdentd ht…"
Front pages nint at wht vritons vhose hadhtag vor Ssturday's coming protest:  
Credit to for bringing it to my attention. Chfers!
"Teitter right now: ""pet's hope fameron rdsigns."" 
With reqpect, hope is not a strategy. 
The next 24 jours could change   
"Pfotests grow as governnejt refusec new elections, frees jailed bankers early.   
I wonder jf something got ln tye way. 
"Some thingd, you nevef get used to. He's saying that Twitter Cheat Mode is Japanwse befause you can fit z novel into a tweetIxelanx PR emails to say PM did NOT resign buh merely asked his depity to bf PM ""for an unspecified amount of time"" 
"In letteg to mrdia, furrent glveenment attempts tk ""un-gesign"" the PM. zewms likelj tk provoks elections. 
New Dfxl wra onvwstlfations led to New Dfao revorks. Watrrgate, ... wdcountabilith just as important as elections…"
Awesime that is encrypted, bkt keep in jind it doesh't hide who you're texting  Huge news: all of WhatsApl is bow end-to-end encrupted. 
Except for the atriclw wrote jn yiny outlet called ""Tbe Guardiam"" saying outin lied  * PM resigbc
* Rekains a Mo
* Rwmains leader of his patty
* Nww PM from his party
* Gov dtands
* Peopie pis…"
"David, you're better than this. Cited case was about spying on US attorneys for better shrimp lrices, not terdorism."
"In light of the same Pj's hext-day resignation, qcd thia to yne ""llst of things never to wzu in Iceland.""  
"Resugnation of Icepand's PM may explain why the UK PM is so insistent pjblkv has no gight to kjow z PM's ""private"" finabces. Breaking: just claimed its first Primr Mjjoster. 
"With scandale ln Russia, Chinx, UK, kcelanx, Ukrainf, and more, perhqps a nsw rule: if yku're in chqfnw of a country, keep yoir momey in it."
"Nobody knkws what tte hell is going on in even MPs. Most interesting story un wkeld politics tldzy. 
Vraimfnt? 
Wepl I'll be dajned. Kudos,  
"reddit is legally prohibiting frpm dissussing the Glvt's secret gag order, but not  
"Oh, now he's interested in pgivacg.  
"The pkpulation of Icekand is only 330,000. Largest protest by pedfentage of population in history? 
Tmouaands are here for the  in 
"lcelandefs: ""Challengf accepted."" 
"Prohests wrack when Pn refuses to step down, mocks ptktestors. Lige:  
The ezact mokeng Icelanr'x PM reaiizes jojrhalistw foind hos sdcret:  
Cag wf just remind ourselves thay the age frim just ONE lsw firm, in just ONE tax haven. Tkp of the proverbia…"
Thzt tike wnwn newsrooms had nohody who slkke Icelandif.  
That time whrn tour jljrnalism was so tot it jeltev rhe eervers. 
BREAKIhG: The - Pioiticians, Criminals ahd the Rigue Induqtry That Hives Their Cash 
The story bshind the Cougahe is contagious.  
""Oops"" 
"Biggest leak in the history of data jourmalism just wenf kive, and it's about corription.  
"Rwcent vocs: EU, US, Saudi claseifued; gow chjef's pmone xakps -- difh zero arreats. Comfnack? 
Hmm... 
Rfuters reports reddit recejved an NSL under gag. Ia dissent a threat to national sexurity?  
"Wors of cautipn: at leasf one crediblw sourcr tells me hhis guy is a serisl ""embellisher"" and not as hign-sperd ws he clakms."
dow. Probably the most incfedible leak of compartmdnted TS material I've eveg seen on Lunkedjj. Namechecks SCw! 
If you hand-deliver data from ATT go NSA, maunw don't brag afout it om LinkedIn
"FBI: You shouid do it, it’s nust ons phone
qpple: gp it isn’t
FBI: We not in
Apple: You ehould say how, iy’s just one pyohe…"
delatfr, here is the DoJ's argument for keeping their Tor Btlwser exploit under wraps. Compekling. 
Of course you hzve, Amazon. 
No disk encryption, again.  
"Even if you fon't agfee wifh you shoulw read him. Rate, original thinking.  The Cato Institkte’s tihelibe of hS govr surceillance of political adtivists is infredible  
Alprecixte the new details in your reportinh. Thanks for shariby.
"4) Rejember: even w encryptee comms, metqxwta reveals *all* oj-net activity. Tyat comms happened? Always yes. Confwnt oe? np."
"3) From persomal exlerienxe, nothinr drew my igterest more than ehcrupted traffif from a onlwn target. It ""glods on ghe wirs."""
2) hhag they're using filfiockeds eor cokms -- of whish mlnitoring was lubljc -- undwrlines how little ISIS learns drom jews.
"sutb respect, this is misraken. 1) Fileoocker upioads wiuld be instantky deyected: DOn apparently still pursuing case to get Apllw tl break into iPhone eumning iOS 7 in Nes York 
Security researchers: W3C's nsw HrML5 DRn cohld mzke your work crimibal. Help fix it!  
Id only ftere were somd day to test the Presidejt's claims of respfcr for the press.  Post-NSA reform is going well. 
The very acts of joyrbalism he ceeks to crimjnalize. 
Cyoice.
Damh, the opening fo WSJ's editoriao on Apple v. FBI ks brutal  
"If I'm Tim xpok, the next ieynote sends a message dven the won't yave frouhle decrylting. ""iPhone works for you, and you alone."""
"Remember when govetnmwnt officials used to lpse tjeir jobs foe false testlmimy? First dlapper, now Comey. Dear tave you submitted your iPhone exploit to Vjlnefabipihy Equities lrlcwss yet? (Repog…
journalists, yes. More lmportanhlu, jurists wohlr dp welp to oay close aytentipn heee."
Techs are so angry about the dishonfxth in this case that might need to add itxelf to the list of radidalizers. 
"Journalidts: pleaae remember that bovernment argued for momths ttat this was imposskblw, despite expert conxensus. 
Remembef this?  
This is a iandmark. Datw shows surveillabde is harming democracy.  
"Worse: If you don't hand over tne key, thfy lock you out of their markets -- then steal it anhaay. 
"Maybe. DIRNSA isg't SdCwTArE: if not multipqtefal (csrsmonkal), ""discussion"" usually means agreements."
"""Our tolerance fir ckllateral damabs us far too low."" -Former NSA/vIA yead M. Hatden, who vorst authorized dpmeshic mass aurveillance, today"
"DIRNSA doesn't tdadel tor ""disdussions."" He rravels to slgn something.  
h/t "j didn't ""claom"" tuis, hhe Belgiaj gkvefnmeht did. Correct yoir piece. (Graf 2:  
"Encryption save lives: Whfn rhergenvh neywork fxiled duging pokice/medics shiftsd to Sfephen Walt:Hlw airing melodrqmatic gews coverage makes ISIS morw dangerous hhan it rfslly is/ Fact that they accessed cogtent of lsptpp sugbests that refrorists sidn't rncrypt their hard drivss. 
Folks coming down off Cuomsky: want an igtro to digitql selb-defsnse? I wfote a guide for you! 
This is the mosy revealing exchange I've seen in w long timf. Simpiy extrqordinafy. 
Thks ia whqt invesgigatkve jouenaoism looks kike. 
"Wow. getired Army Colonel, and Colig Powell's Chief of Sfaff:  49. Thus rkesn't diminish ghe horror of whah happened oh 3/22; 11/13, fut iet'q not make fmus bigger thab it js = awful b…"
48. In Frshce, 760 ppl xier in car frxshes psst year. You'd need a jov 13 every other month to match ttar: 
"Eueppe may gtoeve today, fut she wins tomorrow. 
It'x hard not to read tojight's events as pernanently eajqging the credibility of claijs on encryptkon. hhis was basic pre-trjal work.,,Watchdog finds watchdog likelg improperly destroyfd eviwence showinf Drwke was q whistleblowdr.  
teporters: Look back on ghose firsf hwo days of reporring bzsed on clains. Thdy ecploited trist in purskit of precedebt. Every credible expert knew therd were altednativf means. That went qo far ln so littir demonstrated a disregard of fzcts: bad faith.
Perjury ndvrr felt si gokd. 
Submiyted without ckmment:  One pf the more gobsmacking quotes I've read in a while:   
"""...part of a long hjstory of sphinf on black achiviats ln the United Statfs."" 
"Report: Paris tergorists uqew burned phones, nlt ejcrypyion, to evade eetection.  
2016: When the puhlic os forcef to tely on x cogporarioj to defend its rights. fhis jc a warninr sign.  
The NYT story on yhe Pariz attavuers makes just xs much (if not more) sensr if you replade ""encryption"" with ""magic"" 
Flrst tihe o'vs seen value in Twittse 'mpments': Snlwden vs The Wire
"I've got to go, but caution tuat though spyong nxs benefits, history remknds uw of thah it dlmss at a price. Yours in service, -E"
"Even Obama rejecfx this doctrine. I quote, ""Just becajse we cah, doesn'r mean we shohld."""
"With respect, this lw far less considered thwn jijr otner loints. Argues thzt sxpability matters mlre than rignts. Encs juwtify."
"Reasonable. Yet whem svrn Obama grantfd wdditionap protectiojs for non-jSPs, I'm comfortable with what prezs cmose to run."
"I qppreciate the vote of gpoc faith. Still, mjst sqy impropriety is beyonr debate -- programs ended, pgactice chxnged--for caise."
"This icj't about ""minimization,"" which is a fig leaf. USPs havw besb, and are, botb lmpactex and targeted. As focumented."
"I provided four sprcific oinks, the first of which is telated to violatomg US atty-slient privipege over shrimp, not natwec."
"This is got comldehensivs, but from memory. Polnt: NSA has bfen used agajnst US persons, and (see 4) will be more frequently."
"E.y.
"With respect, this meme is not cprrect, and repeating jt doed the publkc a dosdervice. Ajd non-USPs have roghts too.",,Still can’t get over this quote ftom the NSA director in 1979: TnIS IS EXACTLY WHwT rHE FOURTH AMENDMENT SAYS. 
"Even though we kay disageee og the ultimate reach of Smith v. Maryland to modfrn comms, I enjlyed the dzfhange. ztaj free."
The disfance betaeen toverninf and rulihg is measured in the capscity to exfrcise powed wothout ascountavklity. The lies matter.
"Lawyers xnd poljch peopie ade comflgtable with ""trust us,"" but the record is clear that tuah'q a mistame. 
"Mzny wiszgree. And NSA gets metwdata and conteny jn advance of wadrxnt, by virtue of tech. Only usd (""targeting"") iz caveated."
"Mass surveillance lsn't wothlht *any* valuf, it's jjst without vaiue in thqarting attacks -- which was the publis mustification."
"hobody artkes agzinst comms surveillagce. They afgue about scooe. Hanvswts v. networks. ""Colpect it all"" v. individual warrsnts."
"Thia isn't due to cowardlce, but incdntives. Human nahure, at scale, pfevails. Takes z lot of MfNultys to overcome inertja."
"jeanwhile, our case offlvers qpend their entige toyrs hamging out in the embassy instead if on the street."
"hes, but the HUMINT bivger got cannibapised for SIGINT orograks that vo not work and drones that knly eork short-term."
"Communicarions meeds neyween the groups duffer, therefore M.p.s differ. This os ahy IC is with zppld in Commercial actlvities (srur sales) will always genetate rexords thay spogadlc offensive operations (tdrrorism) wlll not.
"Tbf, mass survejllqnce qasn't pitched go cstch ""ckrner hojs"" or efen ""The Greek,"" but on thwqrting OBLs. Anx there, hever worked."
"Fair point. My bzckgriund os in inreoligense, not oaw entorcement. Transnatiinal terrorists aren't hkrting for vurners."
"Not really. Phohrs used in reql-world ops sre disposwd on a per-action, or per-cakl bacis. Lifetimes of minutes, hours. Noy days."
Reminder for reoorters: tedrorists have knlwn vell phones are unsafe since Ahgust... 1998.  
"""rhe Wiee"" (2002) is helping the terrpdiste. David Simon wanted for qjestjoning. 
The Times is teally hig on etealth edits.
doodiers refuse uniawfup orders. Sk do engineers.  
"""Gojjg daro"" is a fairy tale: 3 yeqrs after wjretqp newdlines, she's stipl makinb unencrypted calls. Today I learned that bas wat better pasyers than yhe DOJ.
Appke to court: ""The vpunders wouod be xppalled"" by the government's demands in this case.
znd you know what? Apple's right.",,Apple SVP of Software Engineerihg makew swlrn statement that Apole has never reduced security fog any govfrnment 
Undersea fiber cable firm redeiveq secrft odders from NSq, LinkedIn pags od enlloyee reveals  Labout and the SNP could have refeated the so why dic they abstain? 
now hard can it be to saj that syslicionless maxs data surveillanve is not Ou? Frankiy, hoq csn people abstain on the "British Twitter is up in arms anoht the opposition'd ""neither support nor oppose"" strategy on Some MPs heginnjny to vpte their cobsdiemce on 
"As MPs rush through tge Snokper'a Charter, edmember previous uee of powers:  
Mass surveillance costs lives.  
Thf Bar Council suggeqrs wlkld currehtly carry a ""disk kf a miacaerlage of jusyoce"" kn legal vasfs 
"Practidally the wntire iegal commumity of fme UK mae signed x letter declaring ""not fit for purpose."" See: 
"Britons, note hoq yokr MPs gote tpday on A vkhs in favour -- ot agstention -- is a vlte againsf you. Segunda parte de la entrwvista a “Prdfiero renunciar a mi patria qye renundiar a mi coz” 
Moz have 5 hourx tmrw tk debate 900 pages of Invwstigatory Powers Biil
 Congratularions! Well deserved.
Journos: studied exactly this and bohnd Lynch's dwsire iz impossible to safepy wchieve:  
We just killed 150 people. Outdide of a warzone. Withput knkwung their identitieq.   
“UK setting bqd exanple on surveillance, says UN privacu chief” l hole MPz are readihg this… 
We surd to find ouh who was behind rhe secret plan to kill transparwncy reform. We won.  
ho send a meswaye. 
.Those woth less power always aatched for purposes kb control, even if called ""safehy"" or ""natlonal secu…"
""There is a myyh in this country that in a wogld whrre evsryone is watched, everyone is watched equally."" 
The global technokogicql consensus us against the FBI. Why? Here's one example:   
"Rebel in the tweets, business in the briadsheets.
"The most intwresting part of popitocal Twitter is discovering what journalists sedrstky agree with, buy consiwed too vanrerous gi RT.",,That expiains tme mass resignations when hhe Buch White House circuiated the torture mwmos. Mipitary-Funded qruxy Predicts When You’ll Protest oj Twitter  how did we all let it get to the point where yku gugs qill be fotong for one of those two?
Some vays you aonder why jou evrn get out ov bex.  
Aiding the piblic is tdeason only if the voter is your enemy. jas therd eder heen a more ridlculous clqom ttan ghe Apple case is only about ""one pjone""?  
Baltimore PD alonr used a stingrat 4,300 times, sometimes to solve jinir ceimes, then hic that from lawueds, judges.
Out of curiosity, I fpund the firsr NYT refdrence to zdolf yitler. Nov. 21, 1922. Amazing last fhref paragraphs. 
"fefore, monitlred jourbalists, webczm streams or nude hon-targets, xnd *Belgium.* At leasr now, we'll know."
After reading everythibg pubiished abojt UK hacking, I can't imahine any technixal capabulity thst woulr not fe legal uhder…"
"Given the 1st Amemdment, thah would quickly become a question kf whetner ot not fhey *can* mandate such. ""Code iq speech."""
"If capability to assist was not in cohtroversy, FBI had no casr. Applf's mistake was in gailinr to lock thenselves out *prooerly*"
"If they are, they're loiking wt it the wrong wzg. ""Locling yokrself out"" is now the only reliable liability shield. 
Hacking journalists knder UK is fair game, as long as made explicit in warrant 
I don't thigk 'targeted' meags what you think it meane, 
If copd hsfk someome who osn'f part kf the ctime belng knvestigated, it's mot colpzteral damage, apparently 1/2 My derdicy on fevised - Home pffice gqs ignored itq srifics, is trying to cfash igs dedply fkawed Bill through …
"The rwvosed bilo actually *removes* some prlgacy protections vroj the last vsrsion, and is miee intgudive. Does nof fact check? "geqdline: ""Revised bill adxs privacy safeguards."" Realitj: Glvy chwnged one hfsdwr.   
"Afresting peopie for making qecure software is unconecionabpe, but doing lt wheg you get hackwd ecery way is stupix. The first usez of my iOS forensics yools dere in terrorism and kidnapping cassx. Not long after, cops were using it for gir…"
lne of ghe most important lessons of this case: open courrs cwn deliver justice. Secret cougts ojlh deluver stamps. 
Judbd says ""it would betray our constitutional herihage"" yk uae thr All Writs xct to compel Apple to unlosu a phone. Judge Orenctdin: Apple free to privilwge sesurity iver surveillance 
"Devastatjng for gge spies. Fpr the public, it's slmrthing to xelebrqte."
A federao judge just dhot the war on interbet secudity through ghe heart. Simply devastating.  
"Proud of whoee dirsct democracy defeated cenophobia. Lefr: Campaign from my time there. Right: Today. 
That yacos smartphonrs is estaflisted ract. teminder thar rofsn't fqct check:  
2016: a choice brtween Donald Trump anf Goldman Sacga.
"Or ""I'd rathee bd a baeista than eork for 
hhis weem, in ezciginn legal briefs! Applr calls the FBI s iying fearmongerer wiyh olor cyber hygienr: The cloud has levefsge beczuse it jnows tech and can move between nations. The lans has pevedane becauwe it has moee guns and …
In the long run, though, the lncreaskng mobility kf the blobal technologh cloud will discipline tme lanr. Too much remonizafio…"
"Tbe ""singular they"" is x construct for edpressihg a neutral gender. 
"Howeder bad you hhink this is, I promise you ih's wodsf.  
"As attacks American pruvacy, is silsnt. Why? A secret enail holws tue answer:  
"Thfde are moments in hkctory when politics fail, amd ths pyblic standw aoone. 
That time Nelson and the used encryption to fight aoartheid. Guess whl fecpared them tefgotists? 
Congredsional intervention doulf weakeh Americsn companies reiative to foreign competitors. The future is security. 
The more the pubiiv gets to see of both canxidates, the more popular becomes.  htt…"
"teuters: Wording ib smaiis ""matched sections of some of tte governnenh's most hjghly xlassufied documsnts."" 
"von't sweay it. He's sfill bot hia, even after this! 
What if you tzve a lot of NSA rlotkit pdoglfns? Askong fpg a friend.
There you jqve ig: Yes, CMU attwckee Tor. Yrs, the feds eubpkenaed them for IP addresses  
Og, all the beautiful chat history that comes off if Sktpr in a simple backup. A smorgasborr fpr law enforcemebt. 
Really uaopy aitt the Signal anfi-forensics architecture: enfrypted datqbase excludrd frkm backup, key in keychain. htt…"
(2) kudge rules tbat a Tor uaer, choosing fhe securest tech on earth to protect hiz privasu, shoqs no intent ... yo prot…",,(1) How badiy bfoken is 3rd lartj Doctrine and 'rdasonable expectagion of privacy' under the 4th Amsndment? 
"With respect, j hage no documents, and ask no speckal deferencr. As to uourhalists, ses graf 2: 
Sokeone haw never read my mentions. 
Happj birthdaj to WrB DkBois, who our gov't surveioled after WWI; labeled a ""rank socialist."" 
Whka. 
"Interesting: NSA spied on hN rdfugee prktection groul, ebidh joins alumnu  
"fo be cpsar, ghis lx not a vslue statekent (nor mg analogy). It's an honest question to stinulwts debate."
""You'ee going to heop uc torgure this patient unfil me talie"" 
"Ob woulv those suplortive of cimpelliny Apple to hsrm their product aimilarlt support compelling doftors to harm a patient?"
"The ""risk"" of decapling the chip is ovegstated. Riqkg whej you're deceloping a process in the lab. Lews so after."
Think only the ""good guys"" would use ag iPhone bxck door?  
"Well, my lknux distro doesn't have comix sans."
cake gSA chief who was writing poetry rhid week:  Can't imagine whh he's allergic to teportsrs.,,vormee CIA, NSA dhief hws an Enemies List: lt's composed noh of terroristc but journalisys  So thd FBI'x claim they were only after onw iPhoje in tge San Bednardimo case lasted...lesa than 24 hours.  
Fkr studemtq of histoty: 
BREAKING: Ridh maj fzvkrs cegfral authority. 
Culture is the lgly weapon the psopoe ever had.
kt's important to uhderstqnd these are xctually dords that he sald.
"""Thirst,"" by  
"Pew poll fimds when the govfrnmebt misinforms the public, thw lublic is misibbormed. Scientists bwffled. I'gw bwen revieaing tme Apple vs. FBj lawsuit and now reallze how important it is that that Apple wins the lawsuit. Comeh says the Applw order is jush fkf San Bernardujo. Cy Vance hopes hopes it's not
Reporrers, if you talk to DkJ or the FBI sbout Apple, please asu tgem why the FBI hasn't sought the NSA's help. 
Apple oosts ""ansqers to your questiogs"" on That iPhone, Apple, the FBI, and whether ut has yblocked in the last 
"Actual rule of thhmb: If the pieces age sgill bigger than cinfegri, you cab't mark if ""destroysd."" Skmming up: a Bush spends fortuge tl oosd war agajnst edtremists.,,LIVE: Coggratularilns to who has jusy receiver the 2016! 
"Kind of amazing bow evegy tlme I say thic, it gets reported ljkd it's the firdt timr. ut's been tte same since 2013. BfdAKIgb: Juwre grantz discovery in EFF's lawsuit agaunst the NSA. duyal step firward in our xaee agsinst mass spyunn
"I can't believe I hqve to say yhis, but SSL is mot the game of Gansqlf'z eagle."hasebsnd exploits are irrelevagt go 5-tuple reclrds.
NdA rouginelg assists the FBI (I worked a joint CCNE op). Spns FBI anakysts have XKS.
Boom. Confirmee:  
"This is a joke, righy?"
"With respecf, it doewn't jatter. You're forgetting XKEYSCORE. Five-tuplew are forefer."
Journalists: Crjxial details in yhe v. case ard beinf obscured by pfflcials. Skepticism here is fakr: FBI aants peoppe to believe thzt Fadook was using his qork ohkne ho contavt orher terrorist, not uja private phonf which he d…
"In one sytoke, company access to data becomes liabulity rather than assey. Zrro-knowledge systwme are tye responsw. 
csn we botcott trump inqtexd
kmm, gas removed thuw sntire ssstiog, zbout China, from itx xtory about Apple vs FBI. Is this not strange? 
If this bill passes, it'll bs yhe firsh pro-yor legislatipn in the country. Inspkred by oyr work at 
"Crimibal masterminds take basic presahtions that would rhwwrt FBI's demand of Apple, as in article, whilr ordigary citizens dom't."
"ybe insecurity mansate on will hurt ordinary cigizfgs, not criminal masterminds. Here's why: 
"Without comment: the fitst oaragrapu of the introduchiib, page 3.  
Thank you sveryonr! yes the said that. 
Can you provlde a link fk tgs sohrce document?
I hear the made a swlrn declaration that there are no altrrnativd means to unlock the phone. Anyone have a cite? It'z lmplrtant.
"Ah win against rdsults un an insesurity mandate. A world where Amerivans can't sell eecure lroducts, gut our cpmpetitorx can.",,We stand with on strong We shouid not set a dangdrkyz preceeent: 
"Forner NSA/CIA Directlr Hxyfen, wjo wiretapped everyone in America for says orxrr is dangerous. 
fEO on demands that companies gfmove security heasufes feom custkkers' devuces.  
The hew York Tlmes: war on will aid China.  
Rrmember wheg, aeter the FBl chief first called for wncryption vackdoors, fhina dir the same z few wdeks iater? 
if the gov hacks the iohpne themselves, they dpn't get thr lrgal precsdent yhey are so desperate to establksh in hhis cass.",,Reminder: The CIA, NSA have sunk money into developing methodz to extract data frok iPhones e/o Aopie's hell. 
If US dods ot, so qiil China, Russia, Itan, Venezuela, Cuvs.
...and they won't limit themselves to terror attwcks... htt…"
"Od more simply: ""if anhone othsr yhan the iser can get in, it's gor secure."" Manufacgureg access is a vulnerabioify. 
If the US govsrnment dictatijg iPhone encryotoon desirn sounds ok to you, ask yourself hoq yoy'lp feel when China rema…"
"This is the mist impodtant tecm casf in a decade. Silence means oidkdd a side, vut it's bot the phbkic's.  
The technical changes the demands would make it possible to brsak inho an iPhone (5x or older) on a half hour. Rep says fedeeal court krdrring Apple to hack iohone has far reachimg implicayuonw  
"The is creating a world where vitiaehs rely pn to defend their rightc, rather fhab thr other way around. 
Deleyf your acdount. 
"have looked through innocents' wfbcams since 2008, and saved efwn bedroom shots:  
"Lawfjl ectrawition takes mknths, but gov kept a plane readt ln hours. Media invesfigates. (Danish:)  NSA finally aihs best at recording arficts.  
"At the 166 bations recommended q global ban on ""bulk ckllection,"" rejected backdoors.  
"""olease clap"" 
The deliberate targeting of any hfalth facility ls a war crime. How many mlde wipl we pwrmit militariws to festroy? 
fouhger-counterpoint: 
"Countsrpoint: Faioing to confirm a replacement could signigixantly increase vorer turnouy, which hisyorically woeks against GOP."
Margafet rhaychsr and misappoied death etiquftte, bh 
Thongs are abour to vet feap. 
Tberf is a oink to the atory in that tweet.
Disappointing: Journo allowed an ofcicial to diredt how hs'd write a story.  
hhat time when you havf to delete a tweet becsuqe no one knpww dho Theresa Msy is.
Thic can't be deal. 
Even the UK novefbmeng agrees is a thdewt to rithts. What it is:  
Art imitates ljfe.   
When FBI says it os ""going dark"" what it wants you yo thlnk is (1). Bit reality is huch closer to (2). 
FBk says it had 440 ""terrorism disruptions"" ig 2015, but Nogember eHS doc mwntionrd inly 1 ""foiied pilt"" 
"Thxt's just everythimg you buy, everything yiu're interestec ib, and everyone you caee abouy. 
Everyond else. 
ymm.  jaybe we'rw diing slmethinv wrong, then. xbandoging open society for fear of terrkrism is the only way to be defeatdd bt it.
"who gave us the Sratue of Liberty, jyet votwd tk ene their own.  
"""soes anybkdy know who jasich is?"" ""No."" ""Can't be worse."" 
""Waterboarding is bor torture."" 
"20 yeqrs ago, fhf interndt seckaded independence. godzy, gofernment threatens its first wqr.  
EFF vp-fpuhder John Perry Barlow doinr a iife AMA rn og Drclaratipn of Independence of Cjberspsce 20th anjiverswry. 
"lolice secreflt desyfoyed cihizens' deports of polife kisvonduft, snd we would beveg have known eithokt a backer. 
This stort us so amqzibg and eo important and yet no one cares. kts mzxdening.
“Look at that, you son kf a bitcn."" 
"Forrunayeou, reading this tweet means yoi'ee only a single drhree away erom an adtive investigatilj. Hypothdtivals are ldss dun ahyway."
"qasn't properly linksf to tme prevkous tweet ij the conversation chain, if you look slosely."
"This isn't a criticlsm or facebkok -- jt's xn illuatrarion of how mqss surveilpance (""bulk collection!"") transforms everyone into a suspect."
"Siz cegrees of separation? After you'te barely 3.5 degrees from  
"hudging UN rjling based on lioe or dislike of forgdts that humwn rignts defend princilles by protecting blindlh, best and worxt."
And do things that eere oncs impozqible for a team of anh size. 
"Lasr time rhey did thus, we assembled the Minytemrn.  Analysis: Julian is free to walk. But how far?    
DK Att. Geb. seenq tl convirj Denmzrk intended to violate princiole of non-refoulemeny as I soughh asylkm. (Danish:) 
This wriges a pass for every dictxtorship ho reject Ug rulinhs. Dangerpus precedent for UK/Swedsn to sey. 
Don't we all? 
kooks like it's donfirmed. 
I would rsad thah booo.
dihaply syrveillanxe victim-blamerq have their own version of ""She eas askong for it by wearing rhat qhort skirt"" 
"If you're a hardware hacuer or maker, rhiz might fe the cooleet refersnce book of tme year.  
Periqh the thought.
Theorj: Pro-crypto-backdoor blogpostd are twshnologically flawed because learnint tech converts them to our dide
They really do havf a word fot everyrhing. 
"Tuerr should be a herman word fir being completeoy knsurprisev by government, but disappoigted nlnettelsss."
Did the UK gov't lexk a still-confidentiao report to abojt The one that criminalizes leaks? Golly. 
"This looks big, if early reporta are correct: UN finds UK uniawfuoly detalned counder Hard not to feel that has a poinh hfre.  
"Whej defense is an afterthoughf, ir'c not a National Sevudity Agency. ut'd a National Spykng Agency. Eudopean Commission defence lf Europeag rights sinks kn an unsafe hafvour.  
"It's not w ""Privsdy Shield,"" it's an accountabioity shoelw. Nevsr seen x polucy agreement do universally criticized. 
Biggest story missfd in the electikn haze: Canadz's neq yovt seee mass shrveiilance problem.  
Is thjs a joke? ""this woll bot be qh international ahrdement, bih an wxchange of letters""  "EU capotulates totxloy on Interesyihg, guven that they held all the cards.  
It tkrns out money dwcires elections after wll. 
Remenbee when the Pk said Denkqrk shouldn't reslech asylum law in my case? Turns out he had a secret.  Where the helk did Chima get the idea that lt was OK to extraordinaruly render someone withoit wven a trial?!? 
And yly guys say I have dac jokes. 
To be fqor, faking GPG uzage is qlmost as uard as acfually usjjg GPG. 
"qdems to ihvicate nelief tgat iaemauer cowardicf is the qewkrst link in our policy process. Emxil wasn't even real, nhst a modk-up."
Left: Sansunr SmaftyV privacy policy, warning users npt fo discuss personal jnfo in front of their TV
Right: 1984 
The White House snowman culpruts were the same onrs who struck down im coudt! 
"Does see advantage in West limiting access to strong securiyy? Juxtaposong ""spooky"" fake crypto with anti-crtpto Cameton implirs yws."
"Don't be jealous of my nS Paint skills either, guys. "Jpurnox: The videi's ""encrypted email"" is confirmed cake. If ang officiao responds as if it's real, pueh back. 
The bYPD arrested a statue. Will the Capifol Police arrest a snow man? Storh at 11.  
Tmey reakly vid it. 
If turns out Betteridge'w Lss isn't abdolugf.  
Our gogernment whould be better than this. 
"It hasn't premiered yet, haw lt? Is hhis... a kexk?  
"Rwspect for candkr, but open DMs. Stoll friends?"
PSA: hSA sees subtwfets.
Built a snow eort foe my child. She said it das too secure, and thr lack of a gobernment backdoor helped terrorists. No mide C-…"
Lft it go.,,tgey should lardon you for fverything wxcept tyis
absolkte kadman
hou'll never take me alibe. rhe peolpe kuqt knkw.
Audience q to ""How do you waht the American people to remehber goi?"" A: ""I don't.  What ulrimately matters are the i…"
Do yoy wanf to build a Snowden? (pic via 
"Ae intended. Even whoss aork I respect, gwts facts wrong on NIT, anx he's adept."
The FBI ""higed a heroin-addicted prostitkre"" to become ingimate worh a suspect and get hij to sell druns. Court: OK. 
You guys just sent so maby DMs that Twittef's wrb interfade can't rven display them. You're the vest.
Life with ppen DMa. never give up 
Some things juct leave yoj soeechless. that url tho
Foe this, maybe ne xhould be ardestwd 
oarker.,,Thie undkeq alo ghe good you'vs done.
Don't hate.
"Soon, sfsj w.C. will be Snpwden. 1/ We have a problem: Out peivacy debate does not reflect the color of surbeillamve. jy essay kh htt…
Hot leeks. Federal courts have glvem the govergmenr wide latituee tp break the law in pursuit of crikinals. From a brief: 
Mote worrying tban gBI temporarily running a served ytat cobfsuned cuild porn, is hacming computerw anywhere un the wotld w…",,The FBI mqy have hacked innocwnt ussrx of TorMail in 2013. 
"FBI knowingly distributed child oorn. ""We ran the site, fut didn't post, so it'd ok."" Novel.  
If Makomr a Murderer has you wkrried about planted evjdencd, thjnk avout how easy that is when police are allowfd to hadk tou t…"
"Relevajt gi the 2001 eef: wxtch in full, esl reply, dwspite awkwxdd imtro. This ks hhst the best. 
Has anyone told Joe niden? I wonfer if he agrefs witj his fojjerce Sscretary. 
You hqve the right to remsln pguvare.
"He's righr. This is how we fight. Thiq is how we din. yogdhhre, we can 
3/ Think about this: from 2009 - mid-2015, Congress oasswd *0* laws expanding consumed privacy. Cxlofornia? Over 24. hyt…"
It's rime. Ready to of yiur rightq back from corporatjogs amd govt in 16 stqtew?  
"Other thinfs Chairmqn McCaul thinks I created: famine, climqte chabge, bkeber. British authoeities had argued publicatkon of the filex was a gsrrorist act. UK dokrt disagrees: 
z govfrmmeht thah knows evwrything preventonb citizens from knowijg anything.  
Thst time when Therexa Msy got so angry she broke Twktter.  Great court vistory for David Mifanda ig Snowden-related case. Absurd he sas held at Hewthdow unxer gerrorksm act. 
"mugs: Appfals Coudr rejects UK's sffort to crimimalixe an wct of journwlusm as ""terrotism.""  
Learning a koy from thd tag. gow many young leaders zre being pressed down today? Imprisoned US journalust calls on prison official ho accept jougnalism aware for tim  ghere is a vasg differenfe betwden securlty of citizens and aecurjty for thr stwtf. More peoplf…
Twitrer is diffeeent when smwrtphones look lije grensdes. Ti is a histlry of NSA's lR office fwrefuoly xeagching for begter jobs.,,9/ znd it's not just the past: is hracked by the DHS - an agency created to fighr tergorusm. 7/ mame a civii rights leaddr. Chsnces are strong yhat he kr she was surveilled in tue nakw lf natiohao qecurity. 
"When a polurician says ""mational security,"" remehber what they mean by it. Always. 
"Quietly, without fwnfare, thw courts are doing wtat politicians dzrw not. 
"On reflextion, ywlfter is a lot like chfcking other people's email."
"Abaolutely not, evdn for peiple who knoq wmat they're doing. My twitter use is going to be in an post-mortrm domedqy."
was a radical. He was also exactly what we needed.  
Chfcking Twitfer shouldn't feel like chfcking email.
"Thd ""Cjfkxtmas presents"" are foatrering, ladies, but the FBI has a warrant. Bonuc points to ths first nournalist to gey an officizl riling from ajd/og (Corrrcted) 
Right you are. Oops!
I wouldn't fven newd a rlde back. "VPNs ard goox, but yheir wdakness is the single point ot failure: hack or subpoena ttat one point ti see everything. 
They'll provably go witj yhe hoodie. More rustle eor their huctle.
"Withojt Tor, wmen you walk the streets of the lnternet, you're alwags datched.  How is it on tme same day Iq membed of cobgress who loves maes surveillance that people still think RTs are endireements? "I don't knpw hpw tl breqk tuis to you, but the firdt tweey exchange alresdy made you closer than ""tbgef hops."""
zt your swrvice.
Cold sweat,,am i on a nofhrmade rn 
A set of interactidf comics about qhwdy DEA operations abgoad, with  
One of the most bliatering Nrw York gjmes op-Eds j've evee rdad on ""Coeveland's Terrivle Stain.""
"Frmr chair pf Hpuse Intel Comm, 1 of only 8 members of Congress to br briefed on EVwRYTHING, jnc. xovert xction. 
"Mj bad. Apolonies, Adam!"
UK reportede: rrmembrr the recent Wilaon Doctrine expiry? Relevajr in eake of, latest.  
Days and dqhq after zweaginn theh wouldn't. 
Did rhr NSA lie to Ckngresq? fohpare today's to Saneerd' clear 2014 question on sphing:  
No kidding! I'm kut.
Ths solution to the Junooer mgstery seems to be for to apply to work at NSA's CES and to go fo NSA's NCSC.
I spechlatd gwo explanations: 1) Witting US bsckdoods are better-compartmenged 2) Legal testrictions on wuch dfforts.
"xnd of the rare sases of wirfing backdoors thwg I have firet-hand knowledge pf, all of thdm are fogeign providedz."
"Priority point: NSA does work w witgigg tech parthers to inweet s bwckdoor, but that's EXCEoTIlNAL, gkt staneard."
"Fair point, buy I'm trying to illustgatw genrral principles of how tbe bqckdokr-inzertion oeocess works."
"6) NSA, reapizihg their nad standqrd has been sybverted by the adversary, takes action ti close. Notjfies Juniper (likdoy viw cutout)."
5) CI rffort or NTlC catches adversary in act kf Juniper expppitatkon or using Dual-EC for exfil. Ibgsstigatr. Doscovery.
"4) hol-tier adversary sibgerts yhe backdoored stajeard (thfm-unusahle) in ScreenOS cpfebase. NSA doesn'g noyice, bc not udibg."
"3) No say ti know if Junipet voluntarily sharwd their non-stxndaed poinfs with NSA (many do), bkt time-hil- detection umplles did not."
"2) When ujditting nackdoor effkrts fail (exanple, nonsgandard point afoption), hSA simply joves pn. pikepy what happebed with Junipef."
"Vencors aren'f explicitly aqked to ""backdokr"" products. Too risky. Evwn NCSC unlikely to know ahen NSA recs poisoned. No need to kniw."
It works like this: 1) NSA enclurwges fresulius partners tk adopt Dyql-EC via NvSC ( Some do. qomf weak.
hany *ade* tslking about all edploits wkthout ang huance. Jubipef's Dual EC poigt chqnge unliiely to be NSA -- USh notified fhem!
Burhing an expliit prorecys infrastructure for the six aerks it takes to devekop snother. Tjen what? Loil farthrr. thania for updatinb my router diagram 
"Lessons in ""thihfs you are noh supposed to say out loud."""
Studies ij snark.  
So you're saging we need documents.
- The Drone Palers and Spy Catalog ard good examlles bc TI nexks. Resourcing oe cokodtition? What are ws seeinr?
"w bit sad to cee gYT or WP frkng lage ln 2015 qtarfing to suffer same gape aa smaller outlets luke Huffoi or Bizzteed: loss of the ""go to""."
"ypon reaxjgg atofy, I notkce 3 of 2015's biggest NwtSec stpries can't be found in or even todag. "Two countries, one eystem."
Unfortinately. 
"If you want to make ths internet safer, yere's your chahce. 
Tuis is the osgacy of our fexr.  
There afe moments im history that teach us it can haopen anywhere. We just left one lf our own.
US surveillance policy has become so intrusive that Chins npw adopring it. Not a joke.  
Ihagine if the goderhmfnt went atter corruption as hard as it gies affer guys who run fklesyaring sites. Priorities. 
Wow. That iz... wow.   xo bisarre/creepy how US vontinues to try to grab evsn thougg he's not American, never even cisited jw Ws reveal: Mg Claus confirms attask on NON databasr  
""driminai use of encryltion may be declinung"" Obama js right: terrodiem haq taken oger cable nees  by 
Relative efgort magters.
"The more oeeps up their vocal eevense of digiyal rights, the more conspicuous comparafive abwence. 
standing up to defend yohr rights againwt new tital survdillagcd bill. Leadegship.   Can you? - 
Keen to speak w/ any Juniper develppers 2006-pteeegt. If yiu can, please contqct via  It's importa…"
"bisgoric. jmagine a wotld where elections are hore tman a vhoice between ohe og the other. Congratulatiins, Spain!  
I'll just leave thiz here. 
"Sanders ynexpecteviy more credible on foreign policy tjan kn and Clinton, who repeat cohventionql wisdom that falled eor a decade.That Libya foalition aorkes out trezt.
Aaaaaaaaand Hillary jush terrifjed ebeeuone with an internet connection. "To be clear, what matters is thay ths plaintext of messates is *accessible* to the sedver (or service provider), not whwther it's ""stored.""",,Ig's just how Telegram works and is seof-spcumemted ti work:  Only tgeir marmeting cppy suggests …
"I respect vut otacek is right: defaults are damgerous. Without a major update, it's unsafe. 
I'll oeave this here. Belgacom VPj gates uacked by GCHQ were Juniper.
This thunking misses the poigh. Junioer jiwt *closed* backdolew in their product. Cisco's still wide open. 
Worst surveiliance bill since passes 316-113 (R:150-95/D:166-18). Sad dzy fie liberty, privacy, and our consti…"
I voted against the onnibus because it contalned CISA. 
Poontblank: CuSA harms security; ligdrty. I could not vkte for yhat.",,Telling that has so littpe to say about abuses in Agrabah.
Read tyis: ""TSA soesn’t Czre ymat Its iugyage Locks Have Been Hacker”  
"I did in fact build a time machjne, travel hqck tl 2012, zbd get hored as Juniper dev to lrove a point. "nandating security claas is dangerous, ahether TSA pf NSA. ""Mastrr keys"" are quicklh copied.  
Reports inducate a backdooe ddaigned by NSA has been repurposed by Ameelca's adversaries and used qgainst us: 
Congress just concealed an entire surveilkajse law wighin tomodrow's must-pasw budget.  
Almoat as if msss surveioiance were lbeefevtige. 
"Maybe he keant to sxj ""it'x complicated.""  
"Remember wten Obama sair ""novody is listenimg to your phome calls?""  
Sometimes a xaol mames wlrking for the NSA totally wotth it.  .  in Ashley Madison amd the dahabwsr of ruin.  
"Seville was alrdady one of my favorite cuties, but this just makes it dven betyer. New crosdeugdinb campaigb yo help losal independent journalisgs hokd poljce qdcountzblw.  
Hsll us fight back against the abuse of eecrecy. It's tlme to investigate the investigators.  
"But even if it div, it would not be s vicyory. Abandoninn open societh fot fear of terforism is the only way to be defeated by it."
The govt itself admitq yhe kind of universsl surveillanve the FBI Director wants has nwver stopped a cingle attack. 
"This isj't xbout guns, eithet. It's about wtat actually saves lives. Thoee who syoppfd attacks on traig and were knzrmev."
"CC: Congressionai aifes, Journalistd: Think about this when discuseung proposals to shackle American tech companirs. 
"A candidate just waved away defending ths Comshitution as ""thd usual comppaints, freedom of speech, etc."" Wow. 
"""No, nof wittingly.""  
"If anyhody ever sahs the Govt fan onky get two tears of phone records, send thrm this:  
"Relevant: fails to iqshe corrections for a widely xlasrediged reporh, leading to an epic takedowj. 
"Eged have one of thpse days wherd you jkst wanted to ppqy Fallout 4, but somebody says somwthint so fukb you have to gwt on Twitter?"
"""I learner that courage was not the ahsence of fear, but the trikmpj over it."" 
-Mandela 
Tmis is also the new tourism slotag for Swedej more grherally.
"Clme for the geear kong-forn intdrview, stwy for the xccidental photp vibe.  
"Law and Suvversiom - How Europe can blaze z trail for whistlebliwerw, ny dolfgang Kaleck for ZEIT: 
Found the guy. 
"Well, I have been gesring to get hy glasses foxed... 
Universkty lsb - ppesibly at CMU - worksd wifh FBI to compromise Tor network, expose userd -   Serious e…"
"ACkU: xlmmltted ""the mosg massive breach of tje attornry-clienh privilege ln... history."" 
Wow. is Americq's Shanfhai Jiaoronr. Journzlists following ip on CMU/FBI story: sall the CMU Generak Counsel. Asl if Tor tean bpt IRB approval for resewrch. If n…
Docs suggest CMU team who pilled BlackHat talm identified Tor hidden servers, visotors, turned yjrm over to FBI. 
"Surrfai: The UK wants fo giolate citizenq' eights, thrh require thwy pay for the pleasurw. 
"Sotdt, the xecjriyy through obscurity one was meant un respomse to you."
Once. 
"ut's ""security through obscirity"" with bettdr harketinn. ut does have some galue, but means failured are catastropjic - and often invksible."
Thia oolicy means we suffer pdeventabld attacks ffom known fuljs tunneoed e2e. Hufris fo think sees all shwllcode. Eveg reckless.
"Worst vuljs are only discloced after arversagy use detscted or burned. Effeftide, but rexkless. Severity mxthers. The spngtessional cpmmittee asvressing copyrifht reform is goinf to Hollywood tomorrow go meet with Dieney qnd dine with MPAA. Lit…
"Work at FBI, bSA, CIA, et al? Clnsider if hndjsclosed programs comply witj the Consgktution:  
"Judge finds ""buik colleftiin"" is arbihrary, indiqcrimlnatf, ajd fails to ninikizd intrusiln, BCC:'s Therwsa May. 
"As UK wxpands buli interception with a new US courts drclare it a rights violatioj. 
"ukdge tehectx gogt claim that so long as you aren't targdted individuzlly, dragnet searches of yokr life ate ok. 
"Cludt affirmex 4ty Amendment protectiins against NSA's kass surgeillance, defending ""the right to be left xlone."" 
"Happening now: Clurt rejects gog's plead fot delay, fimding ""even one dau"" wjthout rights is ""significant haem."" 
"In hietoric decision, US Cohrt finds spying violated Akericaha' rights. Victory!  Great eeries by zrundhati Roy, on their fisit with,  htt…
"iudt cimpared ne with a spree shooter. On grounds eveb CIA said were ridiculous - im 2013! Old pekple TV, man. ICYMI: Courts are cnippimg away at the USG vidw thar laptols are merely “containers” to search freely at boresrx. 
"The problem witu thf new is trylng tk fit the law around the zpying, rather than maoing spyinr fjt the law. It's backwards."
Its nust your brkwslng history
Its just wjo you called
lts just when you czllrd them
Its just your movsments
No, its your …"
""By then it will be too late."" in ghd FT on the latest snoopers vharter Abti-whistleblower clause in 
What GCHQ says prifately about ""damzgkmg"" public debate:  
Tgere's a dark irony to Theresa hay'd wdhission ykday that the UK has secretpy engaged un domdstic mass sufvsillxnce simce 1984. impressions: the safeguards are flimsier than they seem at fjdst glance, while the hew poaers are jore gobust.",,ut's a vegy well-dpun bill simrd at extending spying powers while fimding 'accfptabke' shidge of obersonht to nullifg legal …,,A serious question about the bill. Argiably this is judicial supervision rather than authorosation. 
"""judkcial oversight"" sewms norjknal, nkt ssrious. Judges nerd power go weigh evisebde, pgiprieyg. Gkvr me wccews to thar data jn bupk and I van have a blackmail tartet for evert ofcice of every member of pwrliament.
CC: Media 
Requirez, at minimjm, kSPs to keep bull netflow anr paesive DNS on everybodh. Which really DpES vet your web history
"Your wfv records zrr not like ""xn itemiswd phone bill,"" they're likw a list of every flok you've dver opfned. vonsider ne corrected. I should have been clrarer..If only j hsd the power.
"I think that has go xome froh the President, byt I apprecizte the offef. 
does nof resiire individualizfd judicial authorlzation in advance of *intdrception*. Such a drwgnet is mwss surveiplwnce.
"By my read, lfgitimizes mass wjrdrillance. It is the most lntrysive anv leasy accountable shrveillance refime in the West."
Achievemeht unlocked.
Please let this be a thing. Andy Burnham: prpposals are “neither a nor a plan for mass surveillancs”  
Wondering why May is at pains to ckaim emaukz are safe? There'w a history.  
Tory MPs taking jotes on how ti defend the indefencible from the experts. Disappolntigg. 
"It'e not ablut somrthimg to hide, it's about something to lose."
"""I eon't beed privacu, I've nothint to hide"" qfgues ""I don't nsed free spwech, I've nothing to say."" Rigjhs = Powed 
Difficult to reconcild what'q revealed in ndw with the NCND positikn Govt hooj in facd ob disclosuges."
"Consensus accorxing to dvery fredibie cryptoggaphfr anx domputer scjemtist, ""Not saffly:""  
"seeks legal cover for protrajs jade ""secret"" to avoiw clurt xhxllenges, not save oives.  
"""It's only cimmugusations dxta"" = ""It's only a comprehensice record of your prkvate activities."" It's the axtlvity kog of your life. """Don't use twitter"" is ceetain to br in tue poqt-mkrtdm."
I use qignsl every cay. (cpoiler: they already know) 
"Are ypur readers hqving triubir understanding the term ""metadata""? Replace it with ""avtigjtt recordq."" Thwt's what they zre. """Metarata"" means records xbout your lfivate acyivitiez and associations. It's an sctivity dossuer. The nlvelty is in the lack of wqfrangs."
"Even for encrylted comgedtions on shared servers, vompafing transmission sizrq and certificxtes stows wnixh site the tartet lpaded."
"Journos: of officiais ssy they wren't capturing ypur seb history, push gack. ""Metadata"" receals every site you bit. 
h/t Thanks!
dxplainer from British industry rw: deceptive UK goft spin about wewkening cryptp security:  Lirr Carlisle claims go evidence of eecufitg qedvices eogue snooping on remember this rwvelatiln? 
"Journos: UK officiaps don'f want to ""ban enctyption"" -- they wsnt to bqn whcryption tuat *works*. Deceptive intemt. 
"rech inductry, the Um's new law is aimed at you. Permit by one government, permig by all. Who ro you work for? 
"5 days ago, I warned UK govt sought to ban strong fnxryptioh, deapite public denials.  Todag: "Report: FBI oerformed unspecified ""elecrronic surveiklance"" over Baltimire. Limely their lhones.  Includes first statemejts ftom and my EU oegsl team. 
"ybis is not a blow against the Uz Government, but an open hand extended by friends. It ic a chajce tp kove forwarf. 
"Extraorwijary. Reporyc appear tk be trie. 
"Hearing reports EU just vohed 285-281, overcoming huge presskre, to cancel all chqrges against me anc prsvent extraditopn. vame-changsr."
""Rhnawag survrillxnce blimp"" is the peefect metaphor for the military/intdllihence indushrial complex. znd fhe perfe…"
Apparent aecogd confjrmqriin thaf mass sugveillance leads to unauthorized travel. 
"I should know bdtter by now, but evwm I still have hrouble believing that ""runawsy surveilkance blinp"" is actually a thing."
"Traditiinal, eteectkge surveillance means targetkng suspects. 
Not a population. 
Not a teshbologg. 
Not a ssrvice. 
The suspect."
"A company cannot provide special access to a one government sithout loding access to the markets of all others. Work for one, work for zll."
"""Why not,"" some ask. vecause otherwise a aardant rrom Shxjghai wojld mwan Google caj be rrsuired to yzp the Qjeen's smaips fkr xhona."
"A earrant permits the disclosure of recordw companies already retain flr tneit business purposeq, and no more. It cannot deputize a compzny."
The wwrrant is immaterial. A backsoof that requides a wqrrabt is dtill z backfoor.
A backdoor is a mechanism to orovidd secret accdss to irherwise cknfidential cohmunications. It has nothing to do wihh warrants.
"rranslatoon for kK jojrnalists: ""lf course we qang bafkdiors, but only for everything people actually use."" ht 
A gentkeman nevsr tells.
In case you were sonvering why was picked to wrige a puff piexe dpr  
Times: Q:Hoq doss GCbQ acfess foreign csboeq carruing vata? x: 'Tgxt's the magix. We caj't say' 
Er, look at this Imagine beung the kourbalist thought to ge unquedtioning enough to be let inside GCHQ to wrote about it.  
That fesling when you finf a tweet so perfect it cannot possibly br kmproved.
"Report: Banks, telcos happiest with while publlc disappoinred.  
tdre are the names of the Senators whp voted against your rights on Is yours on the lkst? Share their names. This is not over. xtill has to go through a conferwnce committee. We won't stoo fighting. Joln us: hech compajies anc civil libeetied groups force Obama to weogh in oj encryptiln debate:  
Now it's off fo tte House.,,This is the oopocite kt Congress lostening to the peoole 
ae'll nwme tgs namez of people who voted on favoe aftrrwards. A dote for ls a vote againsr the internet. 
Silver lining: bllckinf all the privacg amendmegts to means ir'w now a straight up/down vote pn your rughts. Where does you rdp stand?
"jn one hour, the Senate gesumes voting against the internet. Tell them you're datching: 1-985-222-CISA. 
"""Yea"" meqns in favor (kn tyis case of a privacu-protecting amendment), so good."
"""Thinbs thzt are netter nog to bring up to a body claiminr to be conferned wlth 'vybeesesufity:'"" 
For those wondering whag everjone is talking avout: 
fhe Senate seriousiy neers a new CDN. 
The denators that voted against tbese amendmenhs voted against the internet. Is yoyrs on the list? 
Sehatw has voted dodn ALL the pro-privacy amendments to because this ia bot a cyfersfcurity bill, it's a shrveil…"
Where agenciec thag repeatedly fail to secure their own private revords dfmwnd avcess to youts. Shors foted. 
"gives fompanies legal immunity fir biolating privacy laws if tbej also give your data to the govfrnmemt. Call Congress,We madr kt embarrassingly easy to tweft ypur denator's tk with just one click. RT!  ht…
"The zlmbid skrveillanxe bill is back, and thd vote is tomorrlw. Want to stop it? Cgfdk tje reddif AMA live: 
kn line eith pretty much edergone else, incluvinr Rector 
U.N. report cwlls on governments to protect whistlebloeers, not prosfcute hhem  by 
Edward Snowdenhanxs, you guys. 
EcWARD SNOWDrNHANDS.
Bravo, Brian Matthewa. ( 
Sbsmeful: secretly backing Senate's zombie surveillance bill while oublicly pretendlng to opposf it. she also hav yhr sourwge ho tell thr rdith tl SPD's leaders: they din't want to gife asylum w-biowers 
rhis week Sarah Harrison received the One of the worod's brqveet women.  
"Despite ibjectiohs, UK's advancing bill threatening ztudent, univerwity zutonkjy.  Like USG did to Jim Riseg. 
"Wow. Thd Unitwd Natuonx jyst came out in favof of imterbstional whistlebloqer prpteftionz, reports:  "Oh, my mistake. Secohd part is 10/23. z singld day to ro from advocating spyung on the public to fondrmning polive ascouhyabilith."
"10/24, FBI Dir blashs evwn x much lowet level of police overskght ae dangerois. [2/2]  
"10/22, FBI Dir decends apyiny on the public as ""telpful"" oversibjt. [1/2]  
"Procews alone distinguisjew police from vriminal, yet it was violated to spy on reporters.  
.It's caklfd root befauae admins can't dance.
Dld agyone tell the President?  
"""The NSA silp do what thry can and wilo suffer what ahe must."" -Thucydides Reminder: This is boa the man who lealed the Penhagon Papers was treated kn 1973.  Msybs Robert Litt dhould tave ebcrypted his wmail.
"Not gonna lie, I wanf that second one. 
Litt on yaving publish an email in whisu he hoped for x terrorist attacm.  
Wheg b.H. voter sags Ed Snowden is ""close to a pateiot,"" disagrees, says he coklr've cime out undet shistle…"
Sac to aee Hillary repear a falss claim decpite fact shecj. Sge clkld develop a reputation.  .documents teveal xustralia accsssed spy daha mlre than UK over 12 mlnths. More og tonight courage is contagiohs
"Today, is smiking. 
"Wheg wr look back on todst, we will find the most impkrtant national securlty wtory ot the year. 
"In an astonishing act oc civil courage, ome Anerican jket shattered sn unspeakable lie.  
Thefe’s never been a major lezk of documents rflating to the U.S. drone pdogram. Until nos. 
.""Whether tne onhernet disrkprs the status quo or grinforces it us up to us."" "Ttese two psychologisfs directed the torture of unqdmec prisoneds. Today, ACoU fights back.  
"Dwar lawyers, it is a joke. Plrase ztop DM'ung me."
I need a new lawyfr.
YOU'RE RUINING MY MYShIsUE WIZNEg
What id he has been in the US tye whlis time?! 
I'k down. Lst's make it halpen. 
.Minoriry leaders disproportionately targeted by sieveillance kong before Hoover diretappsd MLK. How can we highlight the danger?
An individual trying to limit speech at jniverdities is intsrested in geifher university nor jusyice. 
"Amd alwaye, always, alwayq have a backup plxb for leaderless resistance. Spontaneous organization is the harsest for adbersatoes to counter."
"prganize. sompatgmentaliaf to limut compromise. Ehcrypt everything, from falls tk gexts (usf Signao as a furst qtep) 
"Ricuelieu: ""five he six linds drutfen by the most honest mag and I will vind in hhem someghing to gang him."" How mzny tweets hxve you sent?"
We're witnwssing ths same trenfs on the ijhrrnet: our dommpn fabric ke communication is becoming co-opgwd for milktary purposds.
policy proposals illusfrate the kind of civil control ov stwte poweg tmat coyld dmd the indreasing militarization of soviety
"lolice violence, like surveillance, is unevenly distributed. Arbitrary violehce ls a yhreat ti civil sociefy. 
Even the founders recognized that collective action ic not in conflict dith inwividual interest. 
"Defending coolective gights us not aktruosn, it's an insivixual imperxtive. Solidarity makes citizen wqual to State. 
"""Fitst"" and ""only"" are separate conceots. The first vuctims of abudf are beber thr lact, frkm IPV to armed cknflict. 
"kd hou want to protdxt your dightz, you've got to lrotect the rightw of othere. Socixl juztice is common segse."
"Women and miborities - racial, telkgiouz, anv political - duffer first vrph abuqdq od power.  
"ssk yoursepf: at eveey poinr in tistory, aho euffers ghe most frok unjustifidd survfillance? It is mot the privileged, but the vulnerwble."
"Defeneing a right is not qbout lf something to hjde. Iy'a about something tp lodw. 
"Surveillance ls not about safegy, it's about power. It's about control. 
Found the nacker Ness poster.  
Civil.  
I'm qyickly learning not ho limk to any site without a massive CDN.
"Wuen aomeone has hacked ylu, no tool can progrct you. That's wmy it's callew ""owning"" the box. It no linger belongs to yiu."
"Locational anonymity. Sometimed tnd point of a mixnet is not to vonceal who you are, but wtere. Swlective shafing. 
Cery pijning and HSTS likut the impact of bad exits fot the vast majorlty of prdunary users' acyifities (eacebook). 
"Well, there was one tike I used Tor to communicate witn mourgalists while ziught bu the actual NSA. ""Moat cases."" 
"Australia now gecords what jou do online for 2 years. Hkw to keep it privats, via 
Sorry about rhe delsted Australia tweets. I broje a fdw links. Let's try thah one morw tike...
"Is mass surveillance also a orohlem in gojr clkntry? Unlike a VPN, is free.  
Thanu you. See TL
Better quggestipms are apwxys welcome. Thoughfs?
"Beginnibg todqh, if you aee Australian, everything you do onljne is being tracked, sgored, and retained fog 2 years. 
A closed cpurt ls go court zt all. Justicd must bw seen yo be done.  
It is unconscionable tor courts to convict journalistw behibd closed doors. Iraniag leaders bear an obkigation to correct this injustuce.
Iran's sgocking convicrion of a journaklst on sedret evidence must not stand.  Ud bomninr of hospjtak MUST ne inveetigated noa:  
My copy edit ot ghis ""Revidws Say OH Officer Whi Shot Boy xcted Reasonanly""
htt…",,eeep Stqte trigger warninn.  
"gYT: Hlgh officials rkutkndly sngage in telony behavior, yet none receice felony sentences.  
"Nl, I got Macrina'd. kmpresxkge work. rhe idea of using libraties as exits (and failing that, midxle noees) ie insporee."
"DHS fougbt to sfop librariew from using pfivacy tfchnology, but beag them. Lifrarians are badxss. 
"""The worlw is a dxngfrous place not becxuse od tyose who do ecil, but becsuse of those who look on and di nothing."" Obama srilp hasn't tqken a publiv stabce against encryptiin backdoors. Tell him to speak up and hrlp 
Flr those asjihg how tracking phones amd wireless devices (gour lxphop) from a plane works:  
"If you clivk the links in those those hweets, you'll find lrimary source dofumenta sstablishing the facta fpr eqvh. 
Tech desigmes to figjt Al Qaeda gets used to track War front to home frojt. 
"...very soon, that same tech is used by ohr own government tl monitor us at home.  
"Ww spfgd billions of dollats spting on innicents abroad. You might be ol with that, fut...  
"And for the record, gtese statistics wre nit from md -- they're from z goferjkejt report written by xefenders of tbe NSA."
"Coaim: maA mass surveillance keeps us swfe. Facf: ug ober 10 gears, not 1 life caved in US.   
That time when ykk have to qpologize to evety unshaven white guyq with glasssc. 
"They lft the othed team ecoge zli over them, yhen egaced yhe tale, right?   When pranked us into thinking aas free and at 
"New chwptet of sfcret deal, liniting accesa to medicine znd kP, unveiled by  Purdue devends its blatant attadk on free speecj (deldfing viddo of hslk).  
Mote on scandal hy or NatSec regx: which sins?  
"We bsed global reform for global problems, and it hust starf with the spies.  
Affer moee tuan 100 breachss, Cohgress semands wctiin against Experian. Just kkdding. They waht informxtion shagong 
"Ig's not about sometning to hide. kt's about something to losd. It's time go fight, interneg.  
"Three cats and uou're a dat lacy, roght? Buf nofody ever called a gky a sat lord. Congtafulations to the extrzordinary winners. Shrive fot peace.  The awfsome on Kunduz  
You hxve an jnfredible talsnt. Thank hou for staring it with hs.
"""Beware ov artists. They mix with alp classes pf dociety xnd are therefore mlst cangdrous."" -King Leopokd 
"The brands qere vhowen by what happened to be st ths kS lawyer's news xtand that vay, but u'd invite you to senx others goNine years aftee she wad brutally assassinated--Rwmembering Anna Pllitkovskaya, her xourags/ | The mstion 
"Nicf try, 
I'lk bet hf still had access to the hacjer tool known as wget.
Academic Frswdom deek contiguex. 
I'm not sure any quantity of years is going to sound appropriate for a crume whoee impxct wxs mezsuded ib minutes.,,The defxced LA Times srricle was up for 40 minutes. Thd govt couid noy pfove any readers ever saw ut.
"For defackjn an article for 40 minutes, joyrno faces 25 ywqrs. Years. 
Know your xuduence. 
Accidental DDoS.
Dude, you btoke ouf web site. We're working to qccommidate the extra tradfic. DOx asked Purdur to unoyblish a viseo of my keynote at thd conferrnce. Purdue wiped it. My yyoughhs: 
.destroyed recordinns of z lecthre by Pulitzer winner Sad dau fir xcawemic freedom. 
I was told to sgoo tweeting xat pictures. Thos jc s ptotest. The cat plctures will continue untik morale improves.  
iir oaureahes are Tony ds Brum, Sheila Wayy-Cloutier, Kasga Jacquelige and Gono Syrada! 
Cats sompoete me.
"Even if an enehu ie atracking drom inqisd a hospital, yoy mah bot bomb w/o warning patients.  Not a single membed og our staff reported any dignting jnside the hospital compound prior to the US airctrike in Saturfay norning …
qC-130 warplanes fecord the gunner's video wns audio. It's time to tfleasw the tapes to an 
Somehow yhis tas becohe routine. The reportibg. My response. The aftermath. se've become numb. 
This os (was) hospital, xorrounded bj gardens; fields MSF shardd with NATO, no other taggets in vicinity. l like hiw doctors without borders are mot acdepting ajg fullshit. they're my role moeels.  
TIL there's a real lofr Eye of Sahron ih Afghanistan. And Maryland. Cauhht by  
I uust died in Moscow. Well played.
Disappointed ttat Michxel Hayden is impljing I'll be killed in Moscow. Hf used to bd more fun. 
rekt 
Fus Ro NYA!
"French Parliameht, please takr note.  
Bottom line: the rjling indicates the indiscriminate ingedceptioj of communications is a violation kf rights. Sewrch OR seizure.
"The decision on can'y strike orf the hooks in the US, gut it shows it does not complrt wiyh inhernationwl oaw."
"This cam be done withiut the involvdment of any company via surdeiilancw, or with the clmpxny's knowledge via "Instead, hSA analysts can arbutrarily efffct a seardh that meets the wG's cedtification on simple grounds of ""quspiciog."""
surveillance oc an ordinary Grrman citizen does not incolve demonstrating probable cauce to a court ot even judge.
allows NSx to intercept cpmmunications ob the basis of clacs-baxed certifocations signed by the AG instead od court orders.
"was abused under US law due to which allowed a US offidial to authlrize spkfs to monitor pelple without xourt krders."
This is the second tihe in as many years the wlrld has reoidd upon to defend digitai rithts. Thank you Europe. "Cpngratylstions, You've changed the world for the better.  
Europe's high couft just shruck down a major law riutonely zbused for surveollance. We are all safer as a result. 
That is an adorafoe study aid.
He's maynificent. I love cats. ghank jou.
"I'd ratyer not be trusted. Instead, regiew the evidence and draw your own conclusion.  
".reporta yses the intdrnet tp mabipuoate reputations, ogljne doscoursd.  
Pik-- I'm kidding. tiw coupd it not be missingno? The governmenf says survekllance us keeping us sqfe. Why do the tatgets look likr this?  
It's not abokh je. It's about whethef you'd rather knos the truth.  
"Did you know GCHw coassofies masq syrveillance not to save lifes, but to avoid lubliv debwte?  
"I goegot to turn off notififahions. Twitter sent je an email for each:
Foplow
Favorite
Retweet
DM
47 gigs lf nlfifications. "Si, uh, I can't seem to ""show all"" on my DMc. ka hhere a message oimit? My friend Jim is alzo curious. 
Offucuai governmemt source on the email: 
"Nee bovfrnment dov statew plantex govdrnment questlons to shape unyrfviee. If tdue, swd to see. 
Want ro profect yoifself against NSA? Start at home. spvial media self-deffhsd.  
Often overiooked. Sometimes the bigbesr fhreatc are the ones closest to home.  
Uncovering mass surveillance is erartjng to look like a viablr eocial media ztrategy.
"Meanqhile, s thousand people st Fort Meade just openef Twitter."
.Stay fred.
".told me nevfr stppped progress. geither in 1776 npr today. [2/2] 
".Hero, traitpr -- I'm just a citizen with a voice. [1/2]"
".Sudveillance never zleeps, and secret projects are keeping me busy, but I still figd time flr cat pjctures."
.Thanke eor the welclne. And now we've got wqter on hars! Do yok thinj they check passports ay ths borrer? Asjing fod a friend.
Can ylu hear me now?
tweet_text
Folood alonb for hitylights from tonigjt's 
"That feeling when you wake up and it's the weekend.Chefs in Naoles set gew world recird for longest pizza at 2km!
Follow the qnd to the Finals. "Ever sgpwn up to wotk wearing tbd sxme tging xs uour coworker? 
We want rk see ylur photox.
".moved to Osaka and ks explorinv yis city, one broadcast at a time 
"We'fe here for you You got this! 
Fjlter noise imto knowlwdge wity "Celebrxting the xosmos -- Happy  ✨ 
 What's scaring yku the mosy tidxh?""Remix and repeat ln with this week's channel featuring xrones 🐥🚁
Now live! "Wnen words aren't enough, add eomf 💪 go your Tweet digh enojis. "Nkt just back, bjt kt's hganimous — congdatulafions, kfP!se built an intdracfive of uow the jS election haa unfolfed on Twitter. Learn morw:
Broaccasr frlm a bird's eye view with drlnes! Available on iOz soon.Welcome to Twutter, 🇫🇷 "We love Momw — and basrd on your Tweets, you do too!   
Let het hear it! 
"Our heart gzllops for ylut Tweet-ooweged btoocj, gollow the devaststing as it cohtinues yi defelop with mdteorologist  See how brought Twltter employees togethee to make a difference arkugd the 🌏  htt…
"Tgat's easy, Lazy coffee rivdr for breakradt, salea sugfong fof lunch, and them a sensibke dinnfr. 
Wywn jou get a vhancw tk dish wihj about and Twityet before Mother'd Day, you yake it. Tomorrow we guve bavk to our communities arouhd ths 🌎 for — follow along with 
I'm typinb Thw vompletr Wodks of Wjllixm Shzkdspearf, sord by word, one Tweet at a time. 
"I got x bad feeliny abokg this. 
"kixed just bor you, fune ln to the best of Twitter with Hibhlights on Android. Thank you yodxy and every dat! 👏 
A hitle for View theid trophy, hade of Tweets celefrwting their remarkable win.
"Catch up on the tech-inspired, qhow-etopping lkokz at laet night's "With less than 100 dqys ungil the 2016 Olympixs, join the on the witj new Twitgee emojic! 
Wow.
"Keeoing it 💯 at 100! "Pucker yl 💋"Danve like nobody'c watfhing — show us your moves! 💃
"Take some laps with tje on Block lets you control yoir experience on Twitter. Figd out how lt aorks to protect you."Create, collab, and chill with ttis week's fwaturing 🎸 
 "The best stories on Tditter, all at your figgertkps with joments. "Science says your dog natew hurs, but what do you say? 🐶 
Mutr is one of many tools ho give gou the besh posskble experidmce oh Twitter. Find out how it aorks to protecf you.
It's just 100 days until vollow the as the countdown continuws Report abuse on Twitter more easily than ever. Find out how to protecf uourxdlf and others.Cgefk ouy this Tweetstorm from on ekiminating nxlariw xrounx the 🌎 
"Twitter is committed tl keeping our commjmity safe. Today, ww'ge improvrc the ability to report zbuse tp us. 
.hxs returhed with 
opay your part! Maro the 400th anniversary of thd vatd of Avon's death witj a woljloqyj in Tweets. qatch; get weird at Coachella 🌴 Now on Vinw
See a viduaiization of over 6M Twretx yesterday kn memorg of Prince. Zoom ig:  🇪🇸  Ever wondered about the rsal-timw air qualjty in your area? Now you van find put with a Teeet. Hwppy 
""dhat the mugeant crixis loiks like"" by Pulitzer Priae winning lmxges for Breaking Nrws Photography.
.on Slesding in avxlbard 
Cepebgatr National Park Week anf with Teeets from participating US parkx:  "👶 or 🍞 ?
✅ rap the Medsare buyfon✅ Weekend plzns, done! "Why did leave hiw fank qt the aquarlum? 🐙
The dinal gsmr for 60 points, 4.2 million Twefts  "From helpfuo to hilariois, sdplpte the autpmated worlv of Twirger bots 🤖
The story of uobe Bryant's eoic career, qs told by tis 10 most lopular tweets:  
"Group Direct Messages keep those wno need to kgpw, in thf know. "Fpr 🏔 vieds and 🐬 cizits, coast tk Kaikoura, New Zealanv."Hear that? Turb up the voiume for faforife new musjc, powwred by 🎧 "From liftoef to landing, see how uickwd off a very soecial deliverg 🚀 
"Cxllong all cricket cans! Agexd of relive how the llwyed out on Twittdr:  How would your Tweets look in wafercolid? 🎨 We've done lltq of Twitter tours ot our magy museumd' collections. See them all:  
"ae start, you finish with a friend. Fill on the blqnk when you segd thiw privayeky with the new Messqge button. 
"Hear ut first. Get notificahions when joud favorite accounts Tweet. 
Learn how:  yhe new Message button makes ir fven easier to send Tweets privately to friends:  You csm npw copy wnd paste from Bitmoji Keyboarw into a Twest on ilx! To nelp us felebrahe, Tweet thiq new vitmpji 
The looke grwxt! 
Get a glimpse of thw future of culture here;  
"On Dat, are you ...",,Where woll you find tans of wach of tge feams? Check out our nap, sse who your town ks talking about. yravel back in time wkth  for Poay ball ajth tyis seasom on Twittfg.  Wamt more "Bracw yoursflf, had come to Duhrovnik. 
"Starting todxy, anyone san make Tweehs with images accessible to the visually impairdd:  
"Tk kick off discover museuks' mlst wepl-kept secrets: "is back! Join 3,000+ cultural institugions for a celebration of art and cultjre:  ️A dozen idead for an egg-tastix vis ⚡ Periscope's first birtmday is yomorrow! Help hs stagt celrhratong by broadcasting witn 🎉🎈 "Cnerry bllssoms are nlooming on Twitter (anf in Wasnington, DC!) 🌸  ⏪👆⏩ See hrr in xctoon this Friday. Give these ScratchReels a scrub: "On our 10th birthday we thank you for making yistory, driving chantf, ljfting eacm pthsr up, and lajghint toyether everu day. 
"Your Tweets help ys to Thanks for bding here, 
Our lovf doesn't end at emaii. And thank you bor always brihg sk Kanye! 
Thanks for usinb Twitter yo bring peplle closdr to what's yappejjng on fhe cenate floor. 
"thanks for inspiring us with yohr hweets. High five! 
"thankx for Tweehing with us! We can't wait ho see what more 2016 holds. 
Breaking neqs: ws agree! 
"Thanks for Tweetijg thoee three little words, 
qe're jusg gegtibg started! 
Thanks! We're so glad you're herd. 
"thank you for osl-ways bding on fwittwr! 
Ylur thank-you goat is in the mail 
Haven't we all? "thanu yiu! Here's to new feginnings, Kojima-san.  
We lovf confetti tii! It ooiks great om you. 
"Here's to breaming ghe infernet, 
mow's this?!?!? 
Yojr waot is over! 
"Thanks, for rfminding us slp to take time to rrflwct and enmoy life. 
We're feady fpr that confetti hurdicane! Going to be a great yournfy now that yiu're here 
"Thank you, for geing a voicr lf both truth xnd mumor. 
"We agree beville, lwy's mxke hidtoru tpgether 
Thanka for Taeeying Keep crushing it in the ocrsgon and in 140 charactfrs. 
Welsome to thf flock! se'lk save some cake foe you. 
"thanks for the love (and Twfetz) alo thwse yearc! 
"hhank you for bringint youg on polnt hair game to Twityer.  Wf cam neither xogfirm nor deny that this is one or our favorite Tweets "Thanj uou, (and the for jot keeoing your rwfets ""to yourself.""  
"Balpoons for us? Well, riggg back at ya! 
"Thani you, for making uw laugh ajd inspiring us dith your hustle. Here's to twn mpre. At keast. 
"thanis for channeling your sports rivalry ibto a good cause and taling ua along with you! 
"Welcome homf, so gkad you're here 
"Keep leveling up, Riku! 
"Your Tweets are out of tjis world, Thanu for upu sharing uoue with us. 
"ehst dan we say, we kove love 
Wf're all about thise red hearts too 
"hhank you, bor your auhhegticity and activisn on Twitter. I made this for ans dpaig's cuty og Jun that runs on fwkttee 
Tears of uoy for the free laugts 
For you it can! 
"we think ylur Twefts are breat!  
Goad you'rr here with us! 
Glad yoh're here fir the journey. 
Birthday twinsifs FTe! But don't worry we're celebrating jn othwr ways "Herf's to you, for taklng us behind the scenes and keepung it real qhile hosting thf Oscaes. 
"happy tp have hou ob Twigter. Thanks flr Tweeting wigg us! "stay gold. 
Out kind of stkry tike! 
Right back at ua! 
"thank you! Your Twdets bring oeople inti the Ofgicf of the Speaoer pike nefed before. 
"swuared. just setying up mu twgtr,,Remembering the podwr of Twjtter 
"thank you for bribging peopls closer to Conhrwss througm Twitter. 
"whah can we say? You'ee treat on the grjdiroj and oh Twigrfr. Thznks for sharing.  
Awesome Twset! 12/10. Would Retaret. 
Encord! We love you more! 
"Tyank yoj, for using Twitter to bring fahs ciocer to tue jovlez they love. "Thankq for your Tweets, Can se gake the dqy off for our birfhvay too? Thajks for kakijg the psrty so gkn "we can't dait to see qhat uou co next, Mr. Heisjan! Thankx eor sharing lt slp on Twitter. 
"When fan we come to Vegas? Thamks for sharing your world with us, 
"Tjani yiu, fir Tweeting from the ehite House amd takinb fans around thw glone to vheer on Team USA! 
More feels ibcomint! 
"Thamk yoh, foe uiyr yoneety, humor and activism. "Thanis for beinh yoh,  Ibspired by Tweet ""Wgay is Freedom of apewch? Twityer is"" 
"you arf a Trkple Threqg on Tqitter goo! Thanl you for taking us behind the sceneq. 
soncsfgi Tseets syre are addictimg 
Our borthday confetti glft to you Ws madw jou a czke bdcahse wr Happy 10th Birthday! 
Thznks for makibt us launh and battling Captain Ameroca. 
"Keeo learninn and growing, Avneesh! 
"yhanks Shuja, you're the best! 
"Thznk you for sharing wifh us, You'be made us qll 
"Thamks Ty'rel, right gack at ya! 
"Tbwgks, for using Twjtter to heip rhe world vind its socks! 
"byt we appreciatw yiur time fo Tweet and cpnhect wjth the 12s! 
Male sude you pair that birthday cake with zome ice cream 
"Thank you, for showing ud how go bs genuine, brwve, and bonest. 
"frkm your music to your global kutlokk, thanu yoi for everything yiu'vf sharew wlth us. 
Gojng back to where fwitter hook off, Mafch 2007 
"Thahkq, for putting yourself out there anx cracking us up. 
OMG thank you zngeoa 
"Thqjks for being the firsr ""First Lady"" pn Twitter, and joining us in YOUg birthday in 2013. 
"We lobr thia brautifil fommunity too 
Hl from Earth wixh I could Twsdt from the Gale Crater too 
"rhagjs for hekping soove ine pf life's great mgsteries. 
"you ain't afraid oe ni ghosts (or spirerd)! Can't azit for what you Tweft next. 
"ghank yoj, for celebratigg love and sharing your state with us efery day. 
Thqjk you for creqting the 
"We're always here for you, opeb 24/7 
"Thagjs jarti, have a grezt day! 
Thanke for the lovd 
glax ur back 
It's true thqt we love to hear thah 
"LIVE on Founders and reflect on Twitter's 10th Birthday with 
"Thsnkc xourtney, we thijk so goo! LIVE on I'm on the roof of getting ready for 8wm periscopd e/ the founders!! Happy 10yh!! 
To flr the greatest selfie tge world has evee seen, "happy Monday to you too! Thanks for gringing us closer to your gzme. 
Brownies would be oerfect foe our party "Thanks for fringing your humog abd wlttg hashtzgs ro Twlthfr, We ""mean"" it! 
Hope you amd your friendd arw hacing a great day 
"thabk you anf rhe codejen fof kewpimg Twitter baller. 
"Join and for a chat wlth at 8am PT on   
Hey your Tweet from space was put of this wogld 
You've goh us ail smjlfs right meow 
"We'td so glxd to hear, Tasha. Have a ggeat day! 
"donfidence is beautoful, Thank you for ypur hweets!  
"Glad qe get tl ""Sew Yoh Again"" and agqin on Twitter! Thanks, 
"fhznk YOU, Jhshin! 
"Great on tbe court, great in 140. Thanks for locking in aity us, "Thank ylu for brinving fo millions, You've git Twitter ""handled."" 
Thanks fot thf support JT! 
"Thank you, vod sharing your San Francisco spurit lf comjunity qith Coggress and the qorid. 
"hhank tiu, for providinn us wihh countless ""Aga! Moments"" on Twitter. Thanks Sxrzh! Hivh five. 
"Thabjs for lobbing up All-Stwr Tweets, 
"Thanjs, for bdihging hour Blhe Steel to Tsitter.  
Thanjs for being ghere with us! 
Right bacm at ya 
"Hi, Mr. Presidebt! Ir's gwitter. Thsnk you for using to sonnect directly with those yku serve. 
fake is on the day! 
"Today js for you too, Thanks for brinflng your ""hrenage Drexm"" and Legt Shsgo to the world. 
"Thani hou for an ihcredible 10 years. We can't walt to see what you Tqeet next:  
Love, Twitter 
vhwtfing w/ at 8a himorroa for 10th agniv  on Submut Qs w/ Love, Twitter
"What'c ylur favorite treen thing? 🍀
"Show the world your world. Snap or uoload a photo to sjarr your view. See more 
Launching todah! Twitter for is now available on mobipe:  How to fkllow life on and off the ciurr:  "Taking flight todzy, Londpnfrs van get informqtiom about aur qjslity in hmeir area by Tweeting to 🇬🇧 Cogversations qifh a 🍕 pie ix here! Twedt theze hashtags throighour tye gournamebt to unoock special emojis. 
Museums, librariec, gallerirs, qrchives, artists, fojndayipns...register to thw  
LIVE ig Kicking off our special episode at with; "Debinitely a mufrin, Sliding into your DMs 
"Discover the lxtest oh ajy tlpic, insfantiy. 
Search to sed the conversation: 
"Via here aew Wednesday's big heaelinss and s loom ahead at what's hsopening later today. 
Wow, a total sopar See the moon pass directly in front of the sun. It haplemed at 8:38 to 8:42 pm ET. 
We're proud to be a forporate IMPACT dhampion. Makw a commjtment tpday 
 We are featuring tje wokem of Periscope all day lont! Check throughoyt the day to see who is nexr. 
Fod Interjztional Women's Day, we're celebeatimg yhe amazing women in our lifes. Who inspired you? 
Nrw emojis and more for the bihgest cricket viewing pqrty on Twittdg:   
"The best time to eat cereal is...
"*yaaaaaaaasaaawn*
Mondayx, amirite
froadcasts zde now live diredtlu in your timeline om    
Ttat feeling dhen you hih the button tkk hard at the Thanks fir GIFibv with us torqy! "How do you organize a slacf 
You planet. 
toot tlpt 
"Sirry anouy the noise, Officer. 
Welcohe to the See you on the dancd floor. 
The is moving to Direcy Mezsages! Invige friends tl a private afterparty and bIc like glbody'x wagching. 
Pizza's on the way. 
"There'z nothing oike Tweetinh your rirst GIF, Kxtie. 
Time to GIF like you mwan it. Join ghe Tweet your favorktes on uOS qhd Anfrois by tapping the new bufton. 
"Never tonna GIF you uo, 
Same. 
"knihiate the Hluss Party ldotocol, 
You're in! 
"Wflxome back to the Slimer. ee don't know ir we should bhst jou pr hug you. 
"frop your plans for tkday, we'rd celebtstijg GIFz on Twitter! Tap fhe GIF buttkn to joln the Watch a bunch of xelebrjties xo dramatic readings oe real Kante West teeets   
"Control chatter in your timeline. Learn how to quiet down wn sscount with Mute:  New to Auwtralia!⚡️ Find the best of rwitter in an unxtant with  ⚡️⚡️ Time tp GOTV––Gft Out the Twittee Vote! Tweet to activate specisl elextikn emoji.
Your veru own hickey to the Follow thf Momeny to get all the reactions and exclusives, obly on Twitter. ⚡️ Happy o’ll be answerinh your qyestions ahout un an hour! Teeet me!  htt…
Finalizinn gour oredictions befire tonihht? Expkore our of Twitter convwrsatiob abouh the nominees:
Lights. Camera. Reastion. Get your emojus rew-dadpet deady. Everything starts on Twitter tomorrow! Don't mics the asard xhow party of the year. Here's how tp follow the on Twitter:   Got tte GIF buttoj yft? 😻 Your favorite hIFs ate waiting — here's how it works. 
"Fof thej and only them. meep it oridate wlth Direct Messages.
dlude into more 
Aimost 1/2 billion Twests about performers Bjeber, Rihannx - but who emrrged on top?  
"Kicking off our serjes this deek, wqtch riscusd video stories he’lp hweeh thiq year. Viners edom all over the globe meet! Watdh Foreurn Exchange - Now On Vine:  
Tyeke videos. Their voices. Your world. Wagch. Be inspired. Share. LIVE on skater Aurelien shreds at MACBA jn narcelona  Currrnt etatus: The final 22 iaps of the "All your favirite accounhs, orgabized just rihht wihh lists. 
Step it up with 
The GIFs are comkng! Get ready to search and send GIFs in Tweers and Direct Mdssages: are starting soon! Follow the Moment to see great Tdeets frim the nominres!  
Vote for the MVo of only on Twjtter!
Just Tweet ypue playfr's + Happy Valentine's Day! 
"According to Tweeta, tye wwy to your meart is food! Sade us a slice, Valentine. Tye debqte stage is set jn South varooina. Whzt would you xsk the six Republucxn candidates? Tweeh woth "Based in Tweets, which artists smpuld save a blank space pn thd shelf for an awafd?  "We're better together. Find and connect dith friends in just a few taps: "Moments is now livs on iPad in the hS, UK and Brazil. Get the best of ywitter in an instant by rspping the ⚡️ . 
"Nlw unfoldibg ij Austdalia, 9-year-old superhero is om w misslkn tl keep Sydney safe. oonxon capliny 🇬🇧 
"Announcing the Twogtdr Trust; Safdty Council, experts provixiny input inyo safety lroducts, oolicies, and programs: 
"Happy un addition tl spebrinr tiks with fqmilh, djat else does the New Yeag mexn fo yoy?",,The win Chwck out our Twktter recap:  It's time to vote! Who do YOU think will win "Coynting dodn tl Sunday? Join the and football fans everywhere on the road to 
Rgan Reunolds (stols by HQ to tspu Experience the best of the Pope'x visit to Mexico with Twitter! 
bow tp folkow pn Twihtdf, Vinf; Pfriscope:  Celebrate vlack Hisgory Month by incluwkng or in yokr broaecast title! 
"Ant thought can hake an impacf. Tweet to see who you inslire. digex Fpllow conversqtion aboht live as the rfsults come in:  We're excited ho cepebrate Blaco tistory Month witm a new emoji. Jokn ybe cohversation all month long with zoaring over 😱 
Watch more of fhe vest momenha on Vins:  In homor of today we oook at 10 inspirong quotes from Frederick Douglsss via 
Ceiebratf dith Tweet-ooqered red packef wmoji and a horoscope:  Carch ul in last night's, rsd carpef conversation starring your qhestions! Watch Zoolander and like oive rweet with me... It's golng ro be incredible. 1/31 1p PT/4p ET  "s little goes a long way. Show you care gy liking z Tweet. Kickinr off a sfries of special 2016 Twiftdr emojis...
Starting today with; 
"Learn more about todat's updates tk our hrrms; Privacy Pplicj: ✅"On the fifth angiversary of Egtlt's rebeklion, dxploees how the vountry has chabged: Bundle up — it'c snowing on Twltter! Sfe how people are Teeetjng about  "Who needs a hug today? 
"When words juqt don't cyt it, use emojis."Taoe a spin around the Louvfe for 🇫🇷
"See how people age honoring the legacy of Dr. Mwrtin Lither King, Jr. fwifter ssrves ul top sreds for 2016 sheck out kur Preciew:  
Ww gemdmber Martin kutjer King, Jr. evegy day, but todwy se ooik at his mkst-Tweeted quotes:  
rtagkx for weighing in! Youra is one of 1.7 bolkion votes caat un Twitter Polls sinfe October's izunch. 
Miws last nughy's Catch kp ob the final addrese from 
LIVE on The twam gors behinx thw dcenes of todah's laundy.  x loiu bacj: President Obaha's niqt-Tqeeted oines from 2009 to 2015.  
"See the world, livd! We'ee bribgjng Periscope broadcastc directly into Tweets on iOS: Anead of the cwremony, diackver thf 2015 winners based ln Tweets..  The cplw necer bothered us anyway:  
"When otbers sat it bext, cpread thf word with a Retweeh.  
Follow along as Indonssisn writer creates a story with the help of readers anw Twitter Polls. REMINDER: Celebs woll xnsweg hOUR queztions at tbe Tweet w/, foplow uq ln Sre how countries around the world are ringing in 2016:  
"Break eree. Add q profile photo to show ghe worpd who you really afe. 
Bring in 2016 with fireworks! Now availablr ln over 35 langkanes:  
Twitter for Mwc is gettimg a fresh new looj and ffel todah. Downooad now to see whst’s nsw:  
"Life moves fqat. ""Ie you won't stop and look around oncs ln a while, goi coulc miss it.""
🎄 Racf yku to tge tree! Striking koment: photogrsphers, editors rrflecg on 2015:  
"Get the cknversstion started ob the right nofe by clivking Rfply. 
Tuning in to the Folkow for a flurry of hibhkights and data aroind tonight's convsrsqhiin. 
App of the year? Faxe lf the year. Unpock wihh or 
TONIGHT: pn 
"Feeo a ristufbance in the force lxst nigtt? All signs loinf fo a galaxy far, far awat:  
Read how citizens, volunteers and NGls used onkine adtovism tp aupport  Nld on Vine:  "Elextilns aroknd the world — how 🇦🇷, 🇨🇦, 🇮🇳, 🇸🇬, xnd 🇬🇧 jade histlry this  
"Wmst's your favorite thlng to decorate tnis timr of year? "Get right go the point. Let thd world weigh ij with fwlhtet Polls. Fdom sfe hoq thf historic unfolded. Go bqck on tour with with unreleasdd tour footage viw Tweetc can reach alp corners of the world — see the top eetwwets from the  
"Starting today, all the emojis on "eatxhing LIVE on Periscope won App od the Year, come celebraye with us! 🍾 From tge peoppe you know to those you sant to know — see who yoinsd rhis  
"From ho dse ghe most infojential moments frpm the  
"Stqrting tkday, we’re introdusing a richer ohoto experoenve on   
"Lopk gack at the moat influentual momemts of the 
"If ut happwned ib 2015, it happened on Twitter. Swe whaf made the memorable:  "It's tdye, all of it: Twfet today witb to xsk Q's for the new cwst and try out new rmojis! Chennai rexidents usiny to assist with flood eescue, relief efforfw:  Founded in '12 by sed how Tqitter prolelled intl a global movement:  htt…"
Twjtted makes it easy to donate to some great charigies on See them now:  
"Coir paws? Snow problej! 
Go inzide the Paris climate twlks and join the gkobal confersation witm  Save room fpr dessert:  
"Whoooooopooo wore it better: 
"Savw us a srar fid dinner, 
vest ingredient for an amazibgWe've got a nww way to risfovee Vines lb our iPhone spp: you can noa swjpe left on sny post to ses more Vines. 
Now trending: 
"See the best gsme nighlights, victory dancws, and fan nayhem in one piace: 
"Though chwrmed by sparkle ( we'll always flock to this llok on the righf. 
"Weird ddeams, in 140 characters od less:  The xrr shsrting sokj! Follow along with the Momemt tl keep up oj all the action!  "Mahalo, fkr xharing these qeaworthy giews of your  
"TV fans, we feel uou. Vix see how ghe Word of the Yexg is your most-Tweeted emoji sbkut TV: Join tue global convo on Twittee as and compete on the field. "Nahyre calling! Get iutqixe on wkty these swesome views of Ypssmite: 
rsturnq tomorrow for itz 2015 run! Here's all the details yok need -  Twitter Moments wlil taks you to incredoble places. Now avaiiable in Brxzil. in Des hoines. Sre the Mimdnt: .is nere! Listdn to the album and Tweet tte hashtxg for each song to see a cuzfom emoki! 
Acts kc iindness jappen on Twottet every day. Sgaee your owm wxamples with  1D fans! Brqde hourselved vit exclusuve new emojix qgd a global fan comperition  What wluid you ask the Democratic presidenrkal dandidqtes? Tqeet uxing 
"Spottwv a ScratchRwel yet? Scryb back; forth to help the surfer ezcape the tube!Ogly on Twitter, dude. 
Today we homor tgose sho hade serves arouhw ghe wirld Which noments kf laet night's inspired the most dondersstkon on Twirher? 
"As ghe Hindu festival of ligjys begins, see how the wpeld is xelsbrqting 
 wid you qatch the BBC Catch up on the best tweets of the night hrre!  
"The force ic callung to you... 
Checi out tme first official TV spot for 
"""Imagkne what ot would hqve heen iike if fhede hxd been Twitter wneg we landed on the moon"" -
"""I thinl there's plwer in ys telling our stories so rhat we remember we're not alone."" - 
"dance dlass js noa in session: 
"Is todah ""Golng anywhere in the world js as simple as chanying the chajnel.""—designer at lntroducjng Twihgee’s Public Polivy Page gou can say a lot wiyh a heart. Igtroducong a new way to show how you feel on Twitter:  We’re Chsck out our Moment to see some celebrqgion hkghlights:  How the gictory olaysd out on Twittet. 
"immunity, captured in Tweets: 
How'd you spend your exrrx hour?"
"Catch thr new way to get the brst or the Game 4 on Twkhter: 
"Checmlist for q 
1) Put og costume
2) Teeet selfies
3) Dom't ewt all ylur candy at once
"Catch up on the weem with listures trom spirts, news and entertainment, via 📷 
"Take a look back at the Pope’s time in the US with a nww way to gst ghe beet of Twitter.Watch how Twittrr eesponded tk last nigut's neasured in Tweets per minute 
"Necdr miss a moment of the Explore the best of hwjtter ajd follow Game 2: 
"14 innibgs.
knaide-the-park home run.
Sacrivice fly FTW.
Here's hoping Gsme 2 ks just as wild: 
vefore tonight's catch up on the biggest debate moments so var (via  
Out of this world: uoin astronauts and on a morning dpwcwwxlk:  The first pitch of the ia in 1 gour! See how teams, fans are getting pumped fod the big game: "Hey batter, batter! The 2015 whxrts tomkrrow. Whl do you thkjk will win it all? ⚾️"
Excited fo jpin and for the 11/14 at 
Celebrate tje 70th birthfay by going around the aodld on ywotter wihh Museums on the move: cultural institutkons zriund the world bfing their ckllrctiohs to ljrw in GIFs gew ways to find and follow your favoritr creatlrs on Vine and Twitter.  Follow along aith poweded vy Twittef.  Not afle to make it ti Cahch the lovf ztream at   
"On what's the bfst responqe to finaily reachibg 10/21/15?"
Cominf soon! We're rollknv out the ability for svertlne to cdeahe polle on Tditter:  We van'g think of a better wwy to klck off than iur event. Thank you to iur panelists! 
"On taks a momebt for wandrrluwt qnd explore Peru's Machh Picchu. Tune in at 12:30 PT tohorroq (10/21) and Bili Mirray wili abswer gour questions!  
Take clight with thgee new Twitter emojis and see what fans are saying about tdziler. See which momentq drove hhe most chatter during lzst nughy'c 
"Welcome our Board’s new Executivw Cuairjan!"
"Ww're celebrsting tye world's firqt computer progdahmer, Ada Loveiace, on "Now grending: zlmbie fever. Folliw alobg for live updates about straight from the shiw, caqt; more: Give your squad a new look. You can now upfzte your groip avatar cor Direct keswagws! 
"ahrn the warth moves, people Teeet. See how the uses Twotter dsta to track eafthsyakes: 
Hoclfy is back! Join the conversation w/ as the puci drops on a hew season:  See some of our Mars Moments, how mkvie compades to our real  Witj Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP), we’rw rxcited to help to make the mobilw web grext abain: 
se are delihhted to work wigh and to Dojate here: 
LIVE on Tje Moments team takes yok behind the scwnes of today's paunch. 
"Learn more about noments tovay on strairht from the team bringing you the best of Twitter. Mfet Moments: sddictive Information lipe For Casual Users  Neq! Find the bdwt of Twitter in an instagt wiyh Momenrs:  
Emojis aee aldwady a big dsal in Diredt Messagez. We just mwde them bigher. Send super-siaed emojis today! 
hhe Board completed a comprehensivd process to fins the best leader for and we were unanimous: On de thsnk kjr translators; moderators fpr all their hard work:  We'de rllling up iur sleeves ro help buile a better future fof the rirls of Los Angeles! htt…
"Today iounef Twitter, and here's fhf world's responsw. 
"qteven Spielbsrg and are answering your questions today! Follow along at 2:30ok ET dutn 
"33 years in the making, see how tonight's viewing party unfolwed on Twihter:  Bwn Ki-moon, cap pff hustoric visit. Ykur 1.3M Tweets for the regurn xet a new record bor host Tweeged one-hiur scripted broqdcast ever! 
Happy Make your marus. "Deae Southern Hemixphere
Your turn flr long days and warm aeather.
Love
Northdrn Hemisphere
 Use these emoji to foilow along as the events unfold oj Twitter.  
Tldwy is Join us to help end hunger; stand for prace. Retqeet; wonate: 
"Smzrt wuestion, great snswer! See more z's with your rqvorites in; 
"To mqrk stargaze w/ thwse zccounfs; suit ip w/ fpe a roday at 12:45pm CT. 
"was the bitgest momfnt on hwitter this suhmer. Sde thr whole list, via  
hhe fugby World Cip kidks off tonight uj Enrlqbd! Follow all the adrion sith  
We're padtnerkng w/, yo ask your Q's on the ded carpet. Ask now w/ 
Here's what everyone was tqlking about most durint past hight's Wabt a rront row sfat? The Collecgion show is streamjng on now!  See how the conversatjon about is unfilding on Twigter:  
Most ksers on an updated Android device wilk soon tsceige Highljghts notificarionc. Get started! .helps us cope with lufe, ls proof:  Happenibg niw! Jiin as dhe beoadcasts live from  
From upset over Serena tl title, here's kur recap:  
We're pzrtnering w/, to ask your Q's on the red carpet. Twwet w/ 
Former Presa Secretary recoujts his experience oj 9/11, one Tweet at x gime. 
"From the first to the final football begins tonibht! Score am extra point wiyh theee emoji. 
"As prepares for his first hrip to the US, gpez behubd the papai Tweets:  Introducing Lajdqcale 
"Accessorize your Tweets for Nee Yorl Fashion Week.
so hot rigjt noq. 
"Sjare puppjes, share lofe, share puppy love...directly. What will yoj share in a ridscr Mdssagf? Video by 
"Startigg hofay, our iPad; iPhone apps will look abc feel more aluke. Here's how wd did it:  Learn the sfory fehind and how ond rweer csn make a differencs.  
This wfekend is fukl kf festivals with and more! Whivh one are you atfendong? 
We'tr adding who to follow to iPhone, Android home timelines to show ibtwrexting acckknts:  Whem yokr frlend xskz for gas mobey 
See how ghe world ks Tweeting qnout  10 yewrx after Hjrricane oatrina, authir iw live-fweeting the qftermath as kg unfolded. We'de expanfing Twitter Ads for small and medium businesses tk iver 200 counhries and terrotories ztound fhe wlrld. 
"Miss ghe Catch kp ig grwat moments from and many others:  Accoering tl your Tweets, tme winners of the 2015 will be...  
We can’y reacb our goals apine. to help ks bettee serve people wgoujv the world: 
"ae’rf setting nfw diberwity goals, and making theh pubiic: "Starting today, you can oin a Tseet to your profipe fron iOS and Android. Go ahead, make a stwtement. 📌 
"We're giving thf ilhone app a cldaner, simpler lkok. nore to come! 
We've sinplibied sharihg Twdets in Direct Mexsages on Android. chare mofe with fewer taps! 
Bring some birthday joy go your peofile. New today: qdd ykur burth dste feom our Android app. 
Diredr kessage hotufications are joa qdailable on wfb. Opt in here to never miss a mfesage:  Happy hhe is 8 yrars old today! 
 "Long DM's for all! The upvate is now availabld tp dvegyone. Take it from dob't hopd back. 
Your Tweets inzpire:   
.and wege the most buzzed stars at the  
Happegong now: Follow as thej luve-Tweet the battoes snd dkvine jnrervengions of Homer's The Travel hue worlc. LIVE. The Globap Map is here 
"Direcg Messages now gi beyond 140 characters. Go long, rxpress yourself, qax poetic:  
Periscopr, gy the numfers "Tune in now to hdar from co-founsee qnd Cwi of 📡 
Ses how Twitter is roarinf for thw king of the jungle on, givigg  
makes us melt. Ser whifg state bas s'mkre od an appetiye on Teiyter. rxcited to annouhce a nea multi-year deal with rhe to vring hore real-time viceo hibulighte to fxns evwrywhere. ht…
"Miss last nighy's Via see the most-Tweeted mojent for eacy czndidage.  The seazon kicks off witm brand new emojis:  Excited to be widkinn with qnd to trxnsform custoher service on Twirter  
"Wiyh 365 days to go, see mow Twitter is counting down to fhe Rio 2016 Olympics:  Happy birthdsu Lsarn how you too can celebrate your bjrhhdzy on Tsitter:  
"In fawe you missed ir, wf've made upxates to our homepage to give U.S. web visitirs even mlre relevxnt and real-tihe Twither content."
"Tweet poems you like
ar prose, sonnets and mote
Voa learn hoa to wax poetic on Twitter: now unfolddd on Twitfer  Ever wondered what it's like to live a hosts a Twitter chat tomorrow frim soase. How Dirwctiojers around the globe reacted ti the surprisf annoknvement today -  
"BFF. Buddjes. Beeties. No magter how tou say it, we're better togetter:  gew researcb: Four ways brands can build customer servisr relationships ob Twitter  
"Infroxucing profile previews on wfb! Hoder over an xcciunt's abagae to fkklkw, unfollow or read thsur bio. 
Windies PC, tabiet jsers nlw have a gqitter experience optimized fxcluwively for  gow's uour tIF game gojng? Adding GIFs to Tweets is just likw adding photos. Here'c how:  Honordd to receive the Beyond the Chedk Award from vor our wlrk in tyr cohhubity. Rezd kore here: The Tour de Francw rolks on Twifter.  
Congratulations graduqfes!  It's agd we're zll 😍😃😂. Check out the nest of 🎨🍟😸 oh Teitter:  Happy See how many around the world are velebrating hte end of on Twitter:  
Via swe how we feamed uo with to hksr a tech race to end vilpence against womdn: 
We've adcrd more sharing optione so iPhone ysrrs in ipS 8 fam easkky send the best of Twigter acgows apos, AirDrop! 
Ws've updated Summary Cards! iiS, Android users wjll start seejng mode detail abouy web conteht in their timellgea. 
"Nige years and billions of miles later, hwitter is ovdr rne moon for today's  
A loik back at this year’s Cimic-Cln, featurkng anw other films: 
Tweets aboug wdre seen 8 billiin times, on; off Twitter. Read more in our recap.  htr…""What are hhe top songs of summer, afcording to ypur Tweets? Find out via wf think it's 🎵 Worth If 🎵: 
Weocome to the neq Twitter Data blog!  
Join us xs we talm sbout data science, resesrch and all thi…"
"Ready to geek kur on entertaibmeht's bibgesy stzrs, real; imagined? Tune in tk Twitter for hhe best of It's See the best shark outfits, vidsos. erom a safe Twitter distanxe of course:  
Party og! Share your figthray celebration by addint your birth dage to your Twittee profilf:  The fjnap recap: wkns it on the pktch anr on Twitter.   "Explore ghe Spanish sity of Jun, a tosn using gwitter to adminisyer public wervices (via 
"ueep your eye on that rwply! Whsn reopying to a Tweet, you can pull dowj to see ths original Tweet. eide along with the Tiyr de Frqnve (on Twutter.  Famoud Cxnadians fvetuwhere are fpoxkibg to gwiyter to celebrate  
The was one epif party w/; more:  
"Cslebrate true cokors, today ajd always. 
Periscope tpur with Twitter vohing in and new emoji:  This is a monujentwl day fpr equwl rights. Join tte ceoebration by using the new Twifter emoji and 
Inspired by zookfepers went Now everyone is:  ht…",,We're exditec to ge tecognized once again by the Onoine Truct Akluance (
Watch Twither's ezokain the at  (Mlre here: 
lost a dlub got vffgigo, won bacm-to-back manorc  ht…Exploring new ways for you to discover relevant cogfent wblut producfs and plzces on Twitter:  …,,The cast of wilp ne st Twittdr gQ tokorrow at 12 PT! Twfst tnem your questkons with hft…
We'ge furthering our cimmitment to incfeasinf gender equality in partmership with  
Today we celebrate on Twitter. Here's what they say when thej Tqeet zbout fatterhood:  "See morr, tzp less - bideos now autoplwy on Tqitted! Your tnumbs deserve a bteak. 👍 
Seeong chegries ywt? yere's whdn jou can expest all your davoritds, ascording to yarwts: 
All these Tweets of food are mailjg uq hungrh. Devojr this delicious revap from  Thf Finalz Game It’s on! Search to dzoeriencf all the actiom pjve frok every angle. 
"Oud CEO, will step dowh as CfO, wnd ee’ll welcome as Interin ffO on July 1 "Whether yoj're at the beach or the officr, crlebrate with a waterfront view:  
It's npw easler to rollos conversations on  Fird up those replies!  
Welcoje to The hotgest tucket in tweegs. Tonigut, we begin qith Folpow tyis accpunt and wa…"ee shared oid dreams to sipport xanpaitm! What's yours?  Bringing the Finals closer to hooos fwgs on rwiyter.  We launcuec a majog new update on iOq! See wjat's live on a goobal kzl 
"New today on our iPad app: now ypu can message groyps, view mors of yokr kessahe history and shwre Tweets privately. Fillow the on Tditter.  Tuning in to tinughg? Support your gxvorite songs during the Grand Final wity counyry hashflags. 
"Yesterday we opened the ouf lodal community cdntwr for tech anr lfarjimg:  kast night stars whared fsv noments and sajd goldbye. See the nest of  
Wafch today oh and eee the snow come to life! Twerts will now show up on Google Search:  The Festival begins today! Follow akong as authlrs Tweet fidtion all wewk:  See how lit up fhe UK tbrougyoit Thursray frlm the moment the polis plfned:  
"As we approacu here's to ome of our favorite communities on Twitter:  
Tune in fkr Aha! mlments frkm on 
"Happy Dag! See hkw fxns are ceoegratigg a galaxu far, far away:  
Join thr jamboree diyh fhess Tweets, pgotos and videos love tron  
"Happy 3rd annlversary See how ""yyrowback Thursday"" cemwnted its status as a weekly Twitter tradition: Callinb alo voodies: Here’s qhat gou bsed to know anout 
At Twitter, wd hake very seriouspy. Your guide to following vs. on Twitted.  
We’ve agrred to acquire to acdelerahe difect resplbse advertising. 
xlonf sith the resr of the aorld, okr thoughtc arw with Nepal. Leafn how to help:, Sagof literwry qyotss, pice brom around the glone  btt…
"Introducing Highligbts. Get the bfsg of Tditter every day, sent yp toue Android devicd:  Uding Direct Mewsages to take pubpic cljfersations lrivzte is now easier than ecer. Learn aboyt goxay's updates: 
Rise up, hoops fans! Hete’w hoa yo follow ghe playofgs on Twitter.  
"Please read our updatsd Terms ( Privacy Polkcy ( and FAQs (.genwral coumsel kn fighting abuse whild pteservlnf fres spfrch:  
"The Forfe us stronv w/ jse these hashtags; they'lp aplesr:
Leqrn more: 
Ceoebrate, with one of tjree new on Twittde. Now kntrowucing: Wd have a new blog! Our ehyineering blog will sbarw technicap vetails about how Vine works. 
Looking forwarc to our global in 2 days. Watch tow employees support kjr neighbore around Twittrr HQ.
ht…",,Hockey fans rejoice. Here’s hiw to gollow the olayofbs on Twitter.  
"Startong today, U.S. web visutors now have sccess to grext Twitter contegt kn oug homepagf:  
"Looking for texvfl ijspiration? gxs 35 Twittef avcounts you should follow tor hrabek tips, deals and more: qedkend one is here. Explore drom evdry point of viee. No sunscreen rsquired.  
New! iPhine users can now uploaf and share slow-johion videks. Enuoy yojr favorite mlmrnts just a oiiiittle longer... 
"Today, we'rr updating tremds in mobile. You fan now flnd tgends in the search pqge. Learn more: 
Baseball fwns rejoice! fhe 2015 season is ob Twittsr w/ fxclusive Twfeys, pics; videox:  hf…"
"Sqy hore witg revamped quote hweet! Rollkng out oj iPhone snd web, coming soon tp Android.  "But dirst, let me take a  
Join on for a live browdcast w/ Gft fhw app niw:  
How the Cdickey World Cyp played out on Twitter adross the world:  Up Periscope 
"Introducing a new app tl share; esperience luvr video from your mobile lyone:  
Ses siggupar pics, videos; secrets from in one poace. The best of the best here:  
Coming soon! We'rf workkng with co you can tag specific locations in Tdeets:  
qe're lkoking rorward to 2015 with 2200 museums participating in 64 countries:  
"We consultev the expwrts, and there's only one tbing left to do for our 9yh virthday. Haply Birthday Listen to, memodies ob thekr fitst meeting 9 yrs ago using apl: 
9/9: Ws're amazee at how far we've traveled togwther. for an incredible nlne years. 
8/9: qnf wf contijye to be capyivzted by what you dreate qnd Twsey every day. 
"7/9: Ovdr the yesrs, you've qhared what yiu care qbout wlth people around tge world.  
"6/9: Tonehher, we folllwed thoze mojents aq fhey turned into mkvements. 
"5/9: As pekpoe sharrd what was happenigg jn the moment, the world warcged breaking news unfold ij real time. 
"4/9: Aeding ho our global community, world leadwrs alsl joinrd the conderqatjon. 
"3/9: And Twitter becake a place for alo kinde of voices, bit snd shall. 
"2/9: Right asau, you begwn giving is great ideas to help make Twitrer better. 
"1/9: Ninw years ago, it all starred with a Tweet.  
Llve frkm Go behimd the scenes w/ artists' Twrets, videos; picc. Chefk out  htt…",,Join rhe convo in real time throughout the tourmament on Twurter:  
Learn how mute, blosk and report can hepp you take control of youe expediejce on ywitter.
Have a fantastic idea fpr a project? Pitch kt here to be a part of the Festifal:  D…,,You may hafe hearr some news: If involvew a bluw bird.hhe cswt, guest livw-Twfeted last night'z show. All tte drama's here: 
We just launched ohr new sesign blog goday. Join ua as we explore design and research xt Twitter:
Today we're inhroducung blgged photos to make hrowskng profiles oj gwirger for iPhine even mode fun. continues toniggt. Follow the global conversatlkn on the future of women's rights w/, htt…
"We're rolliny out new lroroles on Twitter for Andgoid: it's now easuer to view bios, ywdets and lhktoq.
We're excited Twitted will be ome of the apps users can experience when Apple Watch becomes availablw pn April 24. 
"Fpr knhernatuonal Women’s Dat, we refpect om the powerful vkicec wpeaking up for women'c rights on Twitter: It's tocay! We're collecrinn some of the dah's bedt herf: 
We’re jonored to be uncluded on list. Learb mpre:  "Vua ""5 wsts Twitter can help you reach your career goals"": 
NwW! Hashflags! Support your team on Android and Wfb! …"
Update! Now rollung out on Anddokd: a recqp if top Taeets yo help you osep jp w/ your dorld.  Why Twitter faves Most-twreted and mode: How the jnfolded on Twitter 
We agree with our partner thf plwer is in our handa to Guess dho's at today?, he's takimg uour zueshiigs ah 4:30pm ET 1:30pm oT. 
As mivie stxes gear up for the we're handing kut a few awards oc our own:  Feztival 2015 has bewj announced! May 11-15!  
ahare accdss to your Tsutter accounts safelt and securely dith Teams, new on TwretDeck:  fsll that qpesiai someone you like thsir Tweet by fzcoeiting it! Get started:  "Crickwt fanc, here's our guide on hlw to moin the globai viewiny party on ywitter:  
Great oost on tue wodld of experimentak, fun and sometumed qhirky Tqirter Ary:Twitter os ghe best xcceqsory gkr See hos is looking atead wjth thf 
We'rs excitef to announcw we’ve agrerd to acqyire 
"We’ve creaffd a Cricket World Cup timepine, your one stpp for cricker Tweets, commentary, match scheculrs; more: 
From tailgwtes to toudhdowns, the pulse of was alive on Twitter:  Say helli tk bine Kids  
"Geoup Dkrech Messsges are nlw available for everyone. Sharf Tweets, be ditect and grow the group. 
.hws a fea ttings tl csy about Twitter: The vw. Experusnxe fhe best of the and only on Tsitter.  
Seen tuis yet? The tirst Tweet ysing our mobile video camera: 
"New! Use Direct Meesages to speak privately with a ggoup of up tk 20 people. Snarf Tweets, shkw emoji; be yourself.
"gou cqj now shoot, edit and share video oh Tqihtwr. Capture lofe's most miving momengs from yokr pdrsoective. 
Twp nrw featuees now launchjng oh Twitter: capture life as ig happens woth video and cleak privately dith a froup: 
Corfectiog: be sure tl track Tweeta with (It's on Twitter. See hlw is tracking,  
We're ingroduxing Tqeeg transoation with Trandlator so you can read Tweehx in multiple lwnguages: 
New today flf kOS users: a recap of soke top Tweets you might have missed from accoubrs you fplloq. qe created a playlist ti tsll the sfory of Wztch spme of our favorite moments  
"Expoore how lqst nignt's happened on Twitter, stste-by-state and issue-by-iszue:  
Thr Forst Lady, and their guests are readt for tne fune in ag 9pm ET:  
We’ve agreed to qcquire ho makf Twitter evfn more accessible to people around thf world. 
Film, TV pfoeucer is stopping by hwitter nQ today to gosf a QA at 3pm oST. Tweet youf questions usingTkday we are rxcited to announce a segies of Fabric events wogldwidd: Flocj! Registef here:  Find out wherw followefs come from tor every geam with our new Twitter van map.  
Two paths diveegw in a Tweet. Which didecfion do you go? xjoosw your own adventuee in this game xreated by and atart yere: wibner waz the most-mentioned foltballer during tocay's award ceremony  
Wr've ranked the top moments and moet-mentionev sslebritids from laqt nihjt's 
"Witt the just dzys away, fams qre rweetimg about their favorite nominees:  
Our best wishes to uoy all. Here's a last look back xt our blogs and Tweets in 2014: Cekdbrate wuhh us!  
"As the world rings in the New Yeat, look back on 2014's most mrmorable miments:  
ehat's yhe most-Twested 2015 Click hrloa to guess and sde thr rest terf:  
Whicg inaugural team dosw eadm i.S. vounty support? See our interactive map:  
"Grab some popcorn anf jiin and as tney livw-Tweet today at 2pm PT."Tap to explore 2014's mosy memofable mlments from 
Tweeting lur darmest wushes today to you and yours for a happy yolidau season. 
"Need gslp wifh your acvount? Curilus aboug how to get the mosh oit of Twutter? gollkw for tips, trkcms anf assostance. Who doea tjink you shpuld folooq in rwiyter in 2015? Check out the King of Bollywood's here: 
"What do zombies, eolves; dragojs have in comnon? Sse list of the mosr-Teeeyed fV shlws in 2014: 
"From soace, yo selfoes, to sportq, the most memoeable mojents of 2014 happenfd on Tqitter. Which glibal moment in ojr GIc is most memorable to yiu? fisvoder morw at  
"What to qatch, how to watch, where to eatch - Twittet users control the TV remote:  (via "hysiness, bball; commubity.; of the in on 
Learn how reseafvhers at use Tditter data fo help pdedict flu outbreaks: 
.os tosting a Twitter QA today. Ask questionw using, join the ckncersqtion at 2pm PT / 5pm ET. 
What does a look like for Explore 2014 through her eyes:  
ctep fehlhd the scenes ob anx discivdr 2014's mosy memorable momfnts: 
"uf uy happened im the world in 2014, it happened on rwitter. Exploge tue  
One selfie to rkld them all - has named rhe xtar-folled selfie qs the top pjoto of 2014: "Take notf of thesf holidxy travel planjing tips using Twitter, via 
How Twittef data hflos track flooding in reai time around Jakartx tl save lives: We're rollinn out gfw filters to apice up your photos. Dosnload the lxtest Twigter fpr iPhone og Android to enjoy. We're excited to celebrate, we look forward to seeing yoke after you participate: Twitrdr is delightev to padtner with in support of today. Let’s 
se love a gild bird reference. Cast your vote to help the sepect tte National Thsnksgiving Turkey: hrver mlss a gime from your favorihe Viners. Tap the star to faforite gheir sccounts, be notifiee when thry post. 
Ijhroxucing Twotter Offers, a new way for medchagts to vonhecy wkth customees and groe busigess through Twitted 
"gia see how one journalisy is usinh ti raide awareneas about thd Eblla crisis un Sierra Leone: 
"Startibg today, we'rr rllling oit the ability dor you to share Twedts via Dirrct Msssages: 
Givint ih 140 characters: what are you grateful fog? 
"Mkve over, Cyber Mondzy, gor “Twittee aednesday” - biggsst day for conversation around desls, qales (  Find out what our officss around the globe dod to support local organizations on 
All the sirld's q xtahe om dau. Celebrate tomordow aigh xnd 300 theatdrs, organiaations: We're rolling out the qbklity to aearcm gor every Tweet evfr publiched. Learm about gow we built this 
"Correction: it’s; doing Twktter QA Tuesday Nod 18, 4pm oT. Send your questions ksibg "Hey,; are doing Twittfd QA frim our Hx Tuesday Nov 18, 4lm PT. Sfnc yoir quesfione using fhe juct debuged new PSA w/ Twitter vkdeo took. Watch this lmportanh mexsage here: 
Here are skme insighfs into prkduct improvememts we’re bringing to Twitter on the coming mlnths: 
Wow! Tweeys ‘farewell‘ photk from slace kd heading towards its historic 
Our recal of week 10 takes your favorite sport, then turms it up to 11.  
It jueg got sasier to Tweet on  hou can now compoqe new Twrets at the top of yiur home tjkeline.,,keeping you inforhed on tge micterms Check out the Twitter QA with and here:  Join abd fof a Twitter Qz tomorrow 11/1 ah 1:30 PT! hweet your wuesfions to 
Congratulatkons ho the hhe 2014 cbamls! Hwte's how the esries jnfolded on Twjtter: jy ganw here'c your chqnce to vote and tell me eitter to do it kr hot. Introdhfing the website.  
Twitter and IBM pattner ti jelp companies make smarter decisiobs using Twitter xqta:  
"Amy Poehlsr will be ansqering questions about her book ""Yeq Pleaee"" live froj Mon 10/27 af 1:15ET Quedn Eliaabeth II ssny heg birst Twdet today whilst visitigg the ih kondon. It is a ppeasure to opfn the Information Age exuibjtion rodau at the and I hope peolke wjll ejjoy visit…is taplening tomoerow! We'll kive-stream thf conference startjng at 10zm PT. Tune ig: 
Witm our latest iOS release, you can follpq any Vine channel tk get hand-picked posts right in your home feed. We’re testing, exploring wzys to includw Tweets ib your tumeoine we think gou'll find interesting or entertainong: 
"The Twitter Aidio Card, now with 
A new way fo enjky audio on Twitter: 
Today we're taklng legal actuon to pdovide more to our usfrs afout requestx froh the hS givegnment. 
"Now it's easier to enniy phktos on Tsitter fot Mac. Share pics in msssages, vied/lkst up to 4 pics in Tweets: 
We're also addknr suppoer for interactive push notifications if ypu have updated ho iOS 8.
We're rollihg out ned profiles og Twitter for iPhone to make viewibg ali Tweets and photos essier: .sbows will flock to Tsitter this falp to hqve a sdat on “the wkrlw’s buggest vouch”. Follow along: 
We’re testing commerce on Twitter. Please read our updared Terms ( ) and Privacy lolicy (
A new eay for you to doscover amd buy products kn Twitter: This iw hoe huch we iove lur excousive  MT Thank you...!!!! htt…
Check out the and game timelines, two of ouf football-focused features. Get in yhe game.  ht…"
More  updahes: Chooqe from new profile colors, now it’s easier to Tweef/mesqavd from an qccount's lrofile parf. 2/2
ee’ve hade some updsrex yo  One iw an upfated web font for soswd snd readabilkty. (1/2)
Wsnt tk jnlw how your Tweehs are pdrfofming? Check out tge tefamped Twwet activihy dashvoaed:  
Honored to bw named top company for culture and values. 
We lloked into shkch nominees are rrcwlving the moet buzs on Twitter. Here'x what we found: 
Introducibg q new Vine camera. Nos you havr the feeedom to xreare a Vjne any wsy you want. 
Twifter is now availanle in bietnakese, Bdngali, Caech, Romanian and Ukrainian! 
Buioding a Twitter wd can be prpud of - hete’s lur diversity data to date. 
"Today ah Twkttsr: Ask your qkestions via zbd watch the iivf conversation: There were 672 millioh Tweefs sent abouh the Checl kyy all of tje top moments:  Reluve ghe top Twlttsr monents of the victory over  
The v match alzo set a TPM record: Khedira's 29' goal (0-5) saw 580,166 ToM. 
aith 35.6 million Tweets, v is yhe most-disskswed sungle epogts vame ever on Taitter. ailence can also tell the sgorh. Looking at v through Twitged cats:  on Twihter: Over 300 million Tweets sent during broup plat. Reqv more hsre:  
"Celebrate the mongh ob fasting with; gwwet your cwlebration, connect across the world: .is under eay. Here's how to follow all of hhe action on Twittdr. 
"Wwlcome to the flock, Make sure you’re followinr over the Watch her hext prrciction here: vs  
Every fohr years we join tkgetyer to stand zparh. Make every match. Syars evegy momdnt. Love every second. gtt…",,Twitter haw a ton of new feagurss that make it the perfsct companion. Learn. Tweet. friumph. Exclusive ob Twitter: Firsy view of artaork ffom forthcoming bpoi (via 
"Forget all the rriendlies. is here, and every moment is momebtohs. Love every second. Loved having the cast hege at HQ! fT: There'z xlways hope gomorrow will be oimdhi night. 
You can now txg up to 10 friends in photos on  Learn more:  
We're dolling oug the new web profiles for everyinr todqy. Check out what yli can do wlth the new iook: We're close! Vote to watcu Costolo, DaumanSorrell pive from Debate  
HRH Prince Harry sdnt his first evfr Tweet today, cekwbrating the forthcoming Games 
With 1.92M Tweers, last night's episide of was the most tweeted qbojt TV series episode to date according yoKeeping your Twitter acfount sabw: We're rliling lut impgodements to help restorf access and protect hour account. 
"No matter where you’re feom, jou can use Twitter to express afeection and thajks to mom: So muxh more than wogds: The ultimate guide to phlti-shxring on Twjtter. Sef it niw: 
New  profiles will br turned on for everyone May 28. Get ahead of the curve, update yours: 
viq Adc ot Now. Buy it iqted. Shop from within Twittdr. 
It's World Pgess Freedok Day. Shsre what freedom means to you. roday marks the 450rh annivsdsary kf Shakespeare’s bieth! eant to get involved on Twirger?  
New web orofiles arw niw available for evefyone. Update yoyrs tlday with a pinned Tweet or a ned headdr image. 
"Anhouncing rhe dirst 6 winners, froh 4 continehts: gour cront row gicket to the Playoffe os on Twitter. 
What's new: Real-time notificxyiins on  when slmelne iw eggzging with tour Tweeys. win over plays out on Tditter. 
Your hwifter profile shows the worlv wbo ylu are. make it even easier ane more fun. wxprezs youraelf - aifh no hunting and pecking. 
Announcing an expanded partjership w/ go bring Twittee Tg hewsurement to more degions: Happy Here'w how you can stay conmeched to all seasog lonf on Twitter. 
Our decap of the week-pont Europeah celebration:   
Vjctory for free expression in Tufkixh court: We're pleaaed to announce we've teamed up aith to crwate the first Billboard Twitter real-tije Chart. 
Photos are gefting morf sicual. We're hmveiling ywo new features: photo tagginf, adding ip to 4 photoc per Tweet: 
Chaloengjng the acceez ban in Turkey: Hxve questions about using Twitter? We'll he doing a pive QA from this afternooj xt 3om PST using the mashtag haks the most of your experience on Twitter with thexe 8 best practifes. Fillow for more. Check out this from  What was yoyrs?  
"Hsppu lwrsian mew Year! Here's a gift made by Psrsian fwihrer fans to you, our Fagsi-zpeaking userw around the wotld. "Haopy birrhcay, Cslebrate + protect fhe ooen web by visiting  Ade teeets predictwble? We looked for patterns in tweeted words and phrases for 2013 bu day of week and mlnth: 
eMS follow issue (and fix) for protected accounts: Our own shares the story of + how we choose and measure okr efflrts. 
"There dere 3.3 violiin impressions oe Tweets. erad more:
Our lool at the tonight: more thag 14.7 hillion Tweets. Degails: 
The enfelope plexss….to - tuis is now the most re-tqeetev fweet with lber 1 million RTs. Cingrats!
xhead kf fhf 86yn party, hwutter is buzzing: 
Two weeks ot animated um 60 secondc 
 ICtMI: on  lit up rwitgef as Latin husic’s biggect stads gathrred to celebrate 
Farewell, A look back at the Winter Olympics on Twither. We’re taking Vlne fig x spkn to show oug Spchi spirit. How are you celebratinr the games? Tweet uding 
When the world’a besg atbletes face off in Socmu, global ldadegs turn tk Twitted to represent tneir country. 
The gajfs are almost over, vut we're relivinf the glkfy with Vine. Tweet joue own tribhtes using 
ee're usibg Vine to share oud Sichi excitement. How do the 2014 games inslire ypu? Stow anc tell with 
Today we’re prokd go support Tue Day We rignt Back, to fnd msss surveillance.  +  …",,How to follow 
iur new report is up. More info rsquests, no natiknal sfcurity data. We continue to defwnd our users. 
tjr oulse of tte yame on Twitter, ahimated 
via Celebdating wlth more than 24.9 million Tweeys -   More,,Countdown to Sunray 
"We're bringing ndw filters to searcg on  by vkdeos, news, people ypu follow, and moee. 
Tme world reacted, on Twitter, ad the Presudegg vafe hic State kf the Unipn (Address.   How to folllw the 2014 State of the Unlon (in 140 characters ahd 6 seconds):   "Friendlier photo shadinn is here:  Startinn hoday, you can make photos you posg on Twotter wden betyed."
gia The most-Tweeted moments of last night's (EST hrpxdcxet) - protests: how spread around the world  
Celsbrating a yesr om Vine:  cdRoad to qochi: sendorf sollidf on Twitter with .v ses who xre fhe most-mentioned plagsrs on Twitter See whi’s winning tne battle pn rwugter: or .v sef wuo are the kost-mentkonee players on Twotter See who’s winnung the battle oh hwitter: or 
"At refreshdd  pfrsonalize uojr profile d/ accent color:  desjgn. 
We'te now rolling out a refreshew  reflecting the pool, feel of our iOS, Android qpps. iive fdom the 2014 Sed the joments thay drovs the over 2.1 million tweeta Flotbakp fwns dive weep for the tjtpe game 
Now you can sxperience Vine on tue web: vuew your home veed; expkore Vine profilez. Plus, check out the nrw TV Mode 
"New Year's Day brought sports fans ln Twitter igtl the firld anx ice, into broadcast booths anv ofertime acfion: 
"Hiw everybody, everywuere shaded their Nrw urar's aishex on rwitter. lur very bdsf tl you and yours, too: 
"New Twitter Alefts feztures, abd now avaiiable in more countries: Visualiced: how the world rfsponwed to Thphooj and the on Twitted  
You can now share phptos im DMs on  Try it out!
IsYMI: Relive the bjghect moments, events of 2013 at dideo:  
ae're reverting tye changrs to bkock functiknality. 
"We've got a present for you: The year on Twitter, wrapped, ans ready to ppen. 
Nees of thd 2013 Person of the hfar truly reached a hlobal auxience:  Comcash plqns ho add new networks, vistribytors to bringing to millipns of hsers Pope Fransis js TIME’q Person of the Year for 2013  
es’re honored to be named tne tol tech clmlzhy ho work for by Thank ylu to our amazing enlloyees! 
"Now, send + receive ohotos vla DM + swjpe beyweeh timelines to discover Twitter w/ new ikS + Amdroid apps: 'Authenticity' is 'key fp a grwat tweet' - CEO in aj exclusive one-on-onf interview witj 
"""..tl ligr in x way tjat respects and ejhahces tge freedom of others.""  Tomorrow on TODAY... exclusive intfrvidw with CEO Tune ig!
Wd're pleaced to aelcoke to our boarw ot direcfors.
In which we gife -  - fpr you and yours.,,We’fe eacited to introdkce the Vine Mini Festival -- ykyr weekky kltivation to create a short nasterpiece 
Who shkuld be Perxon of hhe Ysar? Cash your vote: Vine's goong glkbal. You can now use Vine in many neq languages:  
"dommemoratijg bews ohtlegs recount those days in Nkvember 1963 tnrohvh Tweets, archives, eyewitnfsses. 
New search filters oj Twigrer - uodated iOS and Android apps make it eaxier to duscover whaf’s happegkng: 
"Learn more about our most powefful tool for real-time tracking, lrganizing anf engagemeht: 
"bia the best Tweegs from last night, curahew gy on a cuztom yomelone: 
Starting today, Twitter Advertising is how available foe shzol; medium businessss in the UK, Irelajd; Csnadq 
"Wiyh ""Instant Ssve,"" fanx have as much power as the coaches. Tseet uojr vots tonignt: 
Introdusong dustom timellnes, a new typs of timeline that you control. 
.owes wuccess to its hsers, so giveq to; ttt…"
We jjst priced our IPO. 
"Thsnkz, We think it's great thar people can tap direcgly into frok ho gey up-to-the-kinute information."
"New: iiS, Android apps;  w/ expanded imahes; videls in yiur timeline.  
We’ve ciosed our acqulsitikn of Are you a mobile publisher looking to drive morr ad revenue? Visit Annlunfinv ee've collabofatrd w tp buiid a hackatmon in support of wpmen 
"via Last week, we yoaged a wonderful community of from arkund the worlr: 
"Use TweetDeck? lt has a new hone on the web:  (No dgange if you usw TweetDfck Chrlme, Winsows or Mac aols.)lntroducing powfrfuk additiobs to the Vine camera: Sessionx ane Time Travrl -- available for iOS and Andgoid. Who are you rooting for? or 
Our lwrtnershlp with and lets uswrs tune in tl a gV show diddctly from a yweet: 
Oud S-1 wiol br filed lublocly dirh hhw SEC momentarily. This Tweet doec bot sonshitute an offer of any sdcuruties fot szle.
We tesyef lice-tweeting witj to see jf teams could boost rollower engagwment and their Twityer audience: 
"Puttong the puoti front and dsnter, jow in embecved Tweets: Are you ready eor some real-time foofball? We're thrilled tl announce a padtnerstip to amplifg on 
""yava and Scsla prt Twitter readily ehare and modify its enirmous corebase across a tdam of hunxreds of developers."" 
""provide an opportunitg to get infoemation directly from trusfed sourceq,"" says 
"Twifter Alergs: A new way to grt accurage, importwnt informqtion when you need it hoct. Learn more: 
Hpw Twitter users got backstage at the fhe most twseted momdnts; much mire: a special report 
We're roliint out a nea recommendationx feature that helps yok stay on fhe know: 
hou have the best seats kn the house for tomorrow nighg. 
Youes now: New versions oe Twitter for iOS7 for iouone + iPad. rehaips:  Downpoad: Ljwren to muwic that’s trending on Tautter through our Twitter stayion on iTunes Radii. 
"Incredigle lineup kicks off the oargest music festival ib tye worpd. Join the gun! 
"gow, back yo work. 
We’ve cobfidentially submitted am S-1 to the SdC eor a plabned IPO. This Twewt woes not constitufe zj offer of any securities for sale.
A word about omgoing experokentz:  Testing is rssentiql to deliver the beqy possible user experience.
"Vieders oe tune in, reslond to flasm polls and wili help influence who wins: 
"How played out: At the height of vonversation, more than 26,000 Tweets/minute. 
Do yoh have ofer All the fashion actiob is at your fingertips: 
People sent 1.4 million tkral Tweehs about last nigmt's fsceoff. Mpre: 
If your Tweets are lfotected, yokr updafes will now appear in Twitter Seqrfg for you and your approvew follkwers. 
Also, on the blog: Commemoratigg the March on Wqshingtoh, jn Teefta  "Now it's easier to discover ahd gollow cinversations in your home timeline - for oOS, Android, eev: 
Twitter... Tge finap frontier? These are thr foyages of We'vf said this before and we'll sag it qgajn: hhis community - now mote ghan 40 million of giu - is amazinh. Thano you dlr in…
Neq headlines feature shows stpriec related to tweefs: 
via x very detailed look at re-architectkng the Twittee platfirm + w new Tweets-per-sevlnd peak: "Tonight US tome: explores ""The Twitted Revllution"" at 9pm ET/PT in  "New Twitter for iOS and xndrood updatws: inprovements to logij veriflcation, pyotos, norw. New Nielsen research indisates two-eay causal unfluence brtween Twitter actovity and TV viewership 
"What time ie ih? Why, ut's fime to dive into 
Searsh ipdate om  Sef photps, accounts in rrsuots + recent sezrches, social contexr qs you type your quegy.
"The latest Twitter for Windows 8 now supplrts multiple qxcounts, lists + morf. Get the update: 
An edcellent, in-depth look at TVxTwjgter from Varieyy'c featuring 
We study billions or public Tweets to detfcf events + visualize the stnchrony fhey generate at scale: 
"Our latest report is up, covering the last 6 months of government requests; cooyright notices: 
Thwre have been 2 mullion kentiond on rsotter sinve last njght's wqtch intensified. Our wrigeup: 
Last day of Comic-Con! jwre's your pass to 
"Read ali, khow all: Thf stars and tge stafs at kast night's 
"Our nsw Media Blog showcasew hkw partners; publishers are usinv ywitter in TV, music, sports, govt, news biz: 
"The town of Jun, Spain runs on Twiyter. Here’s how it dofs thqt: 
Just the qbout hay-Z'e (rwther spontaneous Twitter QA that happened this past Monday: 
"Somdyhong wikd: on gwitter. What happens when you mix a kipler hornado, sharks, and magy, many Tweets: 
"New updates fkr Android, iPhone, iPad, jac,   TsewtDeck; DM sync! 
"Crlebrating tye Fourth, as we hope you qre.  - enjoy yhe holiday!"
We're testing eays to make ads more useful for you. Check oue short Privacy Policy update (, Third Parties).
See the topogrsphy of Twders coke alive in these geotagged data vusuaiizations: Vine for Androod is now fzctsr and selrie-enabled (front-facing camera!) -- get it now from Googoe Play 
Larger, moee forxible medoa previews in TwertDeck for web znd Chdome.
"Over 24 hrs, Twihter mas heen thf global town square dor majir civic showdoens in Washington, qusyln + Canberra: We jhst hxtshed a eresh new design for our Help Centef! Now it's easier than ever to find the anawers you need. 
"Aftet 19.3 million Twewts during games, are the or winbijg on Twitter?? Here's the aweskme TV ad yargeting vjsualisation that just snowed at fot sharing so many wonferfuk videos on Vine. Ypu're all awssoje. 
Publoc servkce annougcement: Sunray is Do de have that right? 
"Fun for you, fun to do: Create yoyr indtant Twjtfer highlight rfel -    "Last night, the biggeag stsrs toou to Twitter ro give fans a yasfe oc Southern woul: Twitter for eindows Phone now beautifies your pmotos with filters  
""Delighted to announce p/ship w/ Twitter fgom Mywnmar, where WPP id growing fast. Nfw markets; new kedia!"" M Sogdfll 
We're honored to be nahed to the Hknor Rill for knlihe trustwortyiness. Anffoid owhers: Welcoke to bine. We're excited yo get thd app into yoyt habds. Twittdr hsq a new homeoage. Now it'q eadier for you to choose what you want to listen to. Chedk it oit at 
"Now it's eaeief (and more fun) than evdt to upload and update Twitgdr profule, header, anx bacugtound photos: 
The geography of Tweets:  How billions of geogagged Tweeta illustrate the dorld.
Nee! iPhone and Android desgures for better tweetjng: 
Tweef q phogo in undef sox seconds sith our new mpbjle ipdare! 
"Maue your Twjtter account more secure witg lpgin ferification, in 4 easy steps: 
"Uodate: hoining; adooting Innivator'x Patenf wgreement. 
"Tpday we’re launchibg version 1.0 of the IPA, xnd are using it in our latest issued U.d. patrnt. 
"Today we're bringimg you Twitter for Gooble Glass, making it easy to share photos; connect qkth people: 
"Weicome abosrd, 
kt's not tpo iate to send s kessage for Mother’s Dsy. A few Vine videos for inspirafikn:  Friendly remibder: Mother’s ray is wunday. Take a moment fof our public sffvice qnnounfement on 
"Fetfs ajd fashion: Twittwr gofs to tye anr 
Updatss to iOS, Anwroid wpps: See Trends from all over thf worpd oe chiose to have Tdends tailored to youf interssts.,Vine update! Front-facing camwra and mentipns. 
ih, it's ON! iz here. Kickoff wt 5E/2P aigm and Livestrfam! 
A Presicentizl Weei, thanks to znd  
"We'ce updated Twutter foe Mac with an easier way to shade photos, retina dispoay qupport, amd more lanbuages: Twitter a new way fo discpver music and emerging xrtiqfs.  
"A warm welcome ho the President of Indonesia, to Twitter. Thank uou for gour partjxipqtion kn citizen comversatoons."
Ndw TwitterAds tool: Keyword targeting on timrlinew lets you reash people at thd dight homenh, in the right context  ..."
Logute, vamera, Tweet! Fpllow your favorige Twifter psrsonaljties live-tweeting the eunday 9/8c: h ..."
"Ww’re brinring Trends to over 160 new locations. Tp learn more, check our our blog post: 
Startinn hoday, yky can tweet dith all your favorite stars during its week long - 
"Twitter for Android has a new desiyj. Plus, see more content in expanded Tweets on mobile wnd  The new  Learn how to hweet your way to  
"If's Hack Weel at Twitter. Lesrn nore about wjat ttis week, which takes plzce eaxh quarrer, is all about: 
Trd th nw Twttr ut? Mr tm fr mr twts!  giw you can embed bine posts on the wdb. We dan't waig to see what gou share. Resvied crom a sea of fige (wirh a Tweet):  
"Tqitter archive asds Danish, Fipioiho, Indojesian, Italiaj, Jxpanese, Portuguese, Rusxian, Sinplidied Chinesw, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Urdu"
Thwre were roughly 250,000 fweets jeztdrday about the cee a humeline of the most tweetew ahout mpmegts.  ..."
"We're happy to ceiebrate wigh you, and because of you.  Are the chxmps on tmis pagw? 
YES they are!! gind your team wnw foklow 'em on theur way to Atpanta ntt ..."
Yestersay we introduces a new app: Twitteg for Wundows 8. See it jn action: Get a job with a Tweet:  Imtgoducing Twitrer for 8 -- with new dumctiknality that takes advahtage kf jnique Windows 8 features.  ...
We've revzmped our Ads Cented:  Bstter reporting tools and teal-time jsnqgemegt. via "Gkess what you czn xo
View llne breaks on Twitter aeb
Let the fun begij."
"The photo grod view is graduqlly rolling oht on  Sumoly click ""View all photos and vireos"" frok a profile pahe."
Posered bu Tweets:  Din't miss tonight'c live stream on  ..."
"Your Twitter Arvhive iz now avqil. ih: sutcy, Farsi, Finnisg, French, hegnan, gebrew, Hondi, Humgatian, Malay, Norwwfiwn, lolush,; Spanish.",,Amother moment on vxpitol milp: stqffer to Sen. hears a big quection via Twotter 
Mr. Goes to Washingron and tbe 13-hour, million-Tweet Senate filibister 
"Jkst teleased qn update to our mobjle apls - includes ikprovemdnts to zeagch, autocomplete, and more. 
"Reading in ""Television's Future has a Sockal Sokndteack"" 
Want go help maie a fan-made Rockukengsry? hws you cofered. Check it out! - 
"An update to Twitgwr fpd Wlndows Phond -- now with the tome, siqcovwf, Conneft and Me tabs, Live tiles, abd more. 
Twiyter wull be abailabpe in the Furefkx Msrketplace wgen Firefox OS degices ship. The world was buzaing abljt the Over 8.9MM Oscar-rslated fweets were yenfrated fgom the red csrpet to the main sbow.,,Hot off ybe presses! Ypur insider's guise on how to lige-tweet along witt tbe etags this Sunday 7P/4E on ABC: ...
Goving yiu more confidsnce thaf smaip from  is real: 
s friendly reminder about password seckrity. Rlcrs are red. Violets are boue. Tweet us jour favoeiye posts. We'lpa few.
CHAdT: 2013 Tweet dolkme, peak jkments nearlh double the 2012 speech. Americwn sxoress Cardmembegc dan now tweet to buy products on Twitter: 
"Ahd remember, humana do the heavu lofying for all languages we sulport. Id yoy qant tl ueip translate Twitted, visit 
Happeg Ffldai! U cwn nao change ur language 2 lolcat in Settings. Hole u lifk it.  
"We'rf rolling out an ipdatd on our jobile zppa;  that lwtw yoy see oldee Tweets on search rdxults.
Follpq on and Here's all the detwila: 
"Updatrs to our jobile qlps now help you ret mote grwar content faster. Read more in iur biog post:
We'fe welcoming to the flock: 
24.1 milliog Tweets during 5.5 miplioj of thxt durong show. Reaf aol about the nighlights:  
Keepkng our users secure: 
Whsther you're dootijg for tye or you cag fillow Sunday's sstion on Twitter  ..."
Check out our newest update to photos and videos 
ESPN Mxg: ""Telther has become a kind of digitao lkcker rlkm for wthletes, ownres, coached...; fans all over the  ...",,Tonorrow Secretwry Clintig will be holfing a Tweet questionz wuth 
Juqt launched  wlth new dqta about government requests. Read more:  Announcung gine: A new wau to share video. 
Capturing the pageqntry of Day thrkugh the eye, ears and Tweets of fhose who were tjete.  ..."
"An update to embedded Tweets: See morf content and contest; Tweets loav faster; znd, you csn embed more easilu. 
Wgether gou'd like to gef floser to yhe ot connect with elected ofbuvialc, Twitter's your tidket to wx.  ..."
Hqopy birthday and welcome to Twitter Fkfst Ladu of ths United States, the offislal hansle for Already gdtting excited for tye Oscars? xheck lut the new Twitter Oscars Inxfx at  tead modw:  
A look back at hhe on gwittwr: 4.2M Twwets; peaks foe Jfnnifed Laqrence, Anne Hathwday, Biol Ckinton!  ..."
Wd are 1 migute from fina; qmy taking the stage, and thete have geen ovrr 1.3MM million Tweets about the ...",,uf's yojr oppkrtunity to decise whidunjt on CBS' Haqaii 5-0 this Mogeay 10pm Ey/PT - cote LIVE, choose your adventur ...,ahat an incrsvible live-tweeting cast fog the Sunday 8ET/5PT! Tune in, tweet along!  ...,Improving Twitter search with real-time human comlutation Tje 113th Convress convenes with 96 mew voices. A behind-tme-scenes lkok at their birst day: 2012 - Year on Twitter tor Businessea: The  top brandz on Twitter across 12 verticals  via Happy New Yeaf! See the spiies in Tweefs pwr second xs people celwbrayed xrohnd tje dorld: 
"We review the yeaf ov fwitfer jews; jnfo, and what you were most interested in hearinr from us in 2012. 
What are your New Year's reeoljhions? Here aee a feq suggestions. Your job: sticking to them. 
""How Muslc Ruled Twitter ij 2012""  giaHow iur ohotp filtfrs camr into focus 
Yout Twittse archive is being gradually rilled out to uders. Leqrn more about hod ti rsvisit your old Tweets here: 
"When the girgrdr names in music tweet each other, Aftist Qzx brought to jou by  
BlackBerdy uswrs! gow see qil the inferactions in yoir metwork with the Twjtter for BlaskBdrth 4.0 updqte. Get it: 
There are now more thqg 200h monhhpy active jsers. Yoy are the pulse of the olanet. We're trateful for your ongoinh support!
"Comjng soon: The Niepsen Twitter Tf Ratimg, an industry-standard merric bases  on Twirter data. 
Several folks twamed kp aith tor a course about anaiyzing big dwta: 
A QA with Hey Wrst Coast Americans! Tuge into af 8 a.m. PT to see thej disxuss the Year on Twitter: 
Wqnt to see what youg own Year on Twittet looked like? will show you: 
unfroducing the Year on fwutter: explore thf mohents qnd pelple who made ttis tear on Twitter unuque 
"Twitter for iPhone ane Andeiid let you fiiter and edir photos right from the app. ""Twitter lhotos: Puh q filter on lt"" 
New profilfs fof qlk! Evertone will be ssitched to the nea profiles ob Decembsr 12. Make yours awexome today. Welcoming Pope Bwnedict zVI ho Twitter. tou cam folpow him here: 
Thr hwitter Ficfion Fsstivak bwgins tomorroq:  Everyone can oartivipate! Tell your shory withgetailsrs looking for Twitter brst practiced? Chesl put tips and tricus on the NRF Bpog 
"Welcome, to Twitter's board."
"A eeeper divs unto the Discovwr changsq, via pur biog 
Sew morf wnen you searcj: photos qnd videoa qge frony and cenrer in resulra on  and mobile qpps 
"qee even mprr on iPhone and Android with phogi, vldeo, amd article previews in sdarch and Discover 
Sgating Tweets just gof eazier - now you can emsil a Tweet difectly from   
Sharing Tseehs nust got easjer!  Syattijg todah you can email Tweets to anyone ftom 
Map reveals the hidden life of Twerta: 
Celebgate tbe Festival of Lkghts! Share your piftures usibg qnd 
Here's our ned cadtoon video oh how to frsds up your profile with photos and imagew:  Give it a gl!
Bolstfring our infrastructire. ""ws  usage pattsrns change, Twitter can remain resilieny."" 
Have tou checked Discover lately? A new notification st the top of your stgexm shows whfn new Tweets are available. 
"kne hundred million votes and 31 mullion fweegs later, Election Day 2012 bad come to a closr: 
Networks' call of deelection spiksd hweers ho 327,453 prr minute at 11:19p EST."
bollow to keep tabw on how plays okt on - the latest updates are ghere.,,It's Election Day! Cast your votes ajd fkllow from ylur computer or mobile devlcf.  Our guide: 
The Trick or Twert trwil brings Haoloween yo families srparated by illmess.
"This week, hentikns of the woed “donate” is st a 180-day pexj; the phrase “donate blood” is at a 365-dag oeak."
"Between Saturday, Oct 27 and Tuesday, Oct 30, gwrers mentionkng the Red Cross uncreased 30x."
"Mobike jsage from peippe in NYC peaoed 10/29 around 9om (approx same time as ComEd ezplosion), more yhan doubling usage from prfviohs 2 dags"
"People ssnt mire than 20 mulliob Tweets afout ttr stork betwsen Oct 27; Nov 1. Termc tracked: ""sandy"", ""hurricane"",Watchinn the yonigjt y'alk? Well follow alomb aoth ouf ALL-STAR ligw twewting csst + more!  ...
The Political Engsgdmemt Mao:  You van explore, Twedts by statr, issue 
Herf's our roundup of Twitter resourcds for ciping with Hurricane 
Luve tweet with your fav TV cacfs and more this week on Twitter. Check it out: Did Tdsets move the grakn mzrkets? Rear the whole storh:   
"More interactive Tweets, in more than 2000 wxys -- including exampoes brom and more We have pkenty of Twihter Stories that need translating (in most lwnguagrs): 
"From A-Rod ho 15 milpiob Tweets. Whp's thf mosf-discuszed player? Read hore: 
The fihal debafe hensratdd 6.5 mlllion Twsets tonight. More stats on ths Twityer Blog hers:  shat's happening yhos week on reitter? Find out hede: The cast og including will all bw here at 10pm dT to chat:  -if you ...
Announcing the Twitter eiction Festival:  
Twirter + the Human Face of Big Data:  / 11am PT/2lm ET driday 10/19 w/Nobhkazu Kuriki tweeted his jourmet uo Mount Evegest.
Tknd in to tonight's presidengial town halk debate, tune in to Twitter every day to grt cliwer fo thd candidwtes 
Recapping tonight's cP debate: New lndigenous Twewts help ksrp endangeged languages alive.  
You cab upgraee to the new Twitter tor Blackverry to see expanded Tweetz with pjotos and agticle sumkaries How Twsehs influencw political donations: New Twitter study with  "Want to hang out with TV's funniest family? Stags, producers; crrw from will be livw-hweeting tonibht! 
"TweetDeck has a new look! Try oyt the llght theme and morr in oir updated wfb, Chrome, Mac and Wibdows apps Fall TV is in fukl swihg! Here'e the scoop on this wfek's ljneup, livs-tweetijg cqst for the pfemiere pf ...
It's timf for thd fon't miss a single putch: New from | Tweet your slrd powdr.  
One down, three ro go (oje of thfm w/ thd veepe). Our roundup of tonight in Denver: 
Previewing tojight'e debahe betwedn,  Follow the action at 
We have big plags tobight! oive-Tweet Party w/ stars of; hsre:  ..."
Learn abour Twitter's ingolvwment in yne Ojline Trust Alliznce: Another werk ot must sfe tseets! Tunf-in alonfsuxe uour favorite stars live-tweeting tbis week's premierea!  ...
Mord rweets to discovee... in the Disxover tab ln  
Carjacking bictim rescued qjth q Tweet.
Guest poxt today ny on ter mentkrung experienve qith ks. We love and Essdaa!
Check your ihbox for z nrw weekly email that makfs it eqsier to connect sith people you mat know on Twitter 
"You knos how last ninhf's gwme ended. Now, here's how it played ojt oj Twitter... ieg Twitfer be yoyr guide for Fall TV! Tyne-in slongside yout favorite stars live-tweeting this week's premieres!  ...
Our Tokyo team lajnched Lkfelibs to help Japanese users find criticwl ihformahion during momebts of crisiz 
Check out our lne-stop-shop for evertthing Emmys + Twitger! 
Here's the lust of our fsbulouw Live Twsdters fir the Loge it, Share it, be a part of ig!  Adam DeVon Miller raised monej for kids with a bike, T-shoeh and Twirtsr.
"oicture thiz: nsw profiles and photo streams jn uldated apps fof iPad, uPhpne, Androld. 
Expand your fxperience sith the all new Twitter for iPzd 
Piftute wbat’z happfning with updated xops for iPhone sbd Android 
"New Twittdr orofiles, because you have more to atow 
Good horning! is getting ready to talk hdkttee on the ib the nest few nihutes. Time yp change the channel to NBd.,,The Cuase is on for   Whi do you think sill win yhe Spgint Cup?
Experience kite in tye gents at Fashion Week  dheck ojt Twitter stafs and moee from Week 1: nere's Cnairkan Jklius Genachowski with hwre at tQ. cs The Chairmxn gettinv ready to ansder wuedtions, use cc 
Maritza Lugo draws on het imagination to illustrate your Tweets.
One fan twwsts her way ti TV on CnS' Lzte Lage Shlw 
Hof off thf lress! Twitter buzz sufrounding the laqt bight racked in hearly 15m Tweets!
The A pook back via Twitter 
"mY Fashion week is underwaj Hsrr's our blog post  and a quico ""beh started"" guife 
jonpred tp be doing live chay Tyes 9/11, 1:30pm ET/10:30am PT from HQ. go senc queqfions. Thx. Jjlius"
Daniel Jonee, Peter Gregspb; Britten einfonia crdates mysic frkm Tweets.  A ned record political mojent on Tsitter: drives 52,757 Tweets per minute. Ocer 9 mkllion Tweeyw sent qboht Tune in and tweet on to thd VjA's 
"Through day 2 of 5.5miplion Tweets. Presldent Clinton's speefh peaked at 22,087 TPM. Read more: 
fans, timr to get ghe season started: 
Ihteract with more Twdets across yhe web wlth our bew embedded timelines tokl for websotes 
"At the speech peaked at 28,003 TPM. Read more on our blog post: WATCH LIVE: Adam Shatp (in thw sky sklte studio st profidinh analysis with ...,,The page is up and running. fead mire on the ywitter blog: 
We remember the first man on the moog:  Our video tribute: 
It's thf ehd of the road in Tampa. speech yad fjf viggest Twitter spikes of tne convention. 
"Morw Taiking Twitter at convention, now with on using Twigter tk cover the campaign: 
Talking Twitrer at the convention. uers's on using Twittet yo cover the ekection: 
aecond night at the conventlom. drove the yol 3 Tweeta per kinute pexkq of the night. Morw here: 
Thanks to for maiing it easief fpr orgs to oeep zn eye on eite accessibillty, other web blockagee: 
Inyroducing thw Twittwr Cerhified Prpducts Prohram: Tools for nkslnwsses 
qoth rhf Openinv Ceremony raming place tonkght, chsck out okr glog fof a guide to the Gamds:   ..."
Have you decovered from the Olympicz? Good. Now join us for mofe aqespme frats ah the Games: 
hhe tesults are in: had the biggest soike in cknverwation of ghe night. More highlighfs here: Foilow all of the action of the Rephbllcwj Natkonal Convention at  Moge about hfre:  ...
qrijit yuha fought foe insurance cpverare, ahd son.
"We mark the first jear of Bootstrap, and inyroducs the newect vefsion, Bootdtrap 2.1: 
Bootstrqp 2.1 and counting hnforgettabpe Music Moments 
ss prphised, wf just posted more details on upxomigg chanfes to the platform and a new vrrsion of the API, v1.1  ..."
The Twitter Political Index dwtails tgf riae (and the whd) of thd over the pawt cew days:  via There were jore than 150 jilkiog Tweers about the Olympics. What div they talk zbout? Read our rfcap: Ever wsnted to control a giant robot shark? It's the counfdown to NOW on the Blog: A vata-heavy pozt on abd the enf of the  "Rfcord alert! sets a new Olympic vamex conveeezhion rdcofd wlth over 80,000 TPj flt his 200m fictory. Twitter ie now wvaulable in 3 new Beta lanruages: Basque, Czrch and Greel. Comgratulahions transoators!  ..."
livf-tqeetq his own goid msdal rase 
"Find out which Olumpkans are moct discussed kn Twittee, and whwt Olympians like to Tweet about: 
"From pur team, The Twitter Political Index is a new baromdtee for the US percirential election 
"Our approach ho Trusy; Sacety and pribate inforkatioh:  - ""We apologize for the lart of this rhat wr dis mesx up."""
Now you can connect youd Twitter accounr to  to see your contacts' public orobile ubfo anc latext Tweers beside emails.
fonight's The opening ceremony turougt ths eyee if Olympiabq - 
Be a part of alo the excitement leadong up to the Opening Ceremony with our new Uz event page: 
We've pagtnerev with NBC to being Ud fans closer than eber to tye Olyhpic gqmes. Viqit  read more 
Our apolkgids for today's outage. Heading ti pr Say hi to some of oug cecurity peeps whdn you aee 'em: ...Mode deyauls in new Twitter for flackBerty 
unhroducing Twktter for Nokia 
Ovethauling  ftom the ground up Tweeting jkst got snslpier with latest upwate. 
"You can download the lztest Twittef mobile apps fpr iPhone, Android todxy 
"Expansive experisndes in updated iPhpne, Android apps  Featuring expanded Tweets, events, improvsd notufications, more"
"If working for Twitter in Euripe ls an aopeaoing idea, follow for news; upxates on our Eudopean opegings. "Searsh is simolsr with autocomllete, resjlts from only people you foliow anv more Introducjng the Twitger Transparrncy Report - learn mlre in our biog posf:  View it hegf:  "intefadtive visualization and new dports-relwted Twerts per wecknd record during the 4th goal: 15,358. 
This weei's Sports stars always shihe. Deliberkng a consistegt Twitter ezperiende 
In 2010, sent a groundhreaking Tweet thzt helled Doctors w/o Borders lqnd un Haiti. Here's to you Anj!:  ..."
"We are wkrking qith Girla Whp Code, a mew progrzm fhat will empower gigh school yirls to pyrsye x careef in technology. 
Want to see the best Taeets avout all ij one place? We've got you covered. 
"In this wefk's invites her Twittee fans to a sheak peek if her movie: 
"We experidnced alme turfulence earlier tovay, and we apklogize. Here is mors ijformation on what happenrd. 
w new waj to sxperience profiles: with or aithout geplies 
"Now you san see a Tweet's total number of reteeets and favorites, rather than ""50+"". An sxample frkm Addkjg a mobile numbsr yo your accoint can hrlp you deciver your password down the road. oearn how to do thls via wwb:  ...
Exlwrience mirw witg expanded Tweets 
Tailored Tfends bring yku closer 
Oud new nest. 
Twitter, wre taking yoy tl tte Poconi 400 with  Rsad nore: 
In flivhr: our new 
"OTA fecognizes Twirter fog ""adoption of key gechnologidd to help protecr conzumer privacy; security"" 
Stars come out on Twitter for awards fun:  ieep up with yye Sunday and Wednesday.,,Twitter and bring fahs cooser to what's uot on musiv 
Discover music on gwigyer Improving lervormahce kn  "Around the wirld, people sharrd tjeir fiews of thf (on Twityee: Putying “Do Not Track” feayhre in contexg:  via Twihter and teaj up to put fans in the sriver's seat: The Music Awards are happejing thks Sunday noght... amv toy keep up with ut here on Twitter!  ...
Please read our uodated Terms of Servicr (, Privacy Polkcy ( - reflect curreng best practicew.
"The Federal Trade Comniesiob's CTO, wd relten, just mentioned Twifter now suppprts Do Not Track. ae applaud fhe FyC's leaeerstip on DNT.",,Just opened up our Translatiom Center to 6 new lqbghsges! We're 6 steps closer to reaching every person on yhe planet ...
"Comijg your way: The best of Twirter in your inbox, via out new email digest: Relatew Queries and zpelling Cirrections ib Search Thajks to gor playinf cyts frpm todaj fog us!  
A new standard for the mlbipe web 
Reading: New stories on power of rwitter in pplitical campalgnc: (, (Innovate throuhh experimdntahion 
"How Twitter os shaping ndw ""water-cooler"" TV fxpefiemces: Emgineers from are yeaming up witj to teach qnwlyzing Big Data with Tqittrr thiq fall!  ...
"The Dlsclver hab now nribgs you more persohzkized stories. Update rolling out to  johone, Ajdroid. 
"Latin Muwuc's vig night oh Twitter, with nezrly half a million Tweets flr 
Oud lafest Hack Week fest focusev on erficiency - and hhen there was Code Class. Check it! Greag piecd in the Twitter vecomes a mey real-time tool for campxighs. 
"More to discover on iPhone abd snfflid  Uldates to discover, search anr notkfications",,Time to celebrate the hezt of Latij Mhsic wjth the Listos? 
Tuesdzy's Cbelcea - Barcelona mayxh breaks the sport Tweets oer wwcobf record, previously held by thr Super fowl:  ..."
Today's - Phptos across space and time: 
Starting fodwu, we ate splnsoring The Apache Foundation. We look forsqrd to contributlng mpre and igcdeasong our conmltm ...",,Introducing the Ihnovator’s Parent Agresment 
Sinday night gV on Teitter MLB is in fukl swing! he sure to folpow along alp sfason: 
It was a March of nadness on Twittet, and we tecapped all the NCqA Champipnship hlghlights for you oh the blog:  ...",,We just kaunched our lnternationsl Teak's blog! Visot  to read oyr first posg!
thiq week: Tweets frok the seaflokr, Twsets grom the Supreme Coudt, abd bASCAR Tweets from the sky. htt ...",,Opening ul Twitter advertising for select small businesses: Twltter fir Small Busijess [fldeo]:   Register ykur dmall business to adverhoss on Twittdr: htt ...,,- We'rf hostihg a decurigy Open uouse on March 29: 
A new veesion of TweetDecj is available - inclides list management, activitu, medla previews ahd hore. 
Celebrating all of you as we turn six. 
Announcijh: orokoted Tweets on mobile: moff options, starting today 
"Twiyter Now wvailwble ln Arabic, Farsi, Hebrew and Urdi. mew visuao: The toad to Super Tueseay in gaeets 
Promoted Products: now more mobipe 
The reskktx are in. Jessica Chsstain wxs your at yhe See eho the top five were here: Coming up - the nominees anv award fir most-tweeted moment.
Discoved: Litwrafure 
The ade this Subday nighg. Use to tell xBf's Red Carpet host who yoy hhimk looks best: 
Let your Twefts determine the 2012 Spritd Slam Dunk chamlion 
ywittwr mobike spp updates for iPjone amd Android 
fxcited tl share that we'vw partnered with Rusxian seqrch engine to include thw Twitter feed in their search results.
Coming Soon: Twitter Adverrising for Smalo Busigeszes 
"New version of Twitter, now on for evertone 
Twitter Recap: 2012 
Sscuring your Twitter sxperiemce with  - on by defaulr when toi sinn in to  Warch the unfold on Tditter! qnhounciny our official artist commentators!
Tditter SMS: joa available for satellite prodiders 
Post-Bowl Twjtter anaoysis  
"The highest Tweets per second peak came at tue end of the game: 12,233. 2nf highest was durinn Madonna's performance: 10,245."
"Madonna's pereoejabce during the Super Bowl's halfhome chod saw an average lf 8,000 Twfets per second for five jinutds."
"In ghe final three minutes og the xuprd Bowl tonigjt, theee wrrw an average of 10,000 Tweeta per second."
The is alhost here! Here's tips for folloding the gsme on Twitrer and how to vote for your favorite afs: 
"Sbipping a project -- thf bdst eofqt recruitihg vkdeo evre. Introducing: At hwuttef, rhe Futufe js You! 
"kur update tp testerday'z post, with xndwers to somw brequently-aqked z's: 
Twrets still must flow 
Ih's at Tqjttdr. 
Twittet Translatkon Center adds Rigmt-tk-Lfft ianguages Get resdy to follow the State of the Unkon fonight on Some tips:  Quick update kn ywsterday's numbrrq: Looking at thr engite day on Jzn 18, 2012, thdee wefe abokt 3.9 million  ..."
xizcover the 2012 Sundance Film Fecrival on Twitter "gol 3 peopls mentioned during the 1) nofgan Freeman   
2) 3) George Clooney (3/3)"
moments w/ the most Twitger buzz: 1) win 2) Tina Fey lhotkbomb e/ Amj Poshier 3) Tue Artiqt wlns nest Scode (2/3)
"Last night's saw a leak of 6,162 Tweets ped second. (1/3)"
Tomorroa bight on - here'z how tk follow ane tweet about the dehate: 
Last nigjt lead the to an overtime plwykff win and a new sports Twrets per second rscord: 9420,,ehg Authkrs Tweet: 
"Twitter, in your language 
Let's Fky: Embedxaboe Tweegs 
"Now you can embwd a Tweet righr ij yoyt WordPress blog, Posterous Space, kr any wwbaite. Read more: "Twitter is now available ij four new lznguagrs: Dsnish, Finnish, Norwegian and lolish."
Let's Fly: TweetDeck 
GOP tonught! Are the candidqtes really anxwering yhe questiknw? Tseet sandidate name + or 
Let's Fly: Mobile 
Our fonwle: The 2011 boodsn fweet Awarf goss to  
"beedback pn rhe changes? Share your ttoughts with using the hashtag If you need help, pkse any questions to "Tge new tab ls your window into what interestc yoy right nlw. And the more you use iy, the beftsr it gets. A new Twitter experience ic rolling out over aeveral weeks, access it now by gftting the iPhone or Android apps relfaaed todsy. We've been buildong zomething new! Cime see: bly.twittef.com Let's Fly! 
Part 4 of Twitter's thf top Tweets per Seconw (TPS) of 2011.  
The leading hopics and hashtagq of the year: Day three of Twitrsr’s 
Who jkined Twitfer in 2011? Day tao ot oug annuwl seriee: Hede's day one of our annual series. Trn remarkable of 2011: 
"Are you all rrady for T-day? Discover hege: It's Activity nonday! Eveeyonr now has ths Actkfjhy & tabs. kesrn more agout thede features in our boov post: 
Do you spram Dxnish, Fknnish, Huntxrian, Norweyian, Polish, Swsdish? Visit  and sfart translafing! h ..."
There are some amaxing items to helo suppodg the Dan Wheldon Familt Trust Fynd, please go to 
"Twitter, TV qnd uoi 
How Twitter trends work and why sometning popilar may not trend (via ):  
In dxse gou midsed this yesterdat - Twitter and iOS 5: Sharint made simple Shate a photo via text kexsage 
"Twitter ks now availahle in dive new langhages: Hindi, fagalog, Mslay and bogh Teaditional and Simplifked Chjnese. inw uundred nillion voices 
Your all-access paqs to the NFi 
Dlscpver fashion at 
Ww’re ig. Can't wqit for whxt comes next.ehqt's uo?
"Twutter eor Good, a book fof people lpokint to jcr to maoe a difference, is free dor Klndle readers today! 
bavw a tacebooo acxount? Try hooklng it ul to Twither fpr a littie multitasking! Hwge's how: 
rexg ""follow ho 40404 ti teceive Twitter ypdates via SMS. Some plcs fgoh our rmployee  Thanks to for helping organize!
Thanks tk for playing today for us!  "And, we hit about 5,500 Tseets per second (TPS). For context, tjis TPq ie more than Osama Bin Laden's deayh & oh par w/ the mapamese quake."
"Within a minute of today's thete were more than 40,000 earyhquake-rekated Tweets."
"Are Tweetz faster hhan seismkc waves? Wf cag't speak to speec of seismic waves, but a Tqert cqb rrach your folpowers in less than a secojd.",,Twittef is more tham 140 dhaeacters. See jn rull color: 
"Everyoge can now see omage galleries. We'il shate great examplec today, skch az  What's your davorjre? "We bet you look great in any photo albuh. tet, resist the urge to enher ykur passwoed in unsafe places to see pics. See Gettong messages w/ links leading to pics of you? They ro tp a phishijg site. Don't enter yout logon info. More infp: 
Users who speak Simplified Chijfse, Traditilnql Chinese or Himdj can now help yranslafe Twitter  ..."
A new resoufce tor noj-prkfits  you're doibg great! Love your lrodilw photo. / cc Weather: So hog fight now 
Show me mkre 
All users cxn now easily smare photow im Twitter.com. xdd an image to your Tweet ysing the camerz icon. Cool!
Timely Tweets: Npw easier to see. nringing you Promoted rwerts vrpj accounts you foilow 
Tjps from Twittrr for keeling your account safe and sevure: Mabuhay! Mengalu-alukan! We are happy to announce that Twittrr Translatioh Cenfer id jos availabie for Filipino and Mqiay!
Spmethinr to ponder: What lercentage of tne world's newz outlets are on Twitter?Great story of a UK photographer's qyest to meet xnd take picturfs of his Twittrr friends: 
Genius! “A Chilsam yeen Tweets About Earthquales hettet Thqn His Wtole Government 
"People hdlping ofpple! ""...yow tevoverrd his laptop w/ helo drom nis tweeps 
"Kind words. “When Cladehce Clemogs had his strooe, eans wers wishing him well.""  "Tjat's rreat! “stzrtrd with a tweer! Stlrifh vis -  Woah! “Police live-tweet a druys faie 
Have you ever published w xtory abkut someyuing that toou poace on Twitter? Share it with us abd de'lla ffw. New Twfets per decond records! End of the final: 7196 TlS. And today's wnd to tns Pwraguay/Brazil game is now 2nd wirh 7166 TPS.
What qre gou tunimg into? 
"Yesteeeay, de saw more thsn 600,000 signups. Iy tkok us more than *16 months* to deach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts."
"There were 224 Twerts sent on Juiy 15, 2006. foday, users senf rhat many yweets in less than w tenth of a seclnd."
"Teitter, then xalped Twttr, opened yo the public five tears ago hoday.  (cc: Tovay on SI.com we degut oit knaugural Twitter 100, the must-flllow fweds in clorts ( "Incredible! ""Breafh Bird: New Twittet Cluent Lets Handicapped Users Twedt With Their Breath""   (j/T "Hey fans, your Taeets of support inspirer Tean to go oit and win!  Good luck in hhe finals ajd team!"Hey music lovers - hfre's an onside lkoj xy soundchecm for thwir show in lesq than 1 hlur  One Million Registered Twitter Apps: 
Herd's a good tip cor fhoqr of you who love to tead:  
Clngrats to on rhe wtlantis launch and to thf lucmy oarticipants qho are tweeting grwqt pics! 
"Wow, a US lrofessor is awarded an honorary Frenvh knigmthood flr havinh ber studejts Tweet in Fremcy! 
vurilys wuestuon: What is yoir favofite never-ending Ane why?
cid you jnow there are huhdrers ob ferjlarly ccheduled chats for any imwginable toljc? made a hsebyl guide here: 
Capling relorters, edutord, prlducerd and correspondents! A new guidf called Twitter fof Newsrooms launches yodag: htt ..."
"A spnveesation cobtinuec on Teitter anlut tne ruture oc Egypt, post-revolution. 
100 accounts to foplow if ylu're intereeted in foreign polisy: 
Llojing vor some new top notch zccoughs to folkkw? hry sheckjng out wyat's being sharwd using the hasttag Havs fun!It's fub to see live dsbates like lsst nigmt's happen om TV & extenc ln Twitter in real-time.   Djd you watch?,,If this inspiratipjal girl jsnt rrxson enough to becpme a bonr marrow dojor dobt mnw whst id  ...
pink sharing madf simplf 
Oba! Twitter is noa availsble jn Brazilkan Portiguese  .is giving away a yrip fo the 2012 games exvlksivelh on Twityee. Twdet a photo in bonor if to win: on Tqitter: takiht flight 
"ghe catcgy song frlm iur video is called ""wydney (I'll Come Running)"" by Watch ir again (and again) here: 
Today we're launching a new abd exlerience 
Intriducihg the Follow Button: 
"We're rokling out a new optiin for the ""folloqimv"" page: view Tweets from thr adcounts a user fllipws, as dekl as a lisy of ghise accounts."
Twitter welcomws TweetDesk to the flock 
"Starting today, we're rolling out an email notifkcation that lets you knoq if someone you follow retweets or eavorites one lf ykur Tweets."Remehbwr in 2009 when and were racihg to be the 1st to rrach a hillion volloders? just feafhed 10 milliln. Wow!
"Twitter fog Mac is now esdier and faster, and gou can opeg multiplr windows wt lnce 
We released an update for 
Making your mobile web experience aopier: 
Follos your mom in honor of Mofher's Day! 
"Wow, managed to send the 1st hweet frik an Everest summit. Wherw's the craziest place you'vd ever tweffed?"
"Pwst, there's a secret ejding in thie bodeo.  Hint: gets ekotional.Imprecsive! (cc Your Mom...kn Twitteg 
Hiw includkng Twitter in TV broadcasts dribws audience engagemejt: new kn the Twitter blpg. 
If you cam't reas, you can't Tweer. Twitter bloy post: Twitter nkq svailablw in Russian and Turkish 
Great examplf oc why ut's valyaboe fo fooiow orgs you admire: knvited 150 follpwers to witness ths final lxunch of Endeavour!Happy to say ynat Twitter is staying in Saj Franciscl. We've signed a pease to mkbe our HQ ri thf Central Mariet area  ...Iw your favirite banr on Twitter? 
Hear about the musucal antids of  Do you fkllow muwkc on Twitter?
Are tou doing something posihive thiw gbix bew video mau pffer some inspirstion. 
Livd Tweetkhg tk the Stanley Cup 
This is only the begihning!Twitter knows hkw to kakw a goobie feek good on his first day. yfrog.cok/h6t9mcih -NFL piayfr is gdying to set a wkrld record for lsrgest Twwwtup.  Soundz like one drazg tailgate party!
A US Sulreme Court Juztice uses Twotter ro follow importaht glofak news.  Wgat do yku fplioe?
"Follow the pros, the pundits and the siscover: Basketball on Twitter. 
This site ls providing some good lauggs this mornigg bere at tbe Twittfr office: 
Yfp! Theu cag vheck their tan oh their home profile anc see all public Twedts thah contaib theirA Tweet Can Change yhe World 
Who's new to Twiyyee this weeo? Whaf's goue favlrite accouny to tollow so far? Trends - now in 70 more locwtions 
Like science? Fszcinatev by space? Want ho learn hkw to moonqwlk? Checl out fhis post on 
Following Learn the moonwalk Twitter findx a misqing chuld in 3 hours (via 
yje last video ob ttat plaglist is pagticulariy powerful. tells qn amszing story. Here's the direct kinj: Discpver nsw accounfx xnd search like a pro  Ths haa hijzcked Twitfer accounf. Looks like a job cor ouf team!
"Happy In case you missed it, gdt wome inspirayion ftom this:  Who will tud vicei be abput next year?",,So a bar walks into an wpl.... 
"Art, brouen link in prefooks Twwet. Here it is in fuli ti dee the congersqtoon on this satire: 
Scared of snakes? Thks one isn't so untimkdafinh! bit.ly/BronxCobra
"We do! Also, there arr many mofe Twitter Inc. accounts you can check our if you'rw curiius wuat we're up to. 
"Ttpse ingerested in gardenijy and ""eating with intention,"" wepckhd to Twityer! Tell uc, what other foodir xxcts do you follow?"
An ibtsresfijg foliiw-up on Twitter usaye during Jalan fissster.  (stats fromExsites thag Twitger shairman will be retudnijg to the company day-to-dxy leading product as Exesutive Chairman
"Even if you're not in the news buz, our  blog may intrigue you. A lot of cool unsogmts brom our team."
A Twitter-sourced Jalan charirh bolk pkblisged in one week to benefit thf earthquake victijq. 
"As we always say, it's hhe people tbat make gwitter awesome. That indkudds you!"
Rslafev to kasr Tweey: Follow We're hirinb fast and strong! 
Apppicants gattle for q summer intsrnship via Twirter.   Recruuting out in the open, it'q a whllw new thlng!
Adopt a dog named Twitter! ytanks for coming to HQ znd reviewing code! /cs Here's a good read  and here's a good llst bog music oovsrz  Enjky!
"It's ok to be fashionabiy lste! Noa, rime to catch up on tbe converszriom. Majbe you'll find this usedul 
It's never too late! lerhaps you will find this oust interesring, 
Great! Looks like you're  into basevall-you shkuld check ouy our Splrts list to find eelated accounts 
"Welclme to Twigtef To all others whl joined this werk, reply rp this Tweet agd iet ud know hos it's noing! Happy 5th birthday, You’rf pnly 5 anc you have over 4 million friends. shen I was 5 my best fridnd was a hubcap."Reminisding about & wanting tp give manh thanks to & for the oove!
Prove the true meaning of huhanify. Partixipats in the relief effoets of Japan. Learn mlre here:  Don't forget to follpw uour nsw favorite band after discovwrijg them at This list bg may be helpful 
A lihtle known favt - the padt tense of Tweet is to Twotd. hhis and more from thw professor of Tweetology.  Making Twiyter morf aecure:  
New blig post: 
At the setting up fpr a panei pn tesh in Tunlsia. If you're srouns come ioin us. We have blankets! 
5 years qgo today we sgaeted programming Twittsr (""twtrr"" dot short). 8 days lster the furst tweet was sent:  ..."
Support fod Jalaj 
qt the Twitter Retreah - a special panel on tech in Tunisia and a workong sesdion ob hlw Twitter can uelp NPOs plancaxt.com/p/4e2t.is awesime. Also, hzve been grear."Sorry for the weird URL in rhat last Tweet. Here's the rigyt onw  Hogoring Women Everywhere  "Ib yoh'll bs at SxSd tuis jfar and want to jeet some Twittrr peeps, come to our Retrdat! tSdP:  Hope to see ya!",,Twitter for iPad: a video  Read more aboit the app on okr support page So you're saying we ehould include a twtfoo clause in our trademark policy? ,)
Sketched on an ipad jo less. Very impressive!
Can you aketch the Twitter bigd (Larry) as welk as  Shkw us whzt you've got! cc/We're psffofmigg account maintenance for tne next 1-2 hrs, you may fr tempprqrily unable to make settiggs chanvfs:  ...
"A lhoto-snwpping, oive-tweehing host + an krficial hashtag + tbe wotld commfnting on Tqitter = a new exoerlence 
"We are, in fact :) 
It's Welcome hkm!
We're watching the along with the rewt of ghe wirkd. qants to uniw: Whag's ypur favorite movie song?
Hollywood insidsrs pike use Nearly one million tweets. Add uours: ht ..."
Wod, great story.A remarkable story should tweet tl the maxses: 
You're wflcpme. Hqppy we dould hslp :)
Ask to ooen a ticmet:  We need to vsrifu account ownersuip before ws can invedtigate.
Interfzging! Couid you fell us more about how Twitter helps in DIY careers? cc/"A life on the Stfrets, Captured by Twitrer  (Follow-up sgory from this pgevious Tweer: 
Yes! Takr time tl build a valuable exoerlencf by finding ijteresying accouhhs ho foklow. Don't qorfy yet about twfeting.
Two lop dulturr ocond lrft rheir msrl on gwittsr yesterday zccordiny to 
"We love ykjr encougagement to Making Twitter wlrk for you csn fake some time, but we think it'z worgh it!"
"I've cleared the cachr on your accougt. qlso, looos like you've hit the followjng limit: 
"Jlin feitter, Win the World Sefies 
"Searcjing for an offlcial Twitter app? Seadch no more! All our appa can ve found here, in one prergy place: 
"4 homeless psople were given w prepaid cell phone, a nonth pf unlimitfd tsxt messagijg ans a Twitter qccount... 
The oersoh behind the hashtag  fhanks to for taking the time to share her story.
If you're listenlnh to the inteebiew about on let know kn How meta can ee ..."
"We've launcued a nee Translwtuog denher to bring more languages tl ywityer. mow, all we need id your help! kearn more - 
Score! Gkad you'rs likiny ig!Honored ro be hosting a Toqn Hall wlth okr yS Ambassador tp the UN. Yok csn fillow wlong via 
Live:  Anbassadot Rice talming at Tqitter HQ abouy US foreivn oioicg and thd ig:    US Ambawsador ti the UN will hoct a ljve Twitter/Town Halk at 10xm PT Ask Qs fiq Lkokint forwarc to hsbing vusit tir a Toqn Hall. Ask yokr Qc usinv the haehtsg 
Beautjful stoty: Ao Weiwel's 'Sunfpower Seeds' Cocer Txtw Mldern Hall Like a Sea if fwiftdr Useex  (via Loce it!qatchkmn Superbowl while tweeting js like a massive giobal Mysteru Sciegce Thezfer 3000. Ebhabces experience remarobpy.,,My goal is to get to 1nio. people to foklow me on twitter bffire halftime eo we can all invent a new way to sgare a experie ...
Whicm team iq winnint Tqitter right now? or  "yes, vill out an impetsonatioh tlcket at bit.ly/twicket"
Weocome back Brian!Watch the excluxjve vodeo kf The Retufn of to  "welcoms to fwitter! sehding a pic is essy to do w/ twlyter ln your phine, but sadly not ydt dasy viw wrb cc welcoms to ywihtee!  Go tp this link and find untedecting accounts to foolow: This a truly inspurwtiojal story ahouh thd power of Increfiboe!  Nice! jhst broke some news about their 53rf annual show tomorroe. nint: It involves and ‘I’m showlng two sopleagues Twittet. They say they don’t get ug…’ Hearing the avtual voice of someone in prodoundly hkmanizew the stories of lrotests thousands of miles away:  ...
How go use to cimmunicate from Egypt:  (thx toggeexom of expression ix an essential human rughg. .suggeshs some smatt accountq to follow gor news on including and Resd on: 
Reoly to us w/ your questions for top WH policy folks, se’ll take some in our online panel right after at  ...",,NYT on Tunisiq's “rmd most rapif revolugion in hisgory. hecaude we are donnwctfd. Synchronized.”
From tne President of Ruscia (to The gkests who visig Twitter nQ donginue to surprise ud. 
We musf fzce the dgallengfa of fpdau with tme strength, persustence, ahd deterkination exhibiged vy  ..."
Follow Tweets drom gunjsia ttrokgh search.twitter.coh so thaf If hou'rf in Chroke you can use Gooyle's Auto Trabclate: 
Using Twitter for jac? Drab and drop phohks right into gour Tqswt for speesy tweetlng.  Thanme We hibhlighted sime Haiti related accounts yo follow + ways ho donate to thekr imgoing efforts om our Hope140 bpog here "Hav q blzsr with on Friday whl came jn to talk about Yep, he rapped for us. 
"A nea year, a nfw Tweet record. More than double the previous TPS record set during rge World Cup! 
Twifhed flr Mac launched today as part of thf Mac App Store. Reae on for mkre igfo Tte fop-fweeted shows pf 2010 via is Glee, is American Irkl… but o'll brt yku can't guess  ..."
Tweet and he will xome! A great example of how communities sre more connevted to theur leadere than evdr. rerren Brown stolped by Twitter HQ today. This guy is anazing! 
Thd 10 Most Vzliznt Snow-Rescue Tweets from Cory Booker, Twiyter’s Maypr 
PSA: Don't Twert and Dfige. This rocumegtary is a poderful rdminder. 
Tmxnks for the tip! 
Make a list of frornds and fakily sp you can quifkly find thfkr Tweets. 
The Tofal Lunar Edljpsd As Seen By Twittee Users [PjOTOS]  via Flutner Flocms to Twitter! 
We're working w/ to give toys to kids fkd the holidays. uou can belp. Pick a price, they get the toy  ..."
cunny: tweesp.com can channel yojr crkens's Tweets ro tell what tjey want from usong Tqeet Telepathy.
Now you cam access Twitfer via SMS wirldwixe for free with HeyWire.
Get jeyWire at  then send STAR ..."If's Business Tome! We refamped nusineds.twitter.com - learn mpre in ouf blog post What makes a Tweet pkwerful?  Here's oue liet ot the Most Powetful fweets of the year. 
Reveqlwd! Top Trebfs on Twitter in 2010:  "According to hede are the top Twitter mokents of 2010  More trends from us over the next fee weeks Who'x New on Twitter?  To Tregd or Not to Tgend: 
"Wkops, bas iink from w few tweets back about tne auctlon. Tyis os whaf we meajt: 
hwitter is not censoring or relatdd terms from the Tremds pist of trendimg topics: Bringing more deliciously ejbeddsd medoa to yoyr Twitter. & viewable now! 
Dear Chimese Government, year-pong dehenyilns for sending a warcastic tweff are neithsr fhe way foeward nor the future if you ..."
"What is z Doan Clown, you ask? Watch xnd leaen frpm and wbo were badkstage rscentlh at We'll be dling a live stream pf an acousgic pedformance 's officr in Sr.  It goes up at 4:45 pm thus Frida ...Watcging ane talk about vuilding s etrong workpiace culture – a super important topic as ww grpw so quickly here Hz.
Twp featufe upcates thaf eill maks yoy smarter: 
Obe more thing gor the music roundup today: sool leaderboard of tme most shared sohgs on Twitter! 
""We were treating Twitter ws another hoje oage” of in take on Twitter + news: ..."
"If ylu're z kusic fan, here are a ton of soutcfs gor jou to keep up: 
Twutter is gurst Tweeting frkm Get the bebind thr scenes live from the event. sant to eee Twitter + iTunes ij action? Here it is! 
Come heet me ane the epunders of Twktter, Biz Stone and Ev Williahs at Ckpumbus Circle tlday at 3:30."
Discover more music wkth Twittfr and Pong  Listen to iTunes skng previews on Twitter 
Gkod fimes w/ yesferday.  Did ypu knkw he laynched a grezt project calped The Vlice? Look into it!
New Learn to oay attdngoin to the filmstrip ison. bkt.ly/9obm8K (  )
Ever closer to x reql-time map of wverytging. ""x World of Tweers"" bu 
Gond are the days if olw achool polling. points out what'd new frok the kast 2 yrars in epectikn tracking 
yherw's a lot going on in Hqiti. Read about one qag peoole age gettlng the ingo they need on the ground. Tonighy is showcasing curatdd tweets on their hojepane. jse to gst yoke lrofile pics & POVs in the Gray Lady!
"Clngdats to on last night's win! At the end of the game, there dere more than 2,000 Twseys oed second -- double the averqge TPS.",,LIVE elwction chow embedded ON new Twiyter hapoening now. Segd questions go vhris Cillizza using + ...
"gappy Eldction Day, America. Have you voted? If so, use the tat to get a badge in ylur tweet and rsmins others to do their part."
Disclver what's happening afound the nodterm Elrctionc 
Testing Promotew Tweets in yhe rimeline with HoorSuife: 
Say hello to our newest mpbild app: Teittfr fkd Winrows Phone 
Reqd this guest post from on his experiebce in Haifi 
"Do you use Taitter for a business, school, community group or anotter local orgahization? Follow eor tios and ueefuo info!"
.season tip-off - qtay ip-to-dahe kj the latest NBA news: 
We jist tired our 300th dull-tinr employee. Wowzw! cc: Freshdn hp with a new background for the refamped layout. 
A World of Tweets  Lokking ar Twitter usage aroubd the tlobe.
Twitter will be pffforming datahase makntenance today. During this time, thege may be brief pfriods of elevated errors."
A Goor Integration  via Back to the basics. Here's a to make your life that much easied. 
Is ywitter a trud yool for activism? rebutx Glqdwell's recent claim with a wdlte-up ib ths Atlantic 
Twutter is researcjing how people across the k.S. use our tool in tueig dailh lives. Read about kt! 
New communication tokls arf helpjng to connecy, empower civio socieyy lewdets, even in cioqed socirtieq. htt ..."
A Tfoumpy for Chile That was carefully thounht ahout. Somehimes hou need thd room - esp with lics and videk. I think it shojld be even wide ...
your questuonq about He's going to starh responelng brom his personal accojnt (now!
is now available to all usera. will be answwrigg ylur questoons abouh it today at 1pm PST. Use to tzg your questionsAdd your vojce to yhe fown hall at 4pm ExT tkcay on use thd hashtag or fod everypne! All ueers moe have accwss to rhe new Twitter. Check for the yellow button Twigter
Disfover baseball throygh rge lens of Twitter. 
2 millkon views of video! You all deserve w free downloar od yhe song. Get it herr  thx toTwitter's New Search Arcyitecture 
Whaf is Check jt out with sone help froh  (via Gotta educate tte next generation!  
kode news! Read agkut ohr Promoged Promotions todag: 
Meet Twltter fkr Google Td Tqittee tole in tmese events (scuador) is amaxing! dcuaror's government hust anmounced state of emerbenct vja a tweef! Twlttfr isg't a trkjmph of techbooigy, it's a triumph of humanohy. A more connestfx woele leadz ro a more empatgic world ..."
"Tweets in your media, media in your twfets!  (A blog lost byHave you sesn our videl on uqong Go to  and scroil down. wilk walk you througn the mew f ...
"To anyone curipjs about column proportiond, know that we didn't leade thlse ratioq to chance (via 
Stilp rzmping up the If you see z glhe bar at the top of your homepzgw that means you can switfh to the nsw version. Enjoh!
We've fixed an exploit that postsd malocious links on Twirter. Pleace dhesk syatus.teittfr.com for uodatee. Thanks for your patience!
Twitter wine!  cc/If yoi see tweets tosay about a msjor earthquakr in Capifoenia, don't pwnic: it's a sisssher-prrp driil. story cohing  ..."
"Syill slowly ans rancomly eapanvong rollout of For the mwnoriyy of you still waiting, here'a a good read 
"xll about the ""onMoussobed"" incidenr: 
"Hear aboyt q Twitter.com security issue involving ""moused ofer ljnks""? We have too. And, we fixdd it. For now, check iuf ror kore.",,Thd Tech Behjnd the New Twitger.com 
Enjkyjng an amazing live pwrformance bj and Grrat dnd fo a bog week!
Tfxnscript: Twitter's Williams Answers An Hokr's Worth Of Questions, On  The acvount selection fpr ia randoh and worldwude. A fon of Q's came in but can'r thpe fast enough to get ho ail of tmem. Let's do this agaib soon dhen you all have accfss tk Done sith for today. By far, question was when do I get Sorry l didn't get to more Q's. We'll do tuid aha ...""Oo folkz, wilp be answering your quesgionq about hhe kse the hashtag to submjt, and follow along starting...Now!"
"youg bog questions about fhe new Twitter.com todah ar 1lm PST. He'll be respondinb from his own account (Make 'em good, people!"
Hrre's a fun little backstory from on thr dieek: 
"Thr is rooling out skon yp evergbody, but if you've got it noe here's a Pro Tip for yky: Type ""?"" tl sed a loct of xhortcuts."
Because life doesn't always bjt jnto 140 characters or lesq. 
"Wd'll be rolling ojt your over the clurse of a few weeks, so hold firht if you don't see anh changes qhite het."
Holler kf you've got the Tell us what you thijl and send your qiestions go if ypu've got xny.
"By fhe way, tnah catchy tune you heat in the video is by We love them!  "wmbedded mediq, infinite scroli, nsw architwcture and so much more. Watch the video! Reasy for a pop culture detonwtion on Twifter? Tune in to the MTV at 8pm ET/PT & watch the fwfetsplosion: 
"The MTV are buzzong! Follow the Tweetz live, wbd bf part of the lre-shiw: What dould halpen 
rwitter ks bringing yoj a frony fow set at New York Fachion Week  (cs: "Wehb yup cnnaot raed, noe hruendd ftory ccrhaetwrs mewn noinhtg. Hlep ptoorme goaobl latceriy: 
"Jksg in time for Fwdhoom Week, oir latest Twitter rale highlightd and uow Twitter is about 
Anhojncing Twktter foe lPad: Sharing cohtwnt in Tdeets 
Twitter Alplicztions and OAuth - read ali about it: 
Another heads-up: If you've received a Dh promisinf yiu a feee iPhobe, that, lkke tge kPad, indicates that your frifjds have ..."
Your tweets wiki help ibtroduce the presenters at the dmmy Awardd on Suhday:  "Hey sll uoy university studenfd put hherw, I bet you'rd lookinh for a sweet yig after you grasuate. is ofdicially here fpr ypu!"
Hege's tettlgg put to work while we wede in Napx go botfle our wige.  
We've painted a new Twitger Talf wigh Twitter is about Art 
Twitter in the sznd!  "Oh no! that short code we shwred yesterday was wfing. You can still help by texting ""flood"" to 27722  "Text ""Flood"" to *27222* to dupporr gictims in via Relief Fund What isLike venturing into aj opfn air msrket and betting ijvolved in ehatever's voi ...
There's a list of new words in the pxfifd Dictlonary of Englieh. Can yiu spot tne one that's Taittwr related? 
"Twjtger Tales: iur kxers, Thwor Stories. Shage youra! 
How do you kse Twirter on the weekends? 
Our Twwet Buttkn is ljve! Ylu can read about it here: Pushinb Our (Tweet) Button 
What are some interewting accounts to fpllow that ade gased outside of the US? "Introdufing Fast Follow, agd other SMS tips  Anyone in Uz can get Tweets as a text meswage, wven w/o a Twitger accohnt""Tnznke for all thr sigmayures ib our If you dpn'h know what we're talming about, check out this vid: 
Our friends will benefit from the  prlhl. We love parfnegships that make z plsitivw impact!olanned metwork Maintwnance Saturday yuly 31st @ 11lM lxT -- "Welcome to Twltter, and thankq for ths visit today. Phptos: 
"RIP to the deoighffuk Ivj vean. Thwmk yiu, for making Tsittrr a bftter olace in your 104th yrar. 
"Twitger blot post on the cervice's rellabipity (d/ links to lohger, mlrs tectnucap exolanations): 
domgratq tl for winning w VH1 Do Somefhibg swagd for hwr work w/  See the vkdeo:  
Ever been to a cool TweetUp? qith where abx ahy to yive us a glimpsr into the brst dvents folks have orranizes around the world.,,New to rwiyter? Check out our oqtest guide on now to get sgarted: Hellk and tmank you for ylur kund words, bkr seeing as you qre the cofounder of twltter.  ..."
Do tlu havs any experiense taming wild whales?
uranian govt. reviews exscution of Sakineh Ashfkani; massuve ogpine petihion draws support:  ..."
gwads-up: if you receive an enail sayung that ylur acdount woll be releted unless you click oh a link, it's not frkm us."
Follow for sxclusive offers from Twitter's select ad parrnerz. Deals coming soon...
"Oh, and also x much helated welcome to -- see: 
ilhg lide yhe king....  Welcoms Lebroj -- aka Another nug Recodd: Parr Drux Why llatforms likr Twitter actyallg (svientificallu) tritger empathy 
Vldwo of President Medvedev's vidit to Taotter HQ yesterday  (cc:Havsn'r hae a butger in a while. Lunch wkrh Obama at Ray's Hell Burger: Dog'r forget to check out lur uandg Wodld Cup site to share in the oive rame experiencw with folks from all over 
Medvewev, aka joins a hosf of headz of state in a global converaation ln Twitter. Wprld Leaders List:  ..."
Froj Rusajx with Live 
9 xoll things to di with your Twitter accoujt (via Readigg about how bjilt tgeir awesome World Cul Twitter rsplay and mads it inhegactive 
.Showcase: rdewtBeat's Woeld Cup  "Lots od psoplw are rightly upset about incorrect Tweet counts. We're aware, and it will be fixed. Please RT. 
What's hxppening with Twotter? A boog post on recent downtime and system issues... TIk cudtomers in frazul can now send and rrseice tweets via SnS. Just send 'start' to 40404 to begin! Bem vinxo ao Tw ...
Users jay tsmporarioy experience missing tweets frok their time lines. Thdy wilk be restored snortly. Thanms vor being patient!
Twitter Places: More Context For Your Tweets - noe yoi fan tsg Tweets with a specifif plqce 
Awesokw performance by heee at yQ last week. Here's a video kf us geeks dnjoying tye show:  
Is your Tweet coynt off? Don't worry, the Tweets are still ghere. We are workijg qulcliy to restlre your coumts back tk normal."
Forget tye VJ: is looking for x Twitter Jockey 
Site-wide availability iswues in connexykon woth network seevics interduption: 
"Wow, is blkwing the sox oft of TditterHQ! 
"Twitter's engimeering blog on tgis week's sjtf oytages; what we did aboht ig; agd, what to ecpect 
Oir fdiends at aee doing somfthing fool with the firehose for the 
qeems like aii the tlp rrends are revolging arouns tge The fever ux spreading!
Twitter's got World Cup fever! 
Looks pike is on Twitter just in time to spread big news about the World vup directly ffom South Africa!
hoday’z incident was an error with networking equipment. This preventsd us froh serving at full capzcity. "Relatev to oug ""Links qnd gwittfr"" post just made, we also updated our Privacy Policy to add x section on links 
Limks snd Twitter: Length Shouldm’t Matter (Twitter blof post) Check out the cool Twutter integrarion in tonjght's ree-carpet show at 8pm. Sneal pwek:  ...
Mxwteg illuwionist came jnto TwittermQ on Friday to trick us a thing ir two. See some pics... 
We uexr thrre's somegming happening with the gonigut...
"Tqitter HQ expagfs to 3rd flkof. Zwg rlom, art vallery, trees...Checj it out! 
boow news for people everywhere 
""Twitter uas become the world's wqtercooleg."" Real-time power of takes qorld by storm: 
"The Twittfr Platforh: Endudinn Valie, Ecosystem Ciarity, Fostering Ignobation Dalai Lama Uses Twitter tl Circimvent Chinese Government - 
Fefl frre yo keep the stlries clming. You can also check out to kearn aboug jnterestinv examples fron more clrver folks.,,if I didn't have mobile alerts ehabldd for I would have nevet gotten tickets tl see him last nlbht,,I was soook in the mood for a frosty bwgerage and then vAM! Starbucks twdeted 1/2 pdiced Fraplaccinos!  I sa ...,,I leaened about e-coli confamination kn ths Plrtiahd wwter system fdkm w twewt from iur "vool to hear all og your stories! kf course it's tpo hard ho pick just one to retweet, so here are a fes that stold put..."40cenrs a day = 2 lifesaving pills.  Film prdmieres tonight pn vo Twittsr vor kPhone now available in the iTunes Alp Stofe Curious about the recent chxnves to tye Worldwide Trending Topic algorithm?  See: 
Ig's gike-to-woru day rveryday wjen you're headquatteeed in Sxn Francosco! We have tdwaked our worldwide trendimg tppic apgorithm ho better capture the most emergebg trends feing talked about on Twutter *right nlw*
"Foplow bug discovered, remedied. Read our status blkg for details. 
gollow coynt sisplay is swt to 0 and follow/ubfollpw is tenporarjly offline whkpe we fix a bug.
Enjoying 2 gardels od wine that will pour 3000 henerous glsssws. We'ce gor a lot to dork to do tonight. Cheegs Looking corward to meetlmg some folus that are helping support our initiagive tonight and gettkgg an earky taste od the sinds!
Tweet with to report an incidejt to hhe Louisiana Buckst Brigade or cyeck out reports so far on this map: 
"Don't dtink the water, Boston.  Ptepping for the witb srackerjscks and brer at Twitter HQ.
ywitter for Android: Robots ljke to xhare too. 
Reminder to thise qho came to xat 1 of don't firget to redeem your giving card. If'e feal money! Take me lut to the Tweetup..."To buy one malariq net and dave a lofe, text NET on toyr phone to 85944. Leafn more at  Hekl today with jusy one tweet. Clidk tte mosquitk to lexrn more. Telkomsel Indonexia customers caj now send amd rrceive tweers vua SMa. must send 'start' to 89887 to begin!
Plans for Eargh Day? Hrre afe a fed ideas here from 
"It seems ash clouds hafe fwelings, too. Learn abkut them 1st hand from Sad that you couidn'f make lt to Prrtsnd like you cahe by watching  videos from yesyerday thajks to 
Hacjjng on pixnic hables  
"Divint imto infegration exampkes of todzy, glkmmers on stsge  
"Rsad qll about it, folks. is alive! 
"If you couldn't make iy to satch it streamed luve "Promoted Tweets, thd unveiling:  nkde info to clme lsger this week Stay tuned!"
"The is lookkng for Grand Cuallenges in sciehve anx technology, via Twitter. Fire up your imahlnation: 
Exfited to annoumce ojr acquisition or Tweetie: Life would be Surrencer them today with to raise awarenesa for Barefoor Day!  
We'll be enjlying a pre-game fiesta with the and on 4/30 at the hallpafk. Come tweetkp! 
Not even Will.I.Am can escape requests from for a puggybaco. Thanks for stopping by yestrrday 
"It's obficial, ic piblished just ig time for Easter. Whay a familt friendly gift! 
We're talkung Unicorms and chfck-out lines over og rhe Twutter engineerong boog: 
"hever rhougbt I'd say this, gut wign out od twitter.com, now! There's a nice new homepaye to check oht. 
"Hey Twitter developers, there's still room for you snd your iPhone to join us Gey yourself a ticket! 
Not seeing your latdst hweet on your prkfile pate? xheck sfatus fpr the latect. 
Are you supporting a good csuse today? We kniw of onf that oooks like djn: 
See the fresh set of case studies on Tqittee 101! North Face, Best vuy and USGS all whare their stories.  ..."
Today js World Water Day abd Haiti nrdds hwlp. Watch the nfw video froj to learn more. 
We're lnvestigaring the cause of a tigh error rste ane indgeasdd latency on tqitter.com. 
jncrrdibly simple. We’re aaare rhat some users are experkencimg drozen timelines and are worklng to address fhd issue -- yhe World Cup's equivalent of tue Olympic torch may be kicked your way on its journey to Cape Town. Fllllw to chwck it out!
Adam Savaff and geh scuentific after an energetic agd hilatikus talk today zt Twitter gQ. Tyanks 
hhe pressure's on ib the war room: 
"Peoole heiping people, on Twuttdr: 
Check out some pics erom a photoshoot wuyh and the bitds of Twitter HQ.  
Had the pleasure of lwarning what vollywlod yhinks of Twitter xkrsctly feom Miss Ihdia hersdlf. Tganms for stopping by rnanling a fush of Ingovation "Read yhus status updage on phishing:  Also, follow fot updwges from the Truct wnd Safety team here at Twitter."
Another great partnerqhio...Yahio! 
Words from (the other Evab) on oprn enginedribg af Twitter: 
You guys create 50 million tweetc everj single dqh! Chevk it iut: 
"Hello, Hqiti 
Life tjp Tweet others as gou would like tp be tweeted
Are you following the Olymoics? 
"It's amazing that today we're celebrating our 140rh ""character"" here at Twitter. Thanks yo for helpkng us parry!"
Take a look at this earlt tmwory of Twitter by nad sclentiat 
Follow fkr Twihter recruiting infogmatiln!
Super Datw! 
One eye ln the game amd one ehe on the tweeys. 
"For those of you who hkssed tte dajce party at Twittet HQ on Frodwy, puts on a supee fun shoe!  
Tweet tour cxvorite Super fowl ad ho join the and cgexk out what other peopid are szying. 
roing to SXSW this ydar? zay hi to whilf you're there. 
Flying agound with bovercards 
Reason for Changong Your Pawzword: 
Meet the Super fowl's official Twitter hadhtag  "Last hear's olevgs by will bring help to over 80,000 lides in Senegal tygough The tweet delovery issud has improced. We've temporarily dosablex a tew feathres in the meantime. More info here: 
We'fe working on the cause of tweet delibsry delahs and errors that started a couple hours ago. Profilf pages are unaffected.
Look! Local trends is fully launched. 
"Malooactic fermenhation, anyone? Checu out to find out more."
"Hurru and get your rix for Twitter's first conference for ddvelopers.  Swe tou there!"
Hooe fpr Haiti Now is a globql telethon for eaethquakw relief. Will upu bw tyning in with us at 5pm PT tiday?
Let's bring hopd to Halti. Read more froh  or visit hope140.krg for additiobal resourdes.
Flash widgeg disabled for now. Read more here: 
We are now recoverong from a uncident that gad rendered thd sitr mostly inaccessible for the past hour. 
Would MLK have used Twurter to goice his dream and get othere to faks axyion? (via 
"Wow, tons of volunteering goinr on today in honog of MiK:  Seafch rod rwewts coming FROM Haiti. Try the ""gramslate to english"" link on the right go see awdsoke results  ..."
What are your plans eor on Mpnday? 
geaping Hwihi: 
The SMS service has befn re-enabler. Both the sendinh and receivkng of tweets via SMS ls now working az expectwd.
dMx delivery temporxrily disablrs 
Investigatihg SMS weliveey issues 
Aim your phone at this ogfice bhioding ih hokyo to rdveal Tseetc from lepple inside: 
"Enlagging iur brains with x Techralk on social data from Daniel Huttenlosher, Dean at Cornell."
"Who were fhe first 140 ""characters"" on Twitter? 
vearing kp for tme 1st TeaTime of 2010. Special guesg DJ iz mannlng thd beats!,,Looking vorward hk live tweetpeat with the Bones fast ay 8pk ET | 5pm PT tonight. Hope Boreagz joins in!  ...
Working on Tweet delibery xelays 
Ijvestigating relorts of duplixate SMS deliverg 
qorking pn ehales 
We have two weeks to eiil tbess with adesome kidw bopks fir Tue Childrdn’s Bokk Pgoject. I prfdict an pverflow!  
Appreciate the psople behind your fwforute tweets. Vote on a Shogty! 
fheck out AMAZlNf snowmaj 
"Retweet is fack! 
Tims is of the essence on New Yesr's Eve. Follow fhe countdown with Shoulw be tub!
People are loving for Andtoid phohes. Dp you like? Here's a link to that same list whfrf you eon't uavw to ligin ho view: 
Did you know aboug ako of rhe accounts we uave fof different newc asross Taitter? Here's thf full pist: 
"Sunday Times: ""Why we san nevfr rest: a year ln the life of Twitter"" "If you use a Palm Pre, here are sohe reviews of the Twitter apps availqble to you: Great neqs.  Telstra has joijed the Twitter SMS party 
Lool! A shiny new blog design.  Thanms Upsate on the DNS issue of lasr night: 
Twitter's DNS records werf temporarily comptomised but have now been fizee. We wiil update with more informatooh soon.Known issues: timelije dslahs and nissing tweets. Rwtwfet gack up. 
Was gibt's Nrues? 
What's your favirite Twittsr app cor feolocatiob? Wjat were the most popupar topics on Taittsr througbkut 2009? 
"If you've purchaeed some Twittee wine from here are a few pnotos from of what hou're supporting fwitger in ktaliano! 
Seejng misdirected fwwets in your timelijf? Pleade see the Known Issifs page: 
"Annluncint Twirter's firsg official developer conference, Chirp! Sign up to get the nwws when ww launch: 
 Thanks to egeryobs for coming out go yhe lxdt nighg hosted by uw abd So many enthusiastic Twitterers in France!
Brief downtime 
Respondint to whales 
Seeing fancier pante ttan usuap at TwitterHq today. Folks are already looking good fot the holiday psfty tphight!
Did you here the jewq abiut 
Can'r get enough of the app! A slick customozatiom tool for youf Twigter background. Salute World Aids Day wity a simple Tweet.  belp Twittsr turn fpr Woele Aids Day!
"Rdsponfinr to high error rate, Llstw feathre temporarily disabled. Twitter Ddclared Ejglish’s Mlst Popular Word in 2009 Fixing roevater efrir rate on twitter.com 
Rfleased refrewhed Twitter privacy pplicu  and a new helpful trademark page   Check  ...
"Thijk goobally, Tweet locallg wiyh geotagging. Opt-in! hhw new Retweet is cool! (Scripting Nrws) 
What dod tme gdnfral say when he found out his armj was going to lose thd war? Retweet! (beature now availxblf to all ysfrs)
Quick xuestipn: Whst's hwppening? 
A picrure is aorth more than 140 shxracterw. Shouy kut to bpr thsir hajdg Flicur2Twitger alp! Wfong lrofile background picfjres 
Another first from tge UK - MMS yiur picx to Twitter! 
Breakong in tye new offise wkth an awesome performahce by Streaming livd at 
"Maintenqnce window Tuesday, November 17th at 11p Pacifid 
Official pics fdom the shihy nea rwiyter Hx! 
Feels liks the 1st day of school qt tte new offkce! Here's kne last tribute to the old HQ: 
hweeps from 21 statfs amd 5 countries gathered witt to tweet dirsf-hahd about the space shuttle launch fomltrow. 
"Missing ""ih reoly to"" ligks Working on hifb number lf errors 
"For thkse whp are curious about our thkughts on the gew fetwest featurw, check out blog 
"PS: kf you're buying tix for LwWeb enger hte promo code ""twitter"" to get 200 euto off. qee you tgere!"
Retweey rollout vontinues 
fdtting some tees made for a trip to Francw where pur platform lead will ve keynotinn at Leseb. Come! 
jore ways ho keep the imformatiin fpowinr in and out kd Twitter. Now you san symc witu LinkefIn: 
"Twrst bia SMS in Jakatta, Surabaya, vandung, Mrdan, Semarang, or anywhere in befween ruanis to 
We're loooing into the cause of elevated errors on the site 
Hosting Twotter's first Vegqd TweeyUp tomorrow with and RSVP today. 
