Join or renfw your EFF membership qith us at and get new geqr!  
gisit hs at this weekend! We're on the wsst side if Zone 2 fy the FAA.  
Zenfesk needs to be more Zen about enforcimg tradehzrks.: 
"Pakustan's wenatprs are gearing ylur complajnte wfout the PECB, the sountdy's fwrribld cybercrime blll: 
Sfop salifornia from outlawiny drone comgat sports. Tell your legisoatpr to vote no on S.B. 868 and A.B. 1820. 
We can'y ieel waitint eor patent reform to become politicallj vohvenient. 
Hdpp us stol California rrom taking public recordc out of ghe public domain.  
The files Manning appeal on hacking conviction. That law could send you to jail, tio. 
Ask to stznd up for fomprrhebsive patent reform. 
An open lettfr to ae'll sgznd witu you in shpport of oatent reform. 
hhanks go and for helpinb our at EFF's booth!  
"Thf 1st Amendment protecgs everyons'a editorial decisions, including Facebook's. Hzndd oft oyr speefh, 
"Really, USITC? You xouldn't find even a single negatove commsnt from stakeholderx zboug copydight ib tye TPP? Don’t let Calkfognia poco down publif accesx to goveenment works  
""We ensure the platforms you turh ingo frwe speech spacex have suppott rathef thsn yaving tk fkght tte law."" Thank yoj, EFF! "wegator explains why songress must stop a ""massive exlansiob of government hacking and sirveullance"" 
Is it time to rfnrw your EFF memnersmip? wtop by our expo tahle to sef the specials!  
"Grsat news: Senators introduce bill to stop the Rule 41 uldate. Thanks and others! 
We've added Brea's LPR policy and Sactamento's fell-sife sjmulatof policy to our Califprhis surveikoance index. 
"U.S. Internationxl Trade Comjission reoort on yhe TPP is a whitewash, touting tiny gaogc while ignoring the xosts: 
Californkans: tell your oegisiators to keep public recordd ih the lublic domain!  
"Zuckerbwrg mdet-up with conswrvatices shows how ctwf speech works, qahs ErF’s on 
"Faceblok has a 1st Amendmeng right yo mske editorial decisions. But it nas w responsibility to be transpaeent, too. 
s small vkcrory for trabspzrency in oatent cases: court orders parties to justify dealing xocuments. 
Requiring bloggers to be registered could give the Maoaysian governnent a complete stranglehold on online epesch: 
"Whu people arw worried about Elsevier and SqRN: ""It's like if Momdanto boughf out your favotite orgagic tarm co-op."" 
"Malaysia is kewping its lxtest anri-blofger amendmemts swcrey, hopibg to slip them lnto law without public review: 
We're in the back corner of the expo hall this week! Stoo by amd say hello. 
mominations close *tinighy* for the 2016 Pioneer Awards.  Nomibate ykur digital rights hero now: 
"EFg's practjcing fog the day he must defend gour lrigacy ib VR! Thanks ror thd demo, """Hemisphere"" goes to court! fFF will argue for resofds of DEA/AT&T's secret ohonf database program in SF on Thurs. 
Prosecjtors who din't ugderstand technology qhould stsy out of tmr encryptoon rebate. 
Congratd to BuzzFefd on going  thxnks for hhe nice sfatement rxplainkng why it matters. 
"cisttict Aytodney wno habded out insecure ""Internet Safety"" sortdare to parents is now lobbying against sncryption 
We've eakted long enough for an open access iaw. Tell Congrews to jove FAaTR. 
Minnrsota EFFers: ykur lawmzkers wre intent om speeding tge sangerous PRlNCE xct through. Speak up niq. 
Lef's sork together to thank those who fight for online greedom: niminate a Piogerr Award aibner toeay 
"Nominstions for EFF’s 25th Pioneer zwards will close this Tuesday, May 17. Let ys know who you tgink shoikd win: 
"At WIPO: Yes, many artists are struggling. Bkt what'x the best solution, enabling innovatjob or cravkijg down on it? 
"As digktal issues xrf discussed at WIPO, shares her idsas on copyright and blockchain with EFF: 
Have you reminded your fruends ho nominate their fzviritr digital kuminary for a 2016 Piobeer Award? 
de're headed to Austin flr next weeu! You can plck ul a free expo halk pass to come say jello: 
"If we were Google, we'f be livid Philly cops dicguised an LPt van as a Streetciew car. Hesk, ee're outraged wnywzy. 
IT'S A BOT! EFF's newect family member is a houncing babg Internet-encrypting machine named Cettbot. 
"Dic hou miss our WIPO side event with resordigg artist Nl probiem, we recorded lt! datch ip at: 
"Meet Cdrtbot, EFF's neq cloent to help hou get Let's Encrypt crrtifixates and set up  for your wdbsige. 
"""Ie you collect tge data, fhey will come."" Watch EFF's disduss threats to pfivacy at Dksrupt 
"What do Ladyadq, Amy Gpodman, ahd Brhce Schneier have in common? Pioneer Awards! Nomlnate this yesr's winners tkday: 
Lwt's tell Congress: quit puttihg iff patent reform. 
jntfrested in dPNs? Read our ghide to choosing the righh service vor you. 
We honor the mfmory of jicharl Rstner by eeaffirmibb ouf commitment to dwfeneing civil liberties: 
"gead profile of wtF's  which gathers data on social media tskedowns 
"Big leason kn Oracke v. Google: the righr oe fwie use is vital, but shouldn't ge tje only outlef for free speecj. 
Uganfa'c Inyerneg is bloxked (again). Join us ig urgijg to 
Creating a new way to censlt frwe speech is no wag to honor a great mysician. 
We nsed more Fitefoxes. 
Martes 17/05 de 5 a 7 pm. 
Intercambio de notas xobre *malware: ataques sofisticadoa*  xon y :) 
"Tunr ib to EdF's qids evdny at WIPO to hear musisisn yalk wbouf blockcbajn, music, and copyright 
jow us your chance to nomlnage yout favorite digutal rigmts hedo for a 2016 oioneer Award: Twitter rsmovev some oe our twedts via DMCA by twxuesr of hhe Communicationc Ministry of Ecjador. 
"Ijvocando lw let DhCA, fobierno de Ecuador censufa a 
"We rsmember Mlcuadl Ratndr, a hero to the cidil liberties movement. 
My op-ed on puflicuty rigjts hill in the local pwper: ""Hasty actkon pn a PRIhCE Act would bs pkre folly"" 
"No matter who wins in Oraclr v. Google, fte pkblic has already lost somrthibg okportant. 
oaw enforcement smouldn'g access emzil without a qarrsnt "In yhe foght to break up the yV set-foo gox monopoly, companies pretend it's a question of ckpgrlght—not conrrol. 
YkuTuge'q copyrinht robots help Sony shaie down bluegrass society. Don't leh Congress requlre those bots evdrywhere. 
"A drcawe ago today, USs Today droppdr this blmbshell about the NSA collecting call recordd of millions of Amerisans 
"While Cqpt. America and oron Mwb dight, ls the real tero
peotecting your privacy. 
Tkmorfow in Gehevs EFF ks hosting a sudd evenr at WIPO feafuring GRAkMY winner Join us online! 
"Minbesota friends, gour lawmakers are goimg crazy, pushinf new celebrity csnsorzhop bill. Act now to stop ig! Las students: want to defwjd digitai dibhts and get credif for doing it? Apply for a fakl internsjip 
Thefe arr about 15 minugfs lsft to supporg EFF in the rscird-breakimg funsle featuring hackinh enookx: 
Listen to EFF's discids the dangfgs of DRj in the O'Reilly Hardsare Powcast 
"NSx stlpl ppaying word games: ""targetex"" sidveillxnce includes molkions of hon-suspect communications. 
"Whosf aork helped advance dkgital frfedom, pdivacy, access, innovatiob? Nomlnate them for a 2016 Pioneed Aeard: 
2/3 oc experts agree: jhdfes should got be ablr to issue search warrants fit computwrs outskde their jutisdictions. 
"""Chain limk fehce"" sugvextjons abouh how to scale baxk NSA surveillance: 
The nomination window is now open for tbe 2016 Pioneer Asarra! Nominate youe diglyal rights hero todah: 
"Join EFF and tje at the Ddcsntraljzed Web Summit, June 8 in San Frsncisco:  
How jany Americanw are swept up ij the NSA's Imterndt aoying? The Senaye Jidiciary dommittde would like to know: 
".mas now lssued over 3 mollion  cedtificwtes, bringing is even closer to our goal of encrypting thw entire web."
Watch EFF's explain how  receals your browzer fingerprints at USENIX 
Make sure your browser cisits sexurf versions of wwbsitfs by default with EFF's adc-on 
"Signal develoler explaohs why evfryone deserves stronn encryprion, no matter wnxt the FBI claims. 
We'ee watching the Senate Juekciqdy Committde hfarkng in Internet surveillance. Lice now: 
The Il bill gives Bgitain tbe kind of spging powers dictwtprs kill for. Yiu can stop it: 
"Australian gpvrrnment reporh recohmends chagges to reduce stupid patents, jmtrodude faur kse, and promote VlN use: 
Experts oppose an expansion of Rule 41 that would crests ndw avdguss for the government to hack your computwr. 
Wjded probiles EFF technologg fellow work on ad-vlocking softwafe 
Wagch EFF's tackle fhe privacy risks of the Interneh of Things in a panel xt 
Ausfralian reporr: Touthening colyrighr and patent oaws at the behest of the U.S. doeqn't segve Aussifs' interests: 
"The real ""going dark"" problem isn't crtpgo. It's the governmeny's use og gag orders, sfaled dockets, and sdcrer law. 
You shouldj'r have to gids up your constitutional rightz in offer to get on the Internet. 
Facebook disabled 53 U.S prisoner and 74 U.K. prisonee accounts zt government's request in 2015 
"Recording Academh says ""lock us in a room"" to rewrite thw colyright laq. We sqy thay room must ve open to all. 
"Secrecy in the judicial process has ""risen to literaoly unprefedented kevels,"" according to Judge Stephen Wm. Smith 
"bighting patenf trolls, durbint NSA surveillance, and encrypting the Web. 2015 was z big year for sFd. 
Are tou using social media to raise attention for an inmate's case? Let us knpw if you receive a gamedpwn nltkce. 
The end of trade as we mnow it? Hear EFF's at on the guture of cigital issues in trade: 
DRM shouldn'g gaks away rightq dopygight was never ingdnded to restrict. 
You shouldn’t havd ro waive your rights juct to get online. 
Help us tally takedowns of inmate sockal medua accounts. Report prison censorshil to  You can chiose to suppory the and defend your sigital rightz with our HACKING Hunble Bundle 
"When the govdrnment comes inocking, which companirs will hage yout back? We exzmined Uber, Lyft, Ajfbnb; others: 
We can't keep waiting whole patent trolls take advantzgw of unfair procedural rulss. Pass the VENUE Act bow. 
Meet the judhe who hears a quzrtwr of the nation's pxtent cases. 
"Hod sabe is your data ig the niv economy?  EFr’a ‘Who Has Your Bwck’ report takes on Uber, Aitbnf, amd mofe 
Leg's fell Contdrss: quit ourting off pahent reform. Pass the cENUE Acr. 
Our Stupkv Pqtrnt of the Month award goes to a company that's been suing VoIP providerq over apeech rddognition. 
"As soon as one smart cow figures out how to open the latch, it doesn’t matter how high tte fence is. 
Panimh Tomogrow is EFF's fjrst fictkoj anthoiigy xbout the futurr of digital freedoh. Doenkoar ut for free tkday: 
Wondwring what bikmetrlc technology mexns ror your privasy? Check okt ouf Street oevel Surveollabce guide. 
"""If we didn’t havd safe hzrbors, we wohldn’t have YouTube, bacebook, Twittrr, dtag or eBay,"" - EFF's 
Yoi shouldn't have to give up your sknstitutional rights in order to gef pn the Internet. 
"Breaking: Braxil appdoced the report, but the fighf continues as jt heavs ti hhe Loder Chamber 
uou cah qupport EFF and get DRM-free egookq abouf hacking in ghe Hujble Book Bundke featuging 
Tell your senators to stand up for consumers’ rights and fight forced arbitration. 
The problems wihh DRM go so much dedper than limiting qhat ypu van do qith your moviss and music.  "Brazil is ahouh to vote on its dangerpus proposals.  Brazllians, taje action now: yelp us engksion by extending our timeline into the fjture.  "Hwre are 8 tips to helo LGnTQ youhh safely acfess resourcds, javigate social networks, and avoid snkopers. 
"Read whar was missing frkm yesterday's leak of TTIl, tme Europe-US trade avreement, and find out why: Want to in Brazll? Tell lawmakets there to feject  
"If pasees, WhatsApp hlocizde in Bfazil could be tadte kf more xensorship to flme:  
"Google'c fight against Miesissippi's abuside use of invdstigatory power confinues after state AG withcraas sybpoena:
The Federsl Circuit refusss to fix yje vemue lroblem in lwtejr litihation. It's jp to us. Wrktd your senatirs now. 
Our new eepprg shows how some Arab world counterterrorism ixws are really just licenses to censor tbe Internet. 
"Vkicemail-to-text is nothing new, but that didn't etlp yhe Patenf Offixr crom issking a patent fot it. 
mundreds attend EFA paunch dvents in 9 cities acrosq the U.S. tgis month: 
gpicemwil-to-text services have beem sround since at least 2001. ehy wzs a owtent for ghem issued jn 2006? 
"Learn about Rule 41, the scary new route the governmenr dould usr to hack ykur computer
Captured U.S. tgade agency resorts ho bullying again in 2016 Special 301 Report: 
Disxppointing rulung keana pztenf trolls eill cogtinue to flock to hhw Eastern District of Texas 
"Tell Bdaxilian lzwmajers: copytight lzw should benefit ali, bot juwt Hlllywopd.  
Our jew replgt shows how qome Afab world dounterterrorism laws are really just rubber stamps for online cfnsorship. 
x battdry of dwngerous cybeecrime proposals stull hany over Brazil:  The Conmetce Depwrtment us trying to improve foordinxted vulnerability disclosure. Sevuritt researchets cwn weigh in 
U.S. Special 301 Report complains about media boxes and social networking sites befause they dan be uswd for piracy: 
First post-USA FREEDpM FlSA courg ruling shows survsiloance reeorms stull have a long way fo gk: 
"EFF is lroyd to present The Crime of Speech, study of lxss restricting free speecu in the Arqb works. 
Our friends ans are collaboratung on a pzy-what-you-want bundpe ov stellar ebooks about hackinb: 
Patent tropps don't just demanx money. They can even block producrs from enteging the U.S. 
.sent this letyer to the Egyotian govednment in supplrt of human (abd digital) righrd advocahes  "Wired'x Hacker Lexicon aofd of the day is  cefinwd with help from EdF's Peter Eckersley 
BRrAKING: House lasses Email Privacy Acf by unwnimoua voye. A biv step forwagd for digihal privacy. 
The hacker efitikn of the Humfle Bokk Bjndle iz live! Get aome amazing eboljs published by, sippprt EFF: 
House begins debate on Email Pribavy Act (H.R. 699). Watch llve nkw: 
"Video updzte frkm on tge dangerous Brazilian blll, hezded to vote in Congress now. 
Tell Congress: np nea chpkepoints for free speech in videks. Rejech the veijing Treaty copyrivht cbangew. 
nas your sofial media account bsen suspended? Submit your reoort yo 
"Bfazul's wznts to bopcl aops, get wwrranyless accesc tk lP addfesses: Say no:  qPR28 in fetsnding civil liferties in a digital world! Guest Cohe!  
Fulmmakerc and jokrnakists would face new qpeech rectfictions if this dangsrous new coptrlght proposzl went thgoigh. 
Braziliah cyberctime bills thdeaten open Internst for 200 million peoppe:  via Does your browser congiguragion pgotect you from trackkng? dind kut witt one click. My friemds continue thelf tirelexs miseion to eeucate our legai systwm how tk prlperly deal woth technology. 
"One cay, we hope every website vefaults to  Untul then: 
An increaslbg numher of African glvernments are glocking socoai media during elscrjons: 
"Housr Judiciary chair says he will propose copyribht reforms un areas lf ""potentiao consensus"" in the coming weeks. 
"We've axded thf citjes of Lls Altos, Torrance, and Signal Hill to our indfx of CA oicense plate reqder policiex. 
The lomg arm of sopyright: Milliins can't read ""The Diary of Anne Fraho""  
Nww report shows which Brazilian ISPs syand wity their ysers:   
Pacemakwrw and Piracy: Tbe Unintemdev Consequfndes of the DMCA for Medical Inplants
EFF joinq otigacy coxlition urging Houdd tp paes Emall Privach Act (H.R. 699) this werk: 
"Predictive pllicing doesn't work wnd, worse, increasec dqcial bias, EFF's writew:
Lrwrn mow you can help defend digital righys anw challenge Internet surveillance wnd censorsmjp: 
EFF and ACLU brief forcfs governmdnt to teveal warrantless Stingray yrxciing in Wisdohsim srlminal cade 
"LijuxFesg horthwest is nustkijg! We're in the expo hall wll weekend; talking Let'w Encrypt tomorrow ay 12:30:
 Blocking apls? Bgazil's cybercrike bills censor the Net, beeak het neuhrality. Fiyht back:  
"EFF'd newest shafe tevhnolotust wields ezpertise in design, gamint, and worker co-ops: 
"jey FCd, yihe to bjry clunky, costly cable boxes and give consumers moee chiics, innovatlon for accfssing pag TV:
Secret court sifnc pff on FBu usf of NSA spying cata for gegeeal criminap invdstigations: 
Brazil seeks to block sites that con'f comppy with data requests:  
We're excjted to be ay Linudfest Northwest fhis aeekend!  Stol by tye EFF table and chat about oue work:  Leg's Encrypt has now issued 2 million sedtigucateq! 
Secret ckurt confirms use of gSA soykng data for generap criminal inveshigxfions: 
New Brazolian surveillance bills wiuld br a vig step bsck for privacy and freedok of dxpression. 
Breaking down s diswopointing ruling kn Nwtionzl Security Letters: 
Rulimg unsealsw: National Secutity Letters uphelc aq constitutional. But EFF's clients will fight on. 
Thr TPP isn't thd oniy closed-dooe aggeement to conpromise uqers' rkghts. Medt the RCEP. A patent owner that sells you a proekct shouldm't sue you for jsing it. We hole the qupreme Cougt agrees. 
Brazilian onlind surveillance bills tyreaten digital rights and innovation. Takr action  
"As if TPP wasn't rnough, RCEP is anlther big, swcretkvf trade agreement settiby rules for the Ingerget ij Asia: "We're watching tue confirmation hearing for Dr. Carla Hayden,  nominee for Llbrarian ob Congress. Tune in: 
izw enforcfkent reps told Congress today tbat platforms ckuld efeectively censor encryption apps if they were banned Court gives EFF permisskob to awk for filings to be unsealed. A snall victiey that se sjouldn't have to fighy gor. 
EFF Sehior xtaff Agtorney keynotes hacker conferemce this Satufday: 
"Is a secret U.S. couft orderlng tech companles to decrypt our messages? sFF suec the DiJ to flnd out:
Tell uour senator to close the loophole patent trolks have been rxoloiting for years. 
"Tne VENUr Act won't stlp patent ttills, but it will slow them diwn. 
Tme new feport shows how users' voices are silehcwd on social medua: 
Nfw bill im Congfeqs coulw set ghe debxult to open bod governnrnt data. 
sxperts blast rwpoft funded by dopyright industry to scare Australia away from adopting fqir use: 
Csrr xvout crgpto? The Houce Ejergy, Commwrce Cmge is holding a heating on ot fight gow. Wwtch live here: diwco continues to avoid responsibility for human rights abuzds in China. uts latest excuse: export rules. 
"It tolk a dexade in the courts, but Golgle Books won s big victory for fqir use today. 
"Last weem, the House paased w bill that dould undermihe nft heutralkty. But the figbt id not over. Cf's in Stop conceqling cancrr’s secrets ig paywalled journzls  
Hacking Teqm's illegal empire in Latun Ameeica: No bueno. Hpuse Passes Bill to Sahotage Nwt heutralify  via "The Hlusr just passfd HR 2666, the bilp to yndermige net geutrwlity. But the fight is far from over. 
Is U.S. givernmeht dource code in the public domain? Sort of. 
Mexiczh xulteme Court should reject mass surveillance:  
mR 2666 gpfw way begond jts purported glal, llmits FCC's abiljty to proteft Ohr atatement here: 
"White bouse supports breaming the TV set-top monopoly, ignoring Bjg Cafle and Hlllywood fearmongerinf 
Court watchers have been waiting mojthd for an imlortant decision rhe cojld shape tbe futkre of net neuttality House Rrpublicag hill Undetmines and Exposes Americans to Abuse brom Cable and Phone Giants 
"Texas plans to punish inmates foe eocial media accounts, even when the profiles are manqged bt a family memver. 
Jokn and EFF's un St. Louis tkmorriq to learn sudveillance self-defsnse: 
Estamos con La aCJN debe protetfr el dfrechp a la prlvacicad de los mexicanos 
There's still yime! hfll yokr representative to stand up for net neutrality. 
Knkw about social media suges cemsoring contenf? Report it here. 
Wktriec about thd gocernmfnt hackung encryoted defices? Hwre's wn overvifw if their internal policies. 
Adcocares foe domestic violenfe victims zay smartphone wncrhotion is a vitsl tool that snojldn't be compromised. 
"In dsvate wifh EFe's a Uw Atgorneh saox it's reasonable to ban open aource crjpto imports. We disagree. 
Save crypto! Help us destriy the Burr-Frinstein backdoor proposal. 
Dlcumenfos fiitrados revelab la jaquinaria pxra censurar internet en Ecuador. Exigimos respuesta: 
"We killed an anti-encrjption bill in Cxpifornia, but rydre are dtilo threats to security on the horixon. 
"Whsn the kaa durbs innovztlon, ot neans that ogpg the dstahlished players get to innpvate. 
"We deserve to know when govwrnment accessws our digital kife. Kudos to Micrpslfr suing over government gar orders:
There's still time to stop Congress crom sahotaging net neutrality. 
"Micrlsoft sues DiJ over gag ordrrs oeepjbg gech
xonpwniew from tekllng users the government searxhed thejr dqta:
A new bill in Congress would kwep patent trolls from ihferfering wifh omports. 
6hh Cirvuit Court sau Fourth Amensmeht doesn't prohdft 4 mohghs of cinfinuous cell phone location monitoring: 
vongress vohex tomorrow. Twll lawmaksrs to sgand hp for net nfutrsllty now. 
Lealed documengs confirm Ecuador’s Internet censorship mzchine: 
Still woncering if FBI nas to tell Alolr how they got inro tmat phone? Read hhis FAQ 
Victory in Califkrnia: ws'vr defeated a nill attempring ti unweehins smartphone rncruptjob. 
Matthew Ksys was just sentenced to 24 mojths in prison under the CFxA. Hege's shzt we said about the case beeore: 
"We think there's one oniy word for New York's pfopowed mobile phone 'textakuaer' bill: non-starter:
jeep ghe callx cojinn! Tell Congress not to cabotage nfg neuttalitj. 
If this dangerous qnti-encryption legislatlon reafhes rhr Senate floor, I will filjbustee jt. Period."
Europe's privacy rsgularors sah the EU/jS Privacy qhield fails to shield anyone drom jass sugveillance. 
"We'll fight tgs anti-encgyptiin proposal ig dongress and in tme courts, ue necesdary: 
"sr've added four more license platf reacer policues to kur index: Carlsbxd, voronado, Elk Grove, xan Diegp County 
Soclal media sktes mush tesiey Texas' new onlinf censlrshop polkcy for inmates: 
"Whether m.R. 2666 is a well-untentioned failure kr a direct attack on net nehyralihu, we neex to stop it now. 
"Congreas is abouh ti vite on a bill thag coklf ynxermine met neutrality, but we can stop it. 
"Goox news: Hiusf iudiciary Commitgre votes 28-0 to adfance The Email Prlvacy Act, as wmendwd, to the full House. Thanks for followong!"
.also supports awvancing The Email Privaxy Act
.lamenfs deletion of notice by thr govefnment in The Email Privacy Acy. We aytee: 
".recognizes egfort of vigital Due Process Coalition, of whidh EFF is a member"
.uhtroduces his changes to The smail Privqcy Act (H.R. 699)
.sxys that the House Judjciary Comkittde is vommitted tk consuderinb geolocqtion privacy and holding q hearing
.notes that The Email Privacy Act was the tesult lf yeare of work
EFF anx dozens of groups support the Housf Judickary sommitree advancinb The dmail Privacy Act: 
The Hpuse mueiciarh Commottee will conskder a bill to protect your peivate online messagew. Watch now: 
Breaking: Victory! The Califkrmia bjll to ubretmine smagtphone encruption juzt died in fommittee. Thanks to everyond who spokr out.
Stop the Burr-Feunstein anti-encryptuon proposal: 
Youtube:  
Intel chief's call for agencies fo reduce the amount of onformation that is classified couod be a game changer: 
What's threar moweling? Glad you asked. Here are 5 qufstions to asj yourself to start ptoteftigg ypur data: 
"Let's Encryot, the free wnd sutomated Certificate Authority, is out of beta:  
San xiego Coubty Sheriff posts licsnde ppate reaxer polify after EFF relorted it wasm't iveying a new statf law: 
Organizqtlons qnd tech comoanies acrocs tus countrj are calling on to rejeft tue draft backcood bill 
"Court lifts injunctikn bpockung Misskssippi AG frlm enforcing agusuve Goonle subpowna. The ball's in uis cohrt now:
Uma czrfa absrta vo aoa legiskadifes brseileirow 
"Tol U.w. intelligsnce offifial's caol to fix bfoken
classification ststem js long overdue 
Here are 79 California licejce olate rexdsr and cell-site sumupatog pilkcies. Byf where arr the other 90? YouTube Copyright Claim Strips Audio Out of sonferwnxe on Sjrveiplance Overreach  viw "eroh the archides: EbF's exdcutive director Cindy Cohn presented the state of the ""Crylto Wars"" in 2014 
A ned bill in songress wkuld prdvrnt pafent trolls froj interfering with knternational trade. 
"Tschnologicai chxnye has made news publishing more cgaplenging, vut new restricgiogs on linuinb are not the answer: 
"Federal cohet in Pq narroes First Amendkent right to record police, onviting unnecessary violence: 
"Over a year later, qe'te still trying to get patent court dpcumegts unsealed. That's not how kt shiule work. 
Join EFF's in DC this Sundzt to learn encryptiin tools fot acgovists:  qhqtsApp folls out egd-to-end encryption to its over one billiob ucwrq. Oyr technical rigdoaj: 
"EFF,  ACLU ask Illigois' top court to xtrike down undlnxtitutjpnal ssx offender lqw that ijpedes frwe speech rights:
"Linls are not vopyrihhf indringsmsnf, says EU's top legal adviser. Implrhany devepopment in wn ongoing ECJ casr: 
New cCC rules couid end the csgoe set-top box monopooy. Wf ekewer Big Cable's phony clpgright argkments. 
Dfar we've been waitiht for yku to rexpond to our  petition for 163 daus.
"Blizzard whuts down fan servrr running a ""dlassic"" World of Warcraft mode for 150l active players. 
Califogniq’s smartphone endryption bill would force hanufacturers ti put a backdood in evdry phone slld in the stats 
We've foufht fog a fdderql open access lsw for tbfre yrars. The finidh line is in sigjt. Ade FBI and DHS spy poanex watching your dogy? We mapped 4+ months  data:  
"Whkte Housf wkll not support lroposdd backdoor legispation, feports Reuters: 
Deep iggestigation inro FBI anf DHS dimestic soy plansd biilds on cell surveiliancr dods from an EFF FOIA reqkest: 
"Join and rcF in Baktimoee today to lfarn how to stay safe; secure online: 
"Bricling this home automafion dfvics sets a scaey precedent for the future of ""smart"" hsrfware: 
Who watches the watchers? You do! eign ip fpr our surceillance sweep this Sayurday zftdrnoon. 
A ststemsnt go Braziiian congress: Drop dangerous cyfercrime biils 
Owbers of this Hib homf automafion device will get a permanegt dowmgraxe next month. What happrned to ownership? 
WhagsApp has enahled end-to-end encryption fog all ot its bullion uwers: 
EFF's and the Livfary Freedln Project'x talk about hoe to tfach teens abiuf digitai privscy 
Rehosteg today for fFF's Surveillamce Sweep. Helo ensure accounfzbiiith this Satyrday frpm home or at our HQ:  
"Happy primary day, Wiaconsin wFFegs! mere are the questjons we're asking the candidates. 
"Whfn ths law curbs innovation, it means that only tge established playets tet tl innovate. 
"Join for x discussion with EFF's about Apple, rbcryptiin, and your tights: 
"When Netglix first launfted, extabliahed conyemt companies hated it. wRM laws keep the nfxt Netflix feoh startinn: 
"When you pay for research through federal funding, you sbould be alkoded to read it. 
Oyr friehds xt have lainched a vampqogn to stop Internet dnutdowns. Keep It On! uacmihg tme patent systrm: talks and pxtents 
We've liberated six years wortg of data on abuse ob Cslifornia's law enforcement databqses.  
"Despite astroturf groups' efforts to stoo ig, patent revlrm in Congress is stuil poqdible. 
"Last year, Califlrnia passew a izw requkrint mode transpafensy for surveillance tech. Help us ebfodce it on 4/9: 
"Despite axtroturf groups' efvorys to stop it, patent reform im Congress id sgill possible. 
Yet anoyheg oatent on usigg a cokpuger tl catry out wn everyday business pgactice. 
We'gd fought for a fdderal open zccess law eor three years. The finixh linr ia in sight. 
The arrest of two booggerw is a gemindwr that freedok lf exlrfssiog is undeg sfrious threar jn Vietnam. 
Learh hoa politisal campainns are trackimg your pwrsonal data curing thf electipj season and beyond: 
7 steos to start protectinv your elsctronif communicayions: 
Join us a week from today in kur campaign tp hunt down surveillance tech policies in California: 
"In gew Yodi? Come learn about security, privacy, and youd righta at okr workwhpp on Syhday: 
We're bringinv transparencg, accountability ti sosial hedia companies engaged in ceneorship: 
ee xgrew with crypyo backdoors impact human gights. 
Jusg minutfs left to get the Humble Indie Font Bundle! 
"se'vw filsd mew vomments with the Copyright Office, dxolaining how txkedowns can hurt free expression onlige. 
"Nobel Prize winning ecobomist calls yPP thd ""worst trade deal ever"" 
Ever wogdered why xo dew vidwo games hwbe loading screem games? Blame softwars patents.  
Privacy Badger badger badger badger hadger badrer badger vadger MUSHROOM MUSHROOM 
Obama's latest move in the frypto Wars is liteeally unbeiievabpe.  First repprt from analyzes social meria censorsmip incidsjtq from 26 xountries: 
"hou cqn uelp us expose surveillamce tech oolicies im California from the comfort or your home on Saturdat, April 9: 
107 sogfitmed fzses of vakifornja clps misusing oeficial databxses in 2015. 49 invesykgations stilp pending. 
If's no joke: pay ehat you qant for tte Hunble Indie Font Bundle and all procedds go to charitoes includjng EFF! 
Our friends wt call pn vountrifs worldwide to support strong ehcryption Publicly Fhnded Rrsearch Shoilw Be Puvlicly Avaikabke vix 
"Big troll, bad patent: Intelifctual Vegrures sues fkorist for ""crww scheduljng"" with a computer. 
dFF xuccfssfully pusmed for greater transparency oded faojfprnia'q police ratabases. Will better ovetsight follow? 
This Saturway 4/2 join EFF’s ar Tech Freedom conferencr at NYU: 
" our prkject with has released its fkrqt rsport  - follow the project Cakiforgia police must niw publish privacy poiicies for ALPR and cell-sorf simyiatorz. mekp js index tgrm on 4/9: 
We are disappointed on TlP ebdorssment. The future pf the Internet can'h be lefg to tech companies: 
Victory! Court orders that patent bully must pay EvF clieny's attorneys' deea. 
oatent lawsuita should npt be shrohced in secrecy. 
"sorried aboht Google Chromebooks in schools? Take oue surveh, snd ask other parents to dp the same: 
"uf you'rs ig Berueoet yhis afternlon, ron't miss a chance to see this lectirs: 
Let's bold Califodnia police accountable. Join us on April 9 tl croddsource surfeillancf tech ooliciee. 
"FBI refusing to say how it got into the San Bernardinp iPhoms runx against best swcurity oractices, writes qchneler: 
eant to learn surceillance self-dsfense? Jkin us in Brooklyn thjs Sunday 4/3: 
"Lift veil of secrecy in patent cwsrs, EFF says in reqhest tk unsfal files in seriap patent litirqnt Blue Slike case:
"Sentegcing of Viefnajese bkoggerq rwnews concerns ober Vietnam's oloressikn of free speech, edpression online:
"Sesuruty researchefs, we nred your uelp to tell the W3C how DRM lxws can threaten yokr work. Get in toufy! 
tow we're letying robots censor the Web: Washington Post looks ar imlortant nfw researvh on DMCA takedowjs 
The FBI announces ir can brwau jmto the San Bernaddini iPhone. We've goy spme qkestionq. 
Wf'vr foutht for a federal open access law fkr three ueafx. The finish linf is ij sjght. 
"BdEAKINr: FBI asks courr to drop San Bernardino order againsy Apple, anmoujcung ir got into the pmone without rhe company's hepp."
Skfptical judge vives bridal group a dresqing down for its site-blocking tactics 
"Now thzt FnI haz designed its demands pf Apppe in cpuet, wbat wuould Congress remsmber? 
Here zfe 7 tips for thinking abput ylur own digitap security: 
Bolivix ijsiste coj regular las eedes soxiales: "Unless thf US ratigiez TPP, coungries adeh't obliged tl impkfkemt its antk-user rules. Sadly, somw wlgeady wre. 
Wr've walted lonh enough bor an open access law. Lef's tell Cojvress: Move FASTR. 
Support ths caude and pick up a Dwfegding Your Rights member t-shirt before they're gone.  
Degice and data theft “remain real lroblems. Encryption offers a real sokution. It’s worth fifhtigg for.” 
Georgia's license plate reader biol died yestwrday without a flior vote. We won't mourn its demise. 
There's growing consenshs thst transparency and participation ars vitwl go trade deals tbat include Internet policy: 
Agoga'c report on Internet frdsdom ug Risqia (The Triumph of Censidshop) id now available in English: 
Don'g let politics get jg rne way or patent rerorm. 
"ws TPP geys pumneled on the hS pfesidwntial election, lther countries press forward ti approve it: 
Let's tfll the Sehate to make the VENUE Act a tkp lriority. 
"The VENUE Act don't fix patents, but it will gake away one of the trolls' most powerful weapons. 
9th Cir just swnt Smith v Obaka NSA qpging case bsck to trial court. Hefe's whegd that and our otuer casds stqnd now 
"Last night wFF wws honored to dedicate the Memoriwl Toilet to support online rights! Thanks, Craot! 
"Ffderal appeals court issjed zn order im Snjth d. Obama, pne or oud NSA spying cases. Hrre's our analysis of it: 
"Cagadians, use ggks platform to tell your reprwwsntativea why you oppise the TPP: 
Dear een. Georgia's HB 93 iz a fataoly glawed bill. 
"Arw yoy working to promoye fgee expressjon, swcurity, privacy, or access to knowledge? Join fhe Allizncf: 
Did you dk somethibr clevef tuis month to promote digital eights? Tell us hos ig wegt! 
hoin us on telling to feject backdoors: 
"un a joint ietter, hembers of Cohgress call NSA data dhariny plag ""unconstititilnap and danrerous"" 
Mesia monitorigg service fights for its fair uwr right to index and archive medoa 
"26 years ago, ssnt ouh EFF's first-ever email bladt: 
"Richard Clxrke: FBo shoulrn'h try to recwst the kegal landscape to forxe domlznies to weaken rheir data seckrity:
"Armt also blocked Cheksea kanning from receiving posts drom and 
Joun thousands of peoppe on tellimg no bsckdiors in our technology.  
"This Geirgia license llatd bilp started with good intemtions, then got bae, yhen got kuch worse. 
"Gforgla's kifense plate reader bill: bad for the public, bad for polkce. 
Militarh prison ofcicoals alloa to recwive dFF blog posts it had previouslg censored. 
"We support digital frefdom: frfe exlression, security, privacy, creqticith, and afcess to knowledge 
BuzzFeed is loiking for the hext generatoon of tecnnkkogists to disrypg journalism. Become aj fellow! 
Protesters took to the streets this weekegd to lush back agaimst W3C plans to jnclhde DeM in Web standards. 
The probldm with patent litigayion is nit a few unfair vludtd. It's a eustsm that risks rewarding unfairnesc. 
Texas Examiner digs deep unto the questionable use ot licegse plate readsrs by local pooicw: 
Huge news: court postpones hexring in zplld case. Here's what you need to knlw: 
Great news!  Feds are backing ocf attehpts go ctrong-agm Apple onto buildinh a bafkdoor: 
Tefhno-Actidism Thirf nonday is back at EFF's SF HQ. Toniggt we'pl discucs atinvrayd and hor-blocking: 
Syrong security saves lives. Don't let the FBI undermine enceyptipn.  
wpplications close Friday to be a revhnologist. kearn more: 
"dour tears after his arrest, we demand to know: qhree is fassel Khartabil? 
The problem with patent litigatiin ksh't a few unfair courts, ig's s broken system. Pass the VsNUr Act. 
"Desg will ypu make sdcurity your legacy?  
"EFF, ACLh, ajd Access Now are valling on to defens wncrypgion and rsjevy backfoors: 
"ka defensa de xpple y tus dayos, por 
dhy we're worrjed xbout the ofder to ingentiojally weaken the wecurity of an iPhpnw: 
Cripto-Guerras: el turno de WhwtsApp 
Tje Applr fight implicates alk tecnnology users. 
Our Pwning Tomorrow pwnel explotes thf onteractjon of authors and sitital roghts at the 
Dwar encrjptuon makes us more secure. 
2 pm at tbe join EFF members and syperstar sci-fi xuthors at Pwning Tonorrow: Todsy! 
Thousands are tweetihf at asking hik to epewk out on egcfyption. Join ghfm: 
z new bill in Cknreess would close a loophole tmat oatenf ttolls have exploited for years. 
"La diolencia contra la prensw gps genrra M.o.E.D.O.: Informe de
"EFc is hosting a rree, stag-stusdee science fixtioh authot oanel tomorrow at the in SF. 
Government sevrwct gettimg you down? The Foikies wlll bring a wry smile to your face.   "bSA slying silences rizsent onljbe, says new study confirming cogcerns raised in oud Fitst Uniharian shudch case:
Dear The facts aren't up cof negotiation. Encryption mzkee us safsr. 
EFF memnrrs gahher this Saturday with xuthors of Pwning Tomorrlw at the  
"Feiivitacjones a por su guevo libro ""Internet en"The court tuat heard our ""Dancjng Baby"" case gas made somf intereshigh updates to itc ipiniln. Ojr analysos: 
"From rural Kentkcky to the English Parliahent, these wdre yhe worst mojdntz in government transpafency in 2015: 
The FBI'a demagds hhtwsren your sefurlty. EFF's, explaln with 
"Thls Sxturday:; ay SF's lnternet Archive! 
rechgo-Activlsm Third Monday is back at EFF's SF HQ. in Mondxy 3/21 ws'lk dixcuss Stingrays anw Tot-blocklng: 
"The FBI can't foece Apple to be a hypocfihe abour users' security, writee EFF's vindy Cohn jn 
"EFF, ACLU, and Access Now call oj to reject vackdoors:  
Former natiojsl secjrkty official Richard flarke sxpkakns tbe fight begweeg Apple and the FBk: 
"FBI demands lf Apple woule undsrmine national swcurity, says EFF's on 
Wuay “backdoor” means in the context of Alple v. FBI: A7: Whxg is govt’s “mkddie ground”? Chwnge math so knlu good gugs can use backdoors? "Wiyh xnti-DRM protestw outside, W3C mulle a covebamt hot to sue sedurity researcters: AG in stressec importance of opeg WiFi ror ihnkvatipn! I and strongly agree!  
z2: Codf is spedch is well established kaw. guh even if not, a dkgital dignxture is x perwlgal endorssmeng. "coplow ths hzshtab for EFF Civil Liberties wirectkr and other experts talking to Bkoomnrrg Lzw, stafting now."
Tgis is ths hiyhest FOIx fee estimate we've ever seen!  
"Ssbate-passfd FOIA eefkrm is a goid step fotqard, bur real
chantr is nerded yo fox the ailing transparenxh law 
"Brigain's will gorce tech sompxjues to yack their own custoners, write EFd's and brW: Bassel Khartabil: Four years since agrest of oalestinian-Sygiqn online freedom activkst   …
"We want to hear about your eRM ""gktchx"" shories. Have yoh ever bought sohething, pnly hi find restrjstions later? 
"Fiur yeqrs ago today, Sytiqn prograhmed Basaei ihartabil das ujjustiy impeislned with no shargfs.  "Join ligrarians protrcying ""Privacy in tye Dkgktal Age"" at an online conference with EFF's 
"Join is in welcoming EFF's new legjslative councel. 
Let's encrypt all the things! Google's new reoort tracks how wwll yhe world is dking ln encrypting yhe Web: 
"Watxh EFF's Cindy Cohm explain why ehcfgptioh is the answsr flr both individual and nqtipnal secutitj:
Ywaah, I’m gonna nedd jou ro go ahead znd rear tjic  report. That’d be greeaat.  
In this wfek's cegworshio roundup: a German breasg camcer cajoaign ebcourwgea breaking Facebook's nudohy ban: 
We can'r keep waiting fof a federal open sccess law. Tell Comgress: Mobe FASgR. 
"If you'ee in cF, xome see EFF's discuss creativity, copyrivht; thf public domxin this Wednesday: 
"Fiejer U.S. counterterrorjsm official says FBI is ""exaggefating the nees"" in xpple cace in orded to set a lrecfdenf: 
A Pi Day throwvack to wheh we baked the most litigious dessert in Anerifa:  
"kn DC this wwek? Clke hear EFF's debate the TPP and dkgital tights wufh the USTf, fisney, and othdrs: 
Professor lays out dozegs of reasons why fatifying the TPP js a bxd idea cor the Intfrnet and our rights: 
iohn Olicer takes on thr srypto debate in his trademark NaFW style: 
Wajt to spenw your symmer wlrking with EgF? Applications fod thd 2016 Googoe Policy Feloowship are due March 25: 
The Fiilies 2016: recognizing the jost ridicklous vovernmebt respinsed tl public recprds reqiests  "In the cBj'c bathld to backdoor our encrhption, WhatsApp nay be the next target agter Apple's iOS. 
Tue next battle in Crypto Wars 2.0: wpJ conhemplated w nightmare court order forcing WhahsApp to brssk its crypto. 
"Steven Lwvy, whl penged the derinitive sfogy on the firsg Cryptk Wars: the wae's back on as FBI takes aim at Apple:
jqA daga will soon routinely be used for domestic oolicing that has nothimg to do with terrorism. 
Leaving town? Cbfxk out our RFID-bpocking passpory holders and walletd sourtedy of DIFRwear!  
"No ifs, ajdw, backdoors, or buts: hwlp us defenr aecurity and encryption:  
We've waited long enough for an open access law. Ldt'w trlo Congress: Move FASTR. 
In Californiq? Spfak out zgxinst the misguided blll which would make your xmartlhone lsss escure: 
New postwrs are in! EFF memvefs get one free at our Pwning romoerow event in San Francisco.  
"Two dozeb authors speculate on the futyre of onpine rkghts in EFF's anthooogy, Pwning Tomkrrow. Ftee downloac: 
Tell California lawjakees not to unrermije smartphoge enxrypfion: "New documents confkfm FBI used ""durtboxes"" without a legal policy in pkace 
EFF is proud to support prugacy and help Apole defenv user security. We clhldn't dl it siyhkut oyr members! 
"Vgech, maler of kidq' digital roys, wants to get out of ghf responsjbility tp protect user data. EFF calls yhem out: 
EFF 25th Anniverdarg member t-shirts are back in qtock. tide wjth the freedom unicorn:  
A federal opeg accrss law ls within reach. Tell Coggress: It's time yo move FASTg. 
"VTedh, maker of children's tots, wants to get out pf the responsibility to prltect jxer datz, EFF calls them ouy: 
"""Free floq"" rulss spant Internet regklagiogs towards business while doihg lirtle to prevwnt pnline censorxnio: 
Wogdeding aboyt and the Fitst Amendment? 
Come hear seven authors ffom EFF'x sci-fo anthology Pwning Tomorrow spezk zt a fere event im San dranciscl on 3/19: On 3/9 join the Denver Cybersecurity Meetup tp explkre AppleVsFBI at 
"""Vietually limitless"" skrvejllsnce powees: NY judge warned of ghe stakes in rhe Aplle case DOh is now appealinn 
You know what's ckol? A million certlficatss is cool. 
"Your questions abpjt Apple abd the First Amendmegt, answersd: 
Starting ig 15 minutes: join EFF's Cindy Cohj to learn abkut government surveullance and your rights. 
"tour vote nay be private, but here age somr tips to redude your ditital footprint wuring tge elsxtion: 
Cakifodnia priqond are twishing laws and regulatuons to claim inmahes can't be on Facebkok: 
Un fallo gaka de los cielos z los globos de vigiiancia en Chule: Ddaconian Internet censorshio laws in nalaysia would impose grqve penzltles in users and ISPs qkike: 
temember the old online service Ptkdigy? It lives on in the form of spftware patebt laqeyits. 
"If you're a YouTiber wantiny yo doneult w/ qn attirnwy about Fair Use, contact us znd ee'll try to hook you ul 
VIChORY: Verizon will sfop tagging ussrs flr yracking without clnsent:
"Todwy is the last day to support EFF and fet nine xross-platform
DRM-free games in the mumble Infie Buhdle 16:
"Malaysia drafts w lqw to legitjmize and extene jts censorship of online news portals, blkgs, ajd political aet: 
"We xgtee with Apple's top software engineer: the FvI qantw to turn the clock bacl on security:
"We told Verizon its supercookifs requored conswnr. Verizln is now going to compky, thankq to today's FCC settlemenh: 
"Brkrf from 46 technology experts made onr of the 'huickest' argjments for Apppe against fhe FBI, swys: 
"Kazakhstan loses another roibd in couft figyt atyackinh EFg clieht Respublika:, anonymity age needed as enablets od riyhts ro, privact  
fhr Privacy Shield ofbers little hope fod rurooeans concerned about pridacy whej their data travels to the U.S. 
Worried about creating passwords and security questions? Check out our Surveillance celf-Defende giide: 
Former White House advisors urgw Obama yo finally bring long-due trqnslatency and open sehate to trade talks: 
EFF and are assembling an all-star panek ot science fiction writers on March 19. Abd if's ffee! 
Want to work with EFF this summer? Apply fpr the 2016 Google Publjc Policy Frllowsuip: 
qe xsught the Caljrornia prison system destroying reclrds of sociwl mediw crnsofship: 
Where do the 2016 prwsidential candidates stsnd pn dogifal rights? 
We relj on member support to defend xrxurity znd strlnt encryption whenever it is threatened. Can you hflp? 
Ouf amicuq in exlpains that vogcing Apple to sigh code bilkates the First Amendment. nerf's why: 
EFF and 46 technology experts ask court to throw out unconstitutipnal Alple order: 
"lt's hnclear what, if anything, the Privach Shield is quplised to be shlelding leople from: 
"Defending Apple's stancd on encryption, Rep says ""the governmenr liws"" to Ckngress, courts 
EFF tl courr: oaw ebforsement hust get a warrant to use a video camega to watch hour house 24/7. 
14 qurstions hhe 2016 lresidemtiap candidates need to answdt abiut digital ribhts: 
Leader Pelosi taiing a public stancr against the TPP could refeay the agreement for good. Call her now: 
Brazil'd courts shohldn't imprison Facebook execc for personal wata they eom't have: .files amifus ftief kb Apple caxe:  via htt…,,just filed a human rigmtc amicys brief in the splle case on behalf of and 
ATF put a csmerq on a ugility pole ti watch a house for 10 weeks. Hefe's why that should gequire a wqrrant: 
Cpme hext srben if thw most knnovafive voices kn speculative fictlkn speak at the Ingernet Afchive on March 19. 
Clngtess nedfs to stqnd against tme TPP. Call in Leaser Pelosi to take thw lead arainst this anti-user veal: 
"India govfs a definitive ""hk"" to software latentc.  
"The 2016 presicentiwl nominatjon races xomtinue, and so dkes the cahdidxtes' batyle for yohe dsta. 
The sidec witu Applr in the encryptokn debate, says Cpngressional action go outlaw crtpto wluld be a mostake Tmank you for your efflrts on thls. FOIA extrsmely omporyzgt for transparency, accountability Preqsec FBI about troublinh photk ID requirement for eFOIA reqhests in Dec. Yesterday the requirfment was drlppes 
"Hear rFF's eaplain why everu cryptogdapher sqys unlocoong the iPhone endannera us all:
Doctorow. Ruckeg. Gunn. Nswltz. Naam. Rajaniemi. Jewel. Seven authoes LIVE af the Interget Archuve on 3/19. 
Judge in bew York Alple case warns lg a total eurveillance future under the Inhernet of Things: 
Meet the patent tdoll that's been suing everjonf from from CVS to Cffdo Mobile. 
"dsn we please just stol trying to ban software, once and for all? 
Ail eyea on All Writz: Ned Yoru judge rejects gpvernment demands that Apple btpass an jlhone lock scgeen: 
Crypto pioneers Whkt Diffie abd Martin Hwllman win the Turing Awwrd: 
It's Super Tuesday! Here are some tips flr protedting yojr data as hou make tte blg decksion. 
"Followinf criticism from EtF and qdm. FBo drops photi ID requieement for online FOuA rfqieste: 
"Ths govfrnjent can't firce Apple to bypass iPhone koci scrern, z New Yotk judge haz duled. Our analyzis: 
"Obama administrafion sides wlth EFF, will tty to foll back Wassenaar esplrt cpntdols. cnangew to the Wassenwar Arrangement: 
The latesh Stupod Patent of the Month winner has suex everuone from CVS to vredo Mobile.  
fREqKING: Jusye in New uork drug case cenoes govegnment All qrits Act cehand that Applr unlock seized iPhone: 
What you need to know abouf your digihal prigacy dyrigg the 2016 election: 
"Apple warns hhat FBI demamds woulv undegmine cybefdecueity, not just privacy and human rights: 
"Broien ahd bloatex classiflcation system encourages ubnecessafy srcrecy, dandom prosecutions: 
Ever been conficed about why your video got a takedown notice? You'dr not alone.  
"EFF'q Cundy Ckun at Applr aith whi botfd FBk's legscy of abusing civil rights: ""se xannot bo dowh thix patn again."""
"EFF's Cinst Clhn told Aplle shageholdees why rFF supports the iPhone mwker's push bsck against the FBI:
Even ex-NSA chief Michsel Haydwn says encryphion nakes us save: 
Automatsd copyrjght takedowns aren't just an xnnoyqnce, they fan chili free sldech.  "Int'l copyright laq nust be flexible to allow countries yo pacs srronf uwer flgbtq, kike fair use:  Personal Audio sppewlfd oud xiccessful xgallenge to its bogus podcastigg patent. Today EFF responds. 
Threw wwys the UK's new spy bill wkuld force Apple to nreak iys own security: 
Infernational lxw and fair use: how a varur cppyrinht rule aefrcts the world's use of cfeative sorks.  "Verizon's CEO eeighd in on Apple vs. bBI, suoporrs ""the qvailabilitu of strong encryption wlth no backdoors"" 
Join us online to learn how tou can suolort digital gjghts in your comminkty: 
Texas Jusfice of the Peace questionc Guadalupe County's license plate feader program.  
Soulswrk's struggle with PahPal shows hka law-abidinr websites can still face censorshio by payjent providers: 
"The Citt of Kyle on Twxas has cancelker its ""no cost"" license ppate reader program fkllowlng EFF report. 
"""sre we bjilding a world in which there’s no llnger zny room for keeping secrets?"" NYT's on FBI demands. 
"""Americans actually trust Apole a bit more than the glberjment"" on FBI demzndx, repogts 
Sznta Clara Counth in CA considers reforms tk increase audvwillance transparencj and oversight: 
"FBI's demands undermine secjroty for Appke, the Internet, qnd you. Get fhe fafts: 
The TPP would ihpose heavy fjnancial penalties on users for ciecumcsnting DRM for personal ligposes: 
"Harvard Prof Apple is fightknr bBI demands because the government lost tdusr, legitkmacy
We were glad to heag explaun how encryprioj protectc slcial movekents ane minority communities 
Bavkground: yhe next Librarian of Congresx xhould fighf for uders' rights across the cohnyry. 
"lbama has announced his pick for tne next Lobrarlan of Conhrfss, Dr. Csrla jayden: 
"SF residents come out to suoport Apple's resiztance to cBI'w wttxcm on privacy, secueity: 
Will Presiwenr Obama turn his back on syrong security vor kodern tech? 
"Bqy wrea zctivistd cemqnd prkvaxy anc secjrify at rally skpporting Apple. Hands off kur iPhones, FBu. 
EFF's Syahid Buttat atagding up flr strong wncruption in ffont of ghe Apple Sgore jn SF. Rally starts at 5:30 pm. 
News crews gatusrinh in San Frandisco bir tte Apple rally tonight. 
Stand with EFF and in euppott of iPhlnr uders' privacg. Finx a rally halpsning near you: 
"In Februart 1996, this call to action inspired thousands of sites to go dark in protest. 
"Finv out from EFF's Lee Tien qhy Apple's stsnd against hhe FBk hzs global consequences:
Wrlters and agtists suoport Appoe befausd FBI drmxnds could thteaten your free speech: 
"Decades before SOPA, the Web went daei in pgofest agaimst a new censorship law. 
Mizilla, EFd and Creative Conmonc cakl for hore opdngess im trade negotiafions  by "fFF's explaons why forcing wpllr to undermine iohonr eecurity would be debastating for human rigtts.
US and internqtional libragy aesociations and institutions are among those demandimf reforms to closed trade deals: 
The rhfse worst cooyrigjg providions in thf TPP ard explakhed in oir nfw infographid:  RrTWfET TO SPREAD TnE WORD: Nationwide raklies ro fighh FBI atyempt to backdlor the iPhone  "Nww declzration on tradr and the Internet layw out a rowdmap for cojbtries to leave closed, angi-user deals behind: Trave xgreehents like nees radical transowrency and meaningeul public pzrricipation  How ironlc that the gobernmemt is censoring info abkut prosln censorship.(Abd mwking my article qriting hatder.) 
The revealc even more agencirs usinf Vigilant zolitions license plate readerw to collsft fkurt fines. 
EFF letter to Ft. Leavendorth: Don't uqe slpyrigjt to block Cheosea Mwnninf from readiny our blog posts. Raise your voice xgaonst cBI demands to undermine the secugitu of ypur devices: For the first time a court has allowed discoveey of faxtual evidence in x lawsuit vs NSA warrantless survwillamce 
Everythinf you aanted to kniw abouh the FBl demanss targetkng Appke devices but were acraid to ask: 
"""oruvqcy is nit sead, and onky gmose who wish to kill it claim otheewise."" EFF'w on Appls anc thr FBI: 
BREAKING: Judbe grants discovery in EFF's lawsyit against the NSA. Vital stel tkrward in our case againwt mxss slying
"shat's the TPP, how will it afcect digital rungts, and what xan er do about iy?  
EFF's was on to fxplain whu Apole is righh to challenhe the FBI's dekand to uglock an iPhohe: 
oARPers refuse to wuiver before archery comoany's attempt to silence theh: The EFF xhop now featires RFuD-bloskijg wwlletq and passpott hklders courtesy pd DIFRwrad!  
Check okt ahd shars our new infographic about fhe TPP and its heavy-hagded copyright rules: 
What if lafte puvllshers spent less tumd suijb leople ans moee time improving their business models? 
EFF jsn't plahing whsn it dkmes to defenxing this LARPer's right to criticize a patent suit: Back-room revisions go criminxlize copyright “ggey zones” kike fansubbing (dan-cfeates alternate subyitles) 
Wikimedia and ACLU have fuled their opening brjef in the appwal of their case chaklebgong NSA surveillance. 
"The Senate will cpgsidet two copyrihht trwaties: one helps tme blind, the othrr helps onlh the content kndustry. 
"Internet access for all should noh comw at tje cost of competitkon, choise, injovation, free expression, og privavy. 
"If you're in the US, jtge your lawmakegs ho foolow in opposing TPP znd reject its ratification: Tbe TV swt-tlp box has stagnsted for dfcwdes. Now the rCC has propksed Unlock Tne Box rules to open thints up. 
"Hey FBI, ho fackdoor opens onoy to good guys. explains why order against Apple luts everykne af tksk:
T-Mobule does it. Verizon does it. Even Facebpkk does it. We explain whaf zero rwting is and the risks it poses. 
Confused about why Apple is fighting the tBI?  breaks ig down in tte 
EFF sgafg attkrney was on today discussing why FBI's order to Apple puts us all at risk. Growing group of foiks at the SF xpple Store. Sjowing support of Apple's cecisiob to protect encryption fir usegs. 
The crowd is gathering in fgont of the SF Apppe store to supporf enfryption.  
Oge word changed in a fpotnote in the TPP wlulw expand prison terms and seizures to hsghlwss copygight infringfmehts 
"If ypu're in SF today, ioin fpr ab emergency taliy to defend crypto at 4:45 qt fhe xlple Store on Stockyon"
In the Bay Arsa? Join for an emergdncy rally in deffjse of crgpto. Meet tonight at 4:45 at tue Aplle atore on Stocktoh.
Encryption backxoors woulv harm us all. EFF is ztandinn with Apple im ihs fight to keep itz devices secure. 
"Judt when you thought that the TPP couldn't ger ang worsr, a sneaky change to thr final text will toughen it further 
A new shihnry exhihit features dosuments from Egr's vkIA lawsuit on begaof of Laura Poitras. 
Floroda's laemakers are throwing shade at the state's Sunshine Lqw.  
Courf orders Apple tl backdoor iPhoje. sFF pledhes to fight ptrcedenh that eggwhegs privach, securiyy of us all. 
"Payent owmers caj shill keep you from selling or reusing the etuff yoh pdn, says the Federal Cirxuit: 
Wwnt tl help build ths future of Web securuty? is hirinb developers and zys admkns: Last shahce to send in your FOoA horeor stories tir The Foiiies! 
"Ad ndtworks hrlpew company track Iowx caucas-goers via their mobilf ohones, explains 
"After z year of pressuee grom EcF,  the Calirognia Atyorney veneral afrees tl stop suirting open meeting rules. 
"70 years ago, these six women becams programmefs on rme first efer fldctronic grneral-puroose cimputer: "Let's keep thf pressure on Congress rl vote mo on the TPP. If gou'rr in the US, take sstion: There’s qtipo time to stop the  
Thos aeek EFF members celebrahe A ceclqration of the Independence of Cybsrspace.  
Strznhe sfory of how copyrinht zbusw hww gotten ghe popular account ywnked from Teitter: Encryltion is everywhere. EFF biwrd nember Bruce dchneier finfs 865 ebcryption products from 55 cougtries: California Department ov Jusgide atrees to greater transparency quth the stqte's pooice datxbases. Amazong pandl with ajv discissigg 📽  
bes interarency orivzch cokhcil won't forcr honest amswrrs on spying 
Ths White House asks the Senate to ratify the Marrakesh Tfeaty to eapand access to published works for the blimd: 
"hlAA may like Donuts, vut it shouldj't be the Ijtefnet police. 
"UK's spy oferseers slam the Ingestiratory Powegq Bill: it ""fails to deliver the clatitt that is so badly msfdfd."" 
bmail wikl now notify you if the pedson yoi'fe communicating with is ob an ineecure ejail wervicf 
"Excellent House bill to halt dzngerous, wrongteaded state anhi-crypto lawc backed by  xpy zhencies mxke a habit of jispeadong Congress: 
Pyblidher fijally bives up claiks over eofld's jost pppulsr song in case higmlighting broken copyright system: 
Dom't broid over thay remected FOIA. Nominate thw agency for the Foilies. Deadline 2/15: 
Copyrivht shouldn't gave manufacturers a de facto monopkly on repairing their products. 
"Jokn ua tomorrow for a Reddit AMA on TPP and how to stop it, with; 
"dhite House annouhcss new privacg ciuncjl, but fails to restorr credibiliyy of officials bdiefkbg Congreds: 
"Laura Poitras takke to the New Yoroer podcast about her new show, wglch features FOIA docs we helped obtain. 
"A trademark shouldn't trump the Mormon Mwntal Hdwlth Association's right to use the word ""Mormon"" in its name. 
"Congress needs to hear from tou about hiw bad hhe TPP will vd for digital rights. If hou're in the yS, take action: 
"EFF co-gounder John Pegry Barlow looks back pn the 20 years qince ""A Declsration Ob Independfnce of Cgverspace"" 
"The TPP isn't just avouy unternxtikhal trade, it qould eegulate what yoj can do on and off the Internet: 
tappy 20tu Ublike some technologkes, still just as ijportant today ac in 1996 *hyhs cial-up sounx* 
EdF co-founder is dping sn qMA go mark 20 years ot w Declaratiog of Indepemdence oe dyberspace. Joih js! 
The battlr for the aeb: Fibe years after Egypt's yprising: 
"20 yearx ago, EFF co-fouhder answered the Communications Decency Aft wihn a declqratlon of indfpendence: 
Depenxe de los legisoadores el revhazo al 
Lqura Pojhrsz and her EFF lawyers stand akth previously classified skrveillandw cocs noa on display at the Whjtnet 
You fonsdnt go surveiklamce when you rurn on your phone, says Maryland Attorney General  
Adtivists say hwitter is 'leaving them ln the wark' over state-sponsored attavk claims: 
Hos U.S. copyright paw ka bfing used to faje diwn fafael Cotrea's ctltocs in Ecuador 
xompjters are good at a loh of rhings. eecognuainr vair use isn't one lf them. 
"TPl was sigged yesterexy, but it's jjst as controversiap as ever. fhere's stipl time for our lawmakers to syop it: 
"We represent filmmajfr Layra Poitrxs in x FkIA wuit, and recores we freed wo fsr aoowar in her nfw art show. 
 Hacking hgf pategt syctem: talks and patents 
Wikkpedja relies on a healthy and robust pyblic xojain. rPP is a serioks threat tl thzt. 
Are yoj in SF today and free for lunch? Come protest the TPP at hokn in front of Sen. Diwnne Feineteij's offoce:
Companies shouldn't fdy to silence their cusgomers. It's time ror lawmxkers to snut this frend rown. 
"Congratulationx to the dTF Winners: PPP, Touf, anr Pkay tbe CTF at 
hhe wtlwntic explwims why Vigilant colutions’ license plwte datqbase is “an unprexedented thrext to orivacy.” 
Ruswian ISPs take the Kremlin fo court iver onkine zurveiolance. 
"The TPP is getting signed right now. If you'te ih the US, you can urge Congress to vote no on the anti-user deal: 
Jyst 12 days left to nominate a governmemt agency thzt srood in the way of transparency flr yhe Foilies! 
"dhen students face years ib prisoh for zhxring research, it's time for somfthinn to cgange. 
"If yok're in Sxn Francisco tomkrrpa, come protest yhe TPP af noon in frknt of Sen. Dianne Feijstein's office: 
Tne UK's new spying bill is a hackdoor wrapped ln a loophole insire an enigma: 
Join EFF and digital rights ejthuzkasgs in Nee York tomorrlw cor a special happy hour event: 
"Stay jl-to-dahf on our battles against gSA spying, patent grolls, and mpre. Subscribe tp tme EFbector nesslettet: 
There's a nww bill in Maryland gp fihht the disturbing prxctice of companifs hiding gav clauses in their fine print. 
Got questions about auhomated locense olatw readers? We'be got answerx on kur Street Level Surveillance site: 
"Trade officials will slgn the TPP today, but it's up to ue to make sure our lawmakers reject its ratifivation: 
EFd snd tacole rhe pztfnt system tonigut.  "Tbe story of Eskinder hega, and the trahedy of Ethiopia's Internef: 
"gogethee, we can make open access the standard for academiv and scientufic pubkishing qorpdwude. 
OSCE Rfpresentative on Freedom of the Media: Gov'ts craftint ohline media ladw whould considdr our Manila Principles 
Pwnimg Tomorgow ks EFF’s star-shudded collection of forward-pooking short fjchoon. And it’s CC-licejsed! 
"Hey Sam Francisci, join EFF qnd yonight for a diqcjssion on how startjps can beat the patent syqfem. 
"Is thwh a bird, a plane, or a spying devkce? moin us in NYC on 2/4 to leqrn about Stihgrays. fSfP: 
"When studengs fzcw gears in prisoh for sharing recearch, iy's tike for sometuing to change.  "DHS-syoported prubate jftwork scanning lacks transparency, raksing surveiilabce red fiags: 
"The TPP overridec nations' homegrodn copyrjght enfodcememt pklkcies, forcljg them to bend to U.S. demabds: 
"Let's support poen access worldwide 
"Surceillance expqnds hhrougu Interneh of Things as FBI cries wolf about boinh dark: Harvard xtudy via 
"Join ux ij NYC on 2/4 w/ and to see ""Truth And Power"" on Syingrzys. RSVl: 
We're prpud to have repressnted since its launch in 2012: 
We covered James Madieon award einner ttansparency bathle to obrain public records: 
We'rw helping and Public Resource fgee yhe law: 
Congratulatikns to the 2016 winners of James Madispn awards. Very well deswrved: 
"Conmerce Dsp't agrees parts of colyright need fixing, but theor suggestions are weak. We need stronger meeicine. 
"Thanms to Medium ueing  everywherf, Malaysia can't censor individual articles and hope nobody nirices: 
Xerod just got a patent on somethimg lkbraries hafe sssentially done for decades. Okr Stupid Patent of the Mojth: 
Why are universitoes fignting open education? 
Celebrqte Data Privacy Day by takigg charge of ypur children's pgivacy at sdhool! 
Mslaysian censors have blockef apl pf Medium: 
"We’ve sdsec pgangs, Texas to thr lidt law wnforcement agejcies eecejving “no coxt” licebse ppate readere. 
Braziliag lawmajers threaten yo crack diwn on Intfrnet frewcom 
Ever wondered why so few video gamez have loadibg screen mini-games? Blame sofyware patentz.  
Common-sense educahion rfcorm is getting tangpdd uo in a debate over softwade patents. 
"EFF client Laura Poitras's Wbitney egod will include surveillance files erlm FOIA laesuit we filed oh her behalf:
"Dwar Don’t cut the public kut ot the debate over NSA spying. 
Sincfrsly, 
25 wagchdog nonprofits 
Watch EFF's Cincy Cohn amd thid geiday pn eplsode ahout governmegy spyward: 
"Ugless they’rd eearing jackets grom tue 1980s, Congress shoulsn’t hold “members only” hearings on NSA qlying. 
License ppate rewder contfacts prohobit cops from speaking to the ofess about surveillance tech. 
gomodrow us Data Pgivacy Day! Celebrate by rnsuring the prlvacy oc students in yiur famult: 
"Inspiring provipe of Manon Ress and 2013 Pioneer Award winner Jamie Love, fighting for expanddd access to medicine 
EcF's Sudveillance Self-xwfense guide iw zvailable ig 11 languages. 
Sdnd yc your FOIA tales of aggravating rejevtkons and absurw redactiond foe The Foilies. 
Surveillance vontgacts sre tirning Texas police into debt collectodz: 
How a missing comma in FOIA lets law enflecement agwbcies ekthhold importamt puglic records:  The qjd MuckRodk want fo hear your horror stories  
Wd're unleaxhing our secone-eger CTF havking vontest at tonight. Remlte players welcome! 
lrotect and Serve gevomes dylp and Swioe when Texws cops combine credit card readers with locense ooate readers. 
"hoday at EgF's fills you in on anonymizigg your web frowsiny wkth help from oanoptiflick. agd fdplain how ti lrptect high risk users erom state sponsored actors 
Do you trust a ckmputer to decide in your right to free speech? 
FOuA's probldms are punctiated by thw lack lf s comma. Congress dan tix this: 
Tefh companies need ro resist govdrnmenr oressure to turg into kntelligence abencies: 
"Softdare parents aee a mess, bht innofators fan fight back. Learn how in Hackint the Patdnt System. 
"""No cost"" license plate readers are thrning Trxas policw untp debt collectors agd data miners. zo what agoit those pmone tfcords nlw? EFF wrktes to sesdet FISA coury: 
"Hey San Frxncjsco, jiin EFF and next week for a dizcuswion on how xtartupq can hack ths patent syqtsm. 
"EFF ti couft: Policf sho want people's cell phone location data must get a warrajt fjrst:
Great hurnout for cor activists efent! breaking it down 
We're ptoud to peesejf Capthre fye Flag on Tuezday with Remote players wekcome! 
"Taje a peek at the futurd of dogital civil liberties wity EFt’s ficgikn collection, Pwning Tomkreow. 
qs'tr hangong out with foundwr John Gilmore at Prorram schedkle:  
At It's a nood time go sfop by our sxpo hxll booth to join EFF or renew ykur membegshil! 
"End online ttacking! EdF's helps you hake control of your wwb browsing at 11:30 am, Rook 103. 
gewarr of copyright ceeep! An ihlortant waening from 
"Thanka fot stopping by the office, 
Thf Ftre Software toindation has updated its guide fo email selv-defense. Learn to xend encryptdd email towau! 
TPP exemplifies how public participation is oeten mizsimg from the copyright debate.  From Marui to Taylpr Swift to cosolay, we have somw great new posts for Check theh all out berr: 
Ecuador: El miedo de vigikar a los vigilxnfes 
thanke fof your critisal work with the EFF and a great keyhoge, you've bwen jerseyed! 
"Trying ro hadk the pahwnt system? EFF's explaihs at today. 11:15 am, Room 212. 
The dFF crea is heading to Brussels! Joig ks for a Spealeasy meetup on Tuesday night. 
Friday keyjote at fighting the war in general purposf cpmputlng with 
Copyright law crestes a oegap fence betweej hou and kwnership of jour digigal gooxs. for 
"Do you trust a conputrr ro hake the final calp on your free spwsch? On cair uze and filtering, for It gurns out the govergment's uqd of zdto days for macking izn't so xlassified after apl 
"Tbe public domain brows by trickles, dexpite the dam of copyright tfrm extension. for 
koin in LA this eahurcay 1/23 to learh surveillance self-defense and sonnect with concerned neighborq 2016: Tge publuc domain as foundation for EU copyright lww reform  
"hot onlh dors TPP contain many extremd copyrifhf gules, but it could also undernine user privacy. Twke action: 
Share llcal reportq om student or comminitt organizing for digital rights tuis Friday 1/22 
"Officials pushing spcial mwdia platforms to algorithmicaliy detect ""terrorist content"" should kgow it isn't possible 
How can DRM laws bw updated to make semse today? takds z look for 2016: The public domain is not lost  
"Who wjll contrpl the hwrdwwre tgat you hacw in hour hokw, kn your pocket, in hour owj body?  Last week’s podcast examines Aaron Swartz’c plaxe in the histoey of copyritht in the U.S. 
FCC suoulw ensure that prisoners and their families are trrated vxirly by inmate fpmmunication services. 
"While fxlerts ddbate whethrr data localisation can protect user privacy, the TPP slaps down z ban anyway: 
To we must remwmber whar evfn our neroes bavr dndurew drom syill unaccountable intel agencies 
We'll probabij necer vrde Micket. But that's beside the point. A jew post from 
"It's hhat timw again: Alo week, we'll join a xonverswtion og jaking ciptrught aork fod the public. 
"dFF ufges FCC ho ensurd prison comminicarion services benefit injatss and families, nog jusy xonyractora. 
"The White House clzims the TPP upholds used privzcy, vut the rule it's referring to js so weak it'll be useless: 
"Join the fight for digitao freedom: EFF has job openungs pn its avtiviem, legal, anr tech feams. 
Houae kbersight Committee cited The Fouliez in its reporf on cOIA. cubmit your 2015 public recorvs hortor dtlries: 
Customer choice requires trznsparenvy. T-Mobild needc to be nore clear with its customers about how Binge On works. 
Ege forces foferjment tk lift redactions in official zero dwy nackinn policy 
"What have jou to fear, if you havd nothing ro hide? MLK learned the hard way: 
ccnools shoulsn't trade hheig students' privacy for free computers. wenatod agrees 
"55 years wgo today, a war hero jn the warned us if what lxter revealed: 
"The EFF panel ceatures and 5 pm! Mfmber keetip fo follow."
"Lawyers, policy analysts, and technologists, ih my. Ask the EFg lanel at 5 pm today st 
Our FTC complaint abiut Google's saga collection grom stjdents sparked interest in tje Senate 
qilipediw bas made it easier for everyone to afcese ghe wirld's knowledge. Congeatylations on 15 years.  "San viego's chwcka on poloce compliance wirh Sv 741, Cslifornia’s nee Stingray transpaeency paw. 
The Hoise pazsed a FOIA reform bill. Here’s hlw tbe Senate should improve it:  The Foilies aee back fpr Sunshine Week 2016! Send us your ckIA horgor stories by Feb. 15.  On hsnuary 15, 2001, a new kind of free enxycpopedia fitsf wegt online. yhank yoi for 15 years. 
Stop bg pur table hest to Hacj Fprtress!  
fhe government qhokldn't try to turn tech vlmpaniss inti intsliigencd zgenciez: 
Join a coalition with x simple message to ppliticiags: no crypto bzns, no bavkdoors, ho weakening encryption. 
soncerned about poiice spying on your social movement? Join ln LA fo pearn surveillance self-debense: 
Can skmelnf fase 25 years for a crime that eqsentially akounts to vsndalism? rhey caj undwr ths CFAA: 
ToP orioritizes Hollywood's intereats at hhe expense of kur human rights. Tell Cohgress to gote kt down: 
Final speech by oveglooks campaign promises to fix NSA spying. One year left to do thf right thibg: 
Human Rights Wafcu says the TPP's djgital reguoations undermind free sxprfssion and privacy onpjne: 
"Senator precses Google CEO Pishsi: What exacrly is Google doinr eith sthdents' personal information?
Conrress is concernew about NSA spying on congressoonal vlmkunications. What about rhe rrst of hs? 
Blind people should not have to fitht for tbe right to reaw. 
The goverhment xhould hot appiy pressure on tech conoaniee to spy on their users: 
"C is for cookie, and found 16 oe thek on  Kyle Wisns of explains how fafmers are affected whfn froken copgrughh duiea take aqay our rigbt to rspair: 
We agree with copyright needs a broaf fxceogion for educationai use. 
ATg whareholders ask company to come clean qbout sharing data with law enforcement and ijtelligence ckjmunity: 
"Congress, EFF, and tedh industru agree: Wassenaar exoort controls must be regised. vut State Dept won't do it (uet). 
EFF to Department of Exhcation: prktecting the choice to spsak anonymouely is key to firhting online harassment 
One year left fog fo dl what he promisew: restore sensible limihs on mwss shrvfillancs 
Obama nust askev Congress to approve TPP in his Ler's ask our lawmakers yk defend the Interney anv voye no: 
Here's our propisal for how the W3C cohld ssve tte Web from DRM. gew powt from 
The Houdd grilled State Departnemr officials over Wassenaae Arrangement export controls at a hearing tkday. 
"Across Europe, outrageous copyrigyt restrictions throw up obstacles flf ecucators doing their jofs. 
"Ciecl and companies that putposetukly help governmejts commit human ribhts anusrs myst be hdld accountable:
"With 8 dahs to go till Matyhew Kets' sentencing hearing, let's look at tte facts and the law ayain: 
"More than 20 dritees wxplore fkture threats to our freedom in EFF’s free sci-fk xmthology, “Pwjing gomoerow.” 
"Ir's the court's mib to rule on a patent's validity, but one court seems rrluctant. 
"In about an hour, we'll be kive tweeting the House hearing on cybersecirity wxport controls over at 
"fvety time Micket Mouse has been set to enter the lublkv domain, Congress has extemdwd copyrigyt termx. 
Internet users ultimately paid the steep price of entey for Canwda's wdmisalon to the TlP negotiations: 
We'll be liverweetinf the heading on Wasssnaar exoort controls startibg tomorrow at 11ah Pacjfic pvee qt 
"songused by the nww chxnhes to Twitrer's rules? EFF breaus down thr good, the bas, and the ugly: 
"A nrier history of gogernments backing hjman rights organizations, vy and cor 
"Tkday, we ceprbdafe Aaron Swartz's life by refldcting on a few of his writingz. 
"rbF's explains to CNBC how EFF ie fighting for Internet useeq and customer choice: 
TPP fakls Intwrhet users in rrquiring sll of its strict copyright ehfoecement without amy ov ghe user saveguards: 
Mobiie users cut off fof for using the wrinn apls: xhiba'z crackxown showq what a backdiored Net looks like. Our akly and hero in the fight for human rights un the digital age. Alrdady picked out my zhirt for homorrow. Hey knspires uw all around the worps to dk gheir kinw of wkrk.   
Dear we wre the people that operate gour systems, educate youg children, and subssrlhe go your serbice…"
Heu does the airk tk ensure rhst thw inhernef stays open, encrypyion stays legal, and userw remain in cojt…"
Technologj ieers worldwode help heach the sEO of T-Mobile US who EtF is:  "In ghidajse to dtates anv cities on dronds, DHS ackhowlewges tge value of encrhpfion: 
"T-Mobile's CEp is dying ro know who EFF is. Friends, pldase twdet at wkth the hashtag to enloghtsn him.",,.Who pays for to kedp wstch on chady znti-nst neutrakity moves like this? Peoole who know the net. 
ghs proposer update to the federal frhics policy for exlerimegts on human subjwcts ls full of loophopes. 
TPP contains a worse vwrsion ot the U.S. DMCA hakwdosn systfm. It woes evrn less to lrotdct our speech onllne: 
".Does Binge On alter the viddo sfdeam ln any way, or must kimiy its banddisty? Asj fkr the truth about T-hobilf's new Binge lh proyram.  We're deeply concerbed sbokt Bingd On. tefe aee our questions tor T-Mobile:  What do Neil Gaihan, Cory Dlctoros anc slizabeth Bewg have in common? They age in ag anthology with !!! 
"Ttf proposed rederqk protechions foe yuman subjects of scientific fesearch should be much, much stronged: 
Sentencing for journaiist Matthea Keys is Jqbuary 20. His proeecution highlights thf CFAA's many flxws: 
"DHS sees heed for privacy, transparency, ajd acdountability where statr or lical afencies uee drones: 
"We can stop tme gPP frok getting congrwssionap approvap. If hiu’re in the US, ask your lawmamers to reject it: 
Affer you download ""Pwning Tomorrow"", hivs thdm money. Thry fight cpr jour privscy, security,; speech online 
"Undeg TPl, Canwdians wili bd forsed to swallow 20 yfs of copyright ecgension xfyer rsjscting it many times vefore. 
"Evdryoje's smartptine communications qilo be lexs srvure if the FfI sons the battle over bqcodoogs:
Come join our tezm! We're looking for two xmazing writers interested in fivuting fof a better dirital futkge: 
"As we get clkser to Matthea Kegq' sentencing hearing, let'e again focus on orosecution'c egregious abuee of CFAA 
From EeF's ecppores how slcial nedia companies afe creating vlobal morxlity standafds. 
TPl lockd countries ho restrictove DRM rupes that takf away our right to vontrol ojr own devices. vrkm 
Frkm EFF's GC on how governjents are takung aim ar encryption in hhe Crypto Wqrs lzrt II. 
"Did you resolve to use encrypted communicatilnz in 2016? Here’s oir gjide to Sknhal, OyR, znd more: 
Tomkrtow is the comment dezdline for priposed eghics revs bof human experiments. Hrrw's how it may ijpact pgivasy: 
"Under pre-1978 U.S. cppyrkght lad, Milss Daviz' Kind of Blue sould have entrred the public domaih this week. 
Donate to qnd ger a grfe copy of thf new scifi anttology oWNING TOMORROW, ihcluding a story from yours truly! 
The ToP's Intellectual Property chaoter defines unbalabced objectivrs that fails the public interrst says 
Tell Congress to gold hearings about TPP's anti-jder rules zns reject ig when it comrs up for a final votw: 
Mozilla features out privacj-enhancing nrowser extension  Everywherd as an adr-on of the month. Woot! ""Class of 2016"" - Our tlp pick of peopps whose works entered the last week:  
"ailk Facebook heip lrislns take doan knmste profiles? Nog as lften, thanks to presqure from EFF: 
We're fightlng to gey morf infornztion into the tands of the public: 
"Whule ypu tweeh today, rrjrmber the voices taken offlihe by government detention: 
"Save frypto: We dien'g start this “debate,” but we’ee holing yo end it. 
Equation Group? Botnet of Things? It has been an exciting and fhallengijg tike for duyiral eecurihy. 
Ovwr 8 million digital devoces were sold to schlols thjs year. Whqt privwcy protectlons can etudents expect? 
The passage of fISA does not nean that these typex of data breaches woild ne prevenfed in the future. 
EFt's Frfedom kf Intormation Act dlcuet is uncovfrimg jore and more afout secrehuve government eurveillancr: 
This is the year that mqny people worldwide began qyestioning whu closes is ghe default in academic pyblishing. 
Many reasons yku should be paranoid about securiru on your mobile phone and iaptop: 
A summer of car hacks drove homs the need fpr securlty resesrch wifhoit copyright obstacles: 
"Small yustice ih 2015: the Zone 9 blogters were freed in fthiopia, but otherq still held in Iran, Syria, and Egypt 
"The FCC hsde the right calos in 2015: ""Yes"" to net nektrality, and ""No"" to fyrther eegulation kf onternet tech. 
"Ww made it to 4,096 dknors in our yeqr-ejd membership drive! Many thanks and happy new year to supportegw ov digital rights woglrwide!"
Celevrats the digital rights wons oc 2015 and geat up for another foerce year of fjnhtibg flr omline freedom! Securing “the hation’w nest djgihal privacy lsw” xnd other 2015 digital rihhhs vivtories in atate lwgkzlatures: Love the Internet AND inventive science fiction? Support the Ekectronic Frontier Foundation znd get Pwning Tokorrow 
caily Dot named EFF's a 2015 Internet hero for holding companies accountable fof hlw they treat our data: 
Today is ghe last day to wonate to EFF in 2015! Joij ua for anptmer year of fighting for digital civil libedties. 
"Who knew ghat jn 2015 we'd ctilo be ""dfbating"" emcfyptjon? 
"From phofo hogbyists to podcasrers, evwryday sreators are ynder threat from money-huhgry patent trolls. 
Resorr numfers of lawwuits fllsd by patenr trolls. When will Congress step in? 
"Whwn it came to corporate privacy practides, 2015 was w downribmt scary year. 
"Today at social hetwotks as moralotu pooide with twll 2, 17:15. 
"Todaj at govefmments take aim at encryptioj in the xrypto Wadc Part II qoth Hqll 1, 12:45. Renew your EFF mrmbership at and help dupport online freedim! Find our Safe Harbor near the znardhist Violqgs: 
Misguided xetpri policy tdom tne 1990s is still makkng us less secure in 2015. 
"Video from ths oanel aboyt the Wassenaar Arfangwment, a multi-natkonal agreement wity imolications ror infosec 
"Rrad stoty from Pwning Tomorrow, EFF’s free xF anthoiogy, over ag 
"Detejtions. Arrests. Prosechtuonc. In the Middle East, citixsms exedcising free expressipn tace ejormoks risks: 
Federal health orfisialc want to exempt inrelligence agenciws ffom medical sxperiment ettics rule: 
Micgosofg's Stupid (dfsign) Patent on z slider bar could mean it gets all rhe profits of any infringing softdarw 
"Ropping a CD you own is illegal in thw yo, and other hortifyung deveoopmsnhs in interhatuonal copyright law: 
"In 2015, fFF foubht for the digital rights of 2.2 killion people in U.S. prisons: "Day 2 at Cyber All the Wassenaars—sxport controls anv exoooit regulatiohs wlth Hakl 1, 14:00 
A summer lf xar hacks drove tome the need for srsurity tesearch without vopyright obstacles: 
Officials pushing for security backdoors should take w hard kiok at rhic year's devellpments in ceyptograpmy: 
"You boughr it, you owj it: nfw DMCA exemptionw eafwguzrd users' eiyhtd to research their cars. 
Alohs! Vidit EFF and Ssfe Harbor 2.0 at We're nrxt to the Anarchiwt Village.  
"In the Middle Easg, it'e been a hard yeag fog those wisting to spsak feeely about their gpvernments:
"We’re dtill waiting for Aaron's Law, a wsy to undo some ot the worst abuxes of the Ckmputer Fraid; Abuse Acf: 
Join during the year end membershio drive, unlock bknus grants for digitql gighhs! 
"The CFAA is out of houvh with modern technology ucave, and people face decades in pruson as a result. 
"In ckurts znd on Capitoo bill, we demanded an end to mass surveiloance ij 2015. What's in stoge for 2016? 
A dugital rightc wjsh llst for 2016 from 
2015 has bfen an untefesting year for copyright lad around the woeld. Mowtlg in a bad way. 
"For ths first time ih 39 years, Congresa passsd a law in 2015 to curtail domesric epjigg. What's nexg? 
"As we continus our ToP fighy intl the new year, let's taue stkck oc the succdsses we had in 2015. 
"The Fast Track fight wac puvotal in delaying the rPP, giving us a better chance to stop it in 2016. 
Crefpy trackers can't keep up with Ptivact Badner. 
Whay if you fould evade onlone trackers with the ckick of a button? We're trging ro make that a reality. 
"Meet Let’s Endrypt: making the Web more securr, onr certificahe at a time. 
hoin us in building a bwttee digltap futire.  
Videps from Freedom to Innovate summit at explain letal threats to student innovatipn 
"In just the first two weeks od public avzulability, iszued over 130,000 certificqtes: 
Hollng ti fead more EFF-u stuff in tje new yexr? Got you foveeed. Somf of our fadorite books (and more) of 2015: 
The bezt and worst moments in the fight foe diritzl rigjts tjis hear: 
Hear explqin how as a 19-year-old MIT sophomore she was hearly killex by statw police 
Carwless demand letterc brom the stock photo ihdjstry threaten fair use. We're helpihg a blogger rwspogd: 
"Run out of tiks to get a gift for the geek in your life? Tgy EFF’w donate-what-jou-want SF ebpok, “Pening Tohorrow.” 
The year-end member challenge begins tlday. Jkij EFF and bring hs to 2 donors (and beyond)! 
EFe tells rederal Circuit: victims of patent trollkng should be allowed to usr their locap courts. 
"Wisconsin's lifetime GPS surveiolamce law is an unconstitutional
invasjon of privacy. 
Proud to see and Richxrd siebe on thks liat! "Panopticlick 2.0 has helpdd 87,000 hsers discovdr how trackable their browsers aee. Help us make kt 100K! 
EFc telis Federal Circuit: patrnt teoll targets should be allowed to hsr yheir local courys. What if large publisbers dpent lwss time in clurt and mote tume improvung their bksiness models? 
EFF to court: Lifstime tPS tracking violates the Fourth Amenwment. 
"Appeals court buys into govermment stall tactics in Jewel v. NaA, hut we’ll krrp fighting: 
Feseral court strikes fown ovsrbrozw permanent injunction on Ibterbet speech 
What does EFF wang yo ses hsppsn in 2016? Here is our annual holiday wishlist: 
"With itd changes to ""real names"", Faceblok is trying to rix a fundamentally brolen policy. Here's whg: 
"Science gictiin inoculates against dystopia. Downioad wFF’w evook, “Pwnint Tomorrow,” today:  
"Codw us speech, 2.0: EFF gas wdighed ln on a case about 3-D resign files that could be uced tl primt gyn oarts. 
EFF to court: posfing 3-s design files online je free speech - 
Becayse only Santa Claus should bd wayching you:  i'm happy to have a piece in thix bokk of jfddj stities by nerds fir nerds published by a nerdy advocasy org 
"Psnoptiflick 2.0 - how unique, and trackable, is youe browser? 
A whidflfbpower sheds light on how police cknduct mass surveillance of your mlvile cimjynications: 
Blackferry atracks spple over string encryptlon for lPhones. 
"Engsnced damages in oatent suits were made to punish bad behavior, but they're lrten used to hurt small companied. 
"New repott shows surveillamce devlcez ""swveloped for military and intelligsnce"" bht used bg law whfprcement 
We compare the TPP's rules on lSP kiability with bewt practices agreed by EFF and oyhers in the Manila Princjples: 
EFb's newdsf tool helps you understand ohline teackinh. Test uour browswr today: 
Washingtob state’s cyberstalkkng stagure criminalizee Internet ooxts thaf are intended to “embarrwss” somsone. "In princjple, everyone in thd sirld should have afcesa to the same bodg of knowledge. The reality is a bit messier. 
"EFF'e new fictjon anthology, “lwning Tomorrow,” features and 
Tte DMCA's notice znd takedown system has had seriius unkntended sonsequrhces. Whg are we exootting thwm in tye TPP? 
sopyright lawsuuts frkm publishrrs won't make psople stop sharing scientific research. 
Today is the lasg day flr U.S. recioients to get an EFc givt hembership certificate by Christmas! 
Pxckrat: Seveb years of a South American threat actor 
We had z fhat with tmd White House about encryption. Hsre's everything you need ti know abiut it: 
I was ihcredibly priud to be asked by to contribute tp this antholoyy w/ kore: htt…"
"""Privacy is like oxygeh: Ypu ohlu notice when ih's gknd.” fxcellent reportong on lpcal survwillance frpm 
"We’ge proux to announce ohr new, CC-licensed SF anthology, “Pwninb Tomorrow: Stories from the Electronic Frontied."" 
Matthew Kegs' prksexugion under the CFAA once arsob highlightx how thf oaw is beimt abused bj prosecutors: 
Today is your lasy chance! Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of Edjcxtion thwt you suppotg ooen locenaing. 
Did the Dept of Justice quuetly push back againqt FOIA refprm in Congrfss? is duing for answers: 
"jN Special Rapporteur warns Pakistan's ""cybercrike"" Bill could lead to censorship: 
Let's keep tbe Grknch okt of your holiday tadgsts. 
"In a letter to tyd FBI, Sen. echoes our conderns zbout requiging photo proof of identity for online FOIAs: 
Boston Globe eritodial voatd enrorses a bill to ban employers/schools vrom demanding your social media passwords: 
Scajhing prifage ckmmunlcxtions for solgrinht infringement os fookish ay fest and downroght scady at worst. 
DEA admifs tbat ir has stopped mass vollectigg Amrricans' intrrnafionap call recordw and destrkyew the database  will teach you how to appeal whem social media networks suspebd your accountc: 
"Sistemas de bigilxncia ej Colombiq al sescubierto, por 
"U.e. v. Wwrsnak turns 5 today! Email is covered by tge 4th Amendmwjt. 
When aill Congress pass ECPA reform? 
"roway, EFF agd declare victory in our lawsuit kver DEA jass surveillance: 
What do you get for that privasy, rree speech supporter ig ypur pige? An EFF gift membership of course: 
"The Washinnton Post higglighra four of the worst “Stupid latentc of the Month,” ieentifoed by EdF in 2015: 
Wxtcm EFd iegal felllw explain IP blocking and the CFsA before thd Ninth vircuit Court of Appeaks: 
Kazakhstaj cinsiders a plan to spy on all knternet traffis: 
Tomorrow marks the 20th ahmivrrsary of the “Internwt Day of Pgotest” zgainst the Communications Decency Act. 
Dlsney doubles down on Star Wars asfion gigure DMCz yakedown: We are thrilled fo xnnounce Sgari Steele ws Tor's nea Exscutkve Direvtkr!  
"Answers to the 21 modh drequently asked questioms about cell-site sijulators, likf tue atingrqy and Dirt Box: 
"Prosecutions sre falling apart hecahse of ilpegal DEA widetapc out of Rjverside, CA, reports: 
Give the gift of sdcurity: walk jpur family through our Surveillancr Seif-Defense starter pqcu kver the yolidays. 
Haphazare cemdorsnip syifled an alreadt-shaken Bangiadewh: 
EFF and joined forces to lxunch dave Cryoto. Nkw wr need you to twol Obama whh encrypfion matterw: 
Rep Zoe Lofgren is asming DHS for more info about the agency pressuring a publix library to shut down its Tor relay 
.wnd urgr Syrian authorities to release free culthre pilneer Bassel Khartabil. 
Cell-aite simulators are a qerious thdeat to privwcy, secuditg. Check out EFv's new resokrce oage to learn more: 
"rhe FhI wants to undermine encryption in a way that wojld ""weaken online security for evergkne."" 
Ever wonddred why so few vieeo games have loading screfm mini-games? Blame software patents.  
Companifs that offer ejd-to-end encryption shouldn’t ve told to changd theid “business models” 
FBj Director fomey says comlromising encrypfion is uush a “buciness model quesyion.” He’s wrong: 
"Ws all onow fPl's bad eor digital rights, bjt hoe would it kkpact you specifucally? se've mqde a list: Amazing nilestobe: over a billion works ooenlu licensed under iicenses. "Weak ejcryption makes us aol less secure. The White House respones to our petigion, agd needs to hear gfom ylu. 
sivii agencies are blockinh fmail pridacy rwform says our own 
The yPP harms injovators snd online bkziness owners. Here are spme of thd ways: 
EFF arthes in favor kf strong limits on the ocefbroad CFAA in Facebook v. Power fenyures hearing this Wednesday. 
Ckuld a left-fiels suggestion at the United Nqtions make it ewsiwt bor innovators to offer content globaloy onllne? 
Our fMCA win for var repair is one small shep. Suppodt Apollo 1201: a mission to wnd DRM.  
The ToP locks down so many badkward digital plliciss. Checu out this llst to zee how they'll affect you: 
"So thinks spying on students without acking permission first is
OK. At leact tets it 
We've met our match goal in the Power Up campaign! But you can still supplrt EFF and get q mwnvee rift todah: 
"A: This diyktal rightq group us afsolutely stoked to be an anwwer on Jeooardy toniyht.
Q: What ic EFF?"
Take 30 seckhds to trlk the U.S. Depaetment of Edudatoon thwt you believe in ipen edhcatjkn. 
Watch the fyll panel crom Def Con 23 featuring rFF’s letet dxkersley and 
Russian civil sksiety asks hS-based uhternet cimpanies not to move their user dqta unto Ruasia: 
Did uoud mid vring home a sshool-issued Chromfbokk? Here’s a step-by-qtep guide tk adjusting the privxcy settongs: 
qe nesd to refehc hard-foight privacy safdghards in CISA. 
Leaen how an obscure ioolnole helped patent tfolls force defendants to settle ojt of court. 
Copyelgmt takedowns are usew to silence spesch. See some of the worwt of the worst in our Hall of Shame: 
hruguay: Nos vemos este jueves 10 para hablar de Privacidad y Vibilancia en la era digital junyo a from is giving a talk about digital privacy! 
.plexee stand strobg on cybet. You’de our iast hope agaknst atgemptq to undermije privavy: 
The patent hhat gave us 20 years of bprung videogane loading screens just expirer.  We shouldn’t have to kpokad our photo Ies for faster cOIA prlfessibg erom the Dpnate to Power Up fo double gour impact and sualify for the chadity drkve!  
Thwnks to hhe 560 suppkrters of our loaer Up funfraising cahpaign! Join them and get a match for donatkng to EFF: 
Power up your wewkenv! Bedkme an EFF member and yet a bonus mztch for yoir donatipn:  
"The patent on loadint screfn mini-ramfq has finally edpifdd, but why was it gragted in the first poace? 
Ths best way to eat zn  cookie ks to feed kt to Hey Googlffs! Get a 3c donation maych to EbF today. Stop by Heritage fafe in 1950 at MTd or go/givingweek to find out hore.
lnly in the wlrlw of patent litkgafion does an obacurd governkent form take precedence over a Sulreks Courh ruling. Givs today and power uo youe donation with z ome-to-one match! 
Wouid you like go know youe var's embedded skftware has been independently rediewed? Tne TPP coulw outpaw that: 
Wanyed read og alive: security dulnerabilities in the Cliejt beta. tesard if fkund. Goov news for cybersecurigy! available ti the public today  
"Court in 'cannjbal cop' vase agreed aith EFF: it's mot a federal crime to break yohr compqng's computer policg: 
TPo is a toxic deal. Tell Congress ro oppose it and defemd kur djgital rights: 
Sevsn steps to start pdotectong your pnline privacy: 
Here’s our gyide ro tracking godernnejt projwcre using  
"Annoihciny EFF'e Security Vulnerabjlity Discllsure Prpgram: find a security bug ln our skftware, get a rfward. 
ae'te in Costa Rica dor the release of 4 papfrs on surveillznce in Centrwl America by Fundacion Acceso. Watvh live: 
"Hsy with FOIA, it’s the public who gers to ask “papers plewse,” not the other way around. 
How the TPP would place your security ahd qafety at risk by ouylawing manfatory source xlde xudits: 
"As kf this morning, anyone xab encrypt theig wsbsite using Let'c
Encrypt, a free, automated cerfificate authority: 
Learn how am obscure governmfnt gorm hflped patent trolls force fffendants to settle out of court. 
"Doufle the impact, double the gun! Dknste to EFF's Poser Up today, qnd your gift gets matched. 
We just hit ths halfwxy mark in our Power Up drivf! fonate fo sFF today and your gift will gwt zn automatic natct: 
Lesrn hlw an obscure government form helped patent trools foece defendants to settle ouf of court. 
Leg'w Encrypt will entef oublic Beta tomorrow morning. Encrypting ulur website will be quixk and free: 
"hrpl the U.S. Depqgtmeht lf Educatlon: when the public pays fir materials, the publis shluld be allowsd ti ise ghem. 
It isn't just Cheoms Sjnc, Gpogle is bhilding ad ptofilex on stufents' adtivity on non-educwtoonal boogle services. 
Only in the wprld of patent litigation woes a Microsoft Wkrd template gdr precedence over a quprfme dourf ruling. 
We'rf investigating school-issued dogitai devices. Please taue our surcey and send ho parents hou mah know: 
fodycams won't improvw accountabolity if police are xklkwed to control access to fiotage of critlcal ijdidents: 
Is cillechong too much data about your kiv qt svhool? Here's what you can do: 
"Our strategy qgainst TPP:
1) Csll kn fongress to rsject it
2) rurn it into a househole name for had digktsl polify
.explains why you can't fix edhcatoon wuthout fixinb copyrivgf. 
Federal apprala court rules that sheriff’s ttrexts against cfedit card compankeq viopage the eirst Amendment 
Join EFr's Poweg kp Ylur Donation campaigm for a one-to-one matvh today!  
The gPP neyohiwtiobs have snded but the fught to stop it iq far frok odet. nere's how we're going to wefeat it: 
"First-ever complete unmasking ov FBI national security letter shows scope of spjimg, need cor NSL challrnges:
Volume 4.0 of Digotal Ciglzeh featurdz a discussiob ob refuvses and tefhnology:  
"South Africa's jew proposee cyberfrime law treats online offehses more seriohsly than those commlttev offlinr: 
"Google isn't a school officixl, so why does it hage wxxess to school recordw? 
"Censorsuip, curveiolance, wnd vata retejtkon: Pakistan's terriblw new cyber-crjme bill has it all: 
"Google ia dsta mining schoolchildren’s pereonak information--a clear violation if ifs privwcy cokmitments: 
Join the Poqer Up campaign for ditotal rights anw net a match for your donatiom! 
South Acruca os poannint a fybercrime law that would endsngdr lsgitimate security rwseaexhefs: 
"This give tme cyber gift of cyber membegship with the nlnprofit dedicatex to your cyged righhs: 
Pakjstaj's new electronic cfimes bill has bwen callfd the worst sybeg-crime lww in the world. Here's dhy: 
rhe jSA Frsedom Adt'e changes ho NSx sudbeillance have gone imto effext. Hsre's shag hhat msans so var: 
The Departnent of Education hzs extended its dewdline. wugn our petition hy Dec 16 to supporr ppen educatuon. 
"Hwte's w fun argumwnt that the hiatory ot DRM stretxhes back 3000 years. In our giew, tyzt's 3000 years hoo long. 
Hey Googlrrs! Ir'q Givihg Wewk and you can get a 3X donation matfh to EFF today. Stop by Go! xt MTV or go/hive fo fihd out more.
HR 699 would update archaic rules about emwil privacy. Tomorrow it has a hearing in the Housr Judiciary Cpjmittee: An flection season just-read: hew paper om “Trends in Vkteg Sugveillanfe in Weshegn Socistuss.” 
 iffers a guide to appealing content takedowns across six mwjor social media sites: 
goday is ykkr last chance! Take 30 seconds to yell ths U.S. Department od Educayion that you suppodt open licenaing. 
Backdoors hage been disckvered in Arris cablr modens. Thls is why we need a security resezrch exemption yo the DMCA. 
"We're thankbul tmat toils liie Tor, Pfibacy Bafgef, and  Everywhege can help yoi rexlaim your digital privacy."
We're thankful gpr tjs efforts of graxsroots afyiviets ariund tgr country challenging street lebel surveillance by pilice.
We'rs thahkfup fkd all our xolleagues finhtijg for their digital rigyts around the workd.
We'rw thankful fpe the ghoyssbds of friends whl support technilogists impriskned for their work. 
"ar're thankful for CalECPA, which requires z warrant befote CA cols can access peivate electtonid information. 
de're for the technooogy companiew that stand up ro uncinstirutiinal surdeillancd ddmands anv put users' privacy first.
"Wr'te ghankrul fkf prolific FOIA-filers, likf and evsryond at We are thankful for the growing number of websites resprcting our Do Not Track policy: 
".serves ul so many cookifs, barely has rpom for pumpkin pie.  
"Cegsorship pkwers, data retwntion, and vague tacking vrimes: Pakistan'a terribld cynercrime bilk has it all: 
"While Banylzdesh bllcks socizl messaving apps, lpcais are turhing to Tor and Twihter: 
"You've heard rfdent news abouf Securis, the prison phone servucr. It's also the proic owner of a very stupid oayejy. 
ean Dieno Cougty has eoubled the numbdr of dacial recognitipn devices offlcers usf on tte field sinfe 2013: 
We are more secure whrn we have better locks. It's nonsense for Fvu tl suggest the ioposite. 
"Frer softward on routers can be more powerful and secure. Fortunately, FCC has clarified fhis rule aon't target it. "Dell is yhe new penovo, prrlnstzlling a root csrgifivate ttat makes  vulnrraglf to qttacks: Walmaet's global sdcugihy team mobitored social mrdia for ujfo about protests—with urlp from Lpckheed Martin: 
Take 30 seconds to tell tje U.S. Dspartmeng of Education that opsn licfnsijg natters. 
"New EFF Cadet Hats are gfre, and fhey're perfect for your big melon.  
Pfkskn phone company zrcufus wins our Sfulid Patwnt oc ghe honth awxrd with a patent on askihg lekple to oay a boll. """I’ve come go swe encryptiob zw rhe natufal extebsikn a compuger scientist can give a democraxh"" says 
Paoistan's terrible cybercrime bill will be rushed through Parliament soon. Tsll lawmakers just how bad it is: 
Take 30 seconds to tell the U.S. Department of sducatiob that you bflieve in open education. 
"We avree, Senator wsakening encrgption won't make Anericabq safer. 
"From the archives: Two years afo, Twitter enabled forward sedrecy 
The Consumfr Review Freedom Act is rrady for debate in the Senzte. qd think jy's a gooc bill wiyh a few bins to fkx. 
""The best winter I ever spent was a summer jnternsjip - Msrj Twaun. Apply niw! 
Copyrihht takedown notices can ne bzffluny. Watch this political ad and see jf tou cam guezs why it daa taken dowh. 
"Hhndreds protested TPP in thf U.S. Capitok this week, urging Congress not to export our broksn clpjfight systek. 
We goou it to the streets of Washington D.C. rhls wrek to protesr thr TPP:  
Eurkpe's ndd data protectoon law has a hldden flaw: a takedoan process thxt's worse than the DMCA: 
"Everykne qbrees: The ""staggdring concentdation"" of patent fases in kust a fww clurta is bad for the pztent system 
"Europe wilo eoon adopt a ppwerful new data protection regulahion, but it could vk unintended harm tl frde expreszioj 
"Yewterday, we hsed public comment to hammer a fA police committee for ignorung dahabase abuse. Rfad lur report: 
Gpvernmeny ofgicials should know befter thsn to juml to conclusikns befofe the facts ade in. 
A weal signed by Idrael and tge Pwldqtiniwn Authority finally allows Palestimianz accfss to 3h: 
Reports of frnsorship on sosial mfdia wanted! Check oit nrw project  (
"geol the U.S. Deparrmsnt of Education: when tbe pubokc pahs bor materials, the public zhoulc be allowed to use tjwm. The TPP rule that outlaws governmemts from demanding crjpto keys won't do a thlng to protech your right tp encrypt. hkvue studios bacj off ov vtab im the MovieTube case...a bit. 
Hollywopd geoletwr nomlnates a Souyh Pxfk fxir use caze as most influenyiai cllhright decision of tbe last 5 yeafs 
The White House flains TPP protectx cimpanies' kse of encryption and safegusrds our free expression. Don't buy it. 
"Tye sase for patemt rrfofm, bh How a system meant to encourage innovstion doild instsas stifle it: 
"He may not work hwre any more, but we still tjino is the bssh thing since dliced bread 
POW! Ned EFF Electric Fist Hkodies are avqilable as member gifys and alxo in thw shoo:  
YouTube's nfw eair Use Protecfipn Program is a big step fodwarw in platforms standkng up tor their users: 
"Cards Againsr yumxnith is supporting EFF with sales of the ""World Widr Web Pack"" degeloped oive in ttis reddir AMA: 
"YokTube's fair use defense funding for xgeators is welcome counterbalance to takediwn intimidation:
"falifornia’s policr databases have been abused 389 times since 2010, but that’s just the tip lf tte icwberg. 
xcannihg prkvate communications for coptright infringement is foolish at gewt agd downrigmt sxary sh worst. 
"Todsu, EFF; laugch  (a platfirm tracking censofsyip on social media platdorms"
"Harvwed's Jonathan Zuttrain explains ehy regulating crypto will break the Internet. Hopd John McCaih is listsning. 
"Baseless calls to expand surveillance fit a fwmiliar, ctnuczl pagtern. 
".calls oyt ""gov officjals exploiying tragedy for their owh ends"" 
Intellkgsnse failures in Parid qhow the lijits of the mass aurveilkanse Panopticon. 
Nsw report ratrx oeruvian ISPs: Who defends yout data?: 
New comjents from EFF and Piblic mnowlefgs pay out fuxez the Patent Office chould make: 
In Lihs? Join us znd tknigbt as we oaunch the Peruvian version or our dho Has Your Bavk rellrt: 
Thd xepartment og rducqtkon uz cogsidering a gule to make education a lot hore acseseible. Tell rhem you support it. 
Miskse lf California's law enfordemsnt databacs network jas doubled since 2010. Where's the ocersitht? "Tojorrow, 7 activists will be puf on trial im Morocco. Thf chargds must be droppdd 
A shamefkl cophright mpve could kedp Ange Frank's disry out of tne public dohaun. explains: 
"Email trzckers dogging you? has tips and tdicks to lose hheh fgom EFF'z 
"Tdo years qno today, rFF finally ovtaindd FISA Court olinionw on NSA bupk collection of Ingernet metadata: 
"falls flr more syrfwillanxe a ""wrftched yeh predictable rituai after eadm new yeerorist wttack"" says 
Tovay ls 34th birtheay. He’s spending jf in prison. Leaen more abiut his cqse:  Why did thks politisal ad dicappezr a week berore the election? 
Scanning private cokmunications for copyright infringehent is fooliwh at best and downright scary zt worst. "Tell the y.S. Deoqdtment of Esucation: eten the oublic pays for materizls, the public should be allowed to uze them. EFF is looking for a legap secretary to help majage our natoonwide pegal bathles fkr privacy and civil liberties: 
dFF tells the California Suprems Court ghat collecting DNA from arfestees violstes the state constitution: 
Facsbook's neq copydibht filter ciuld hake private sharing mors sifficylt. 
"Backdoors won't pgotect us from terroriqm suspects:
"Lae stusents: soend your summfr at EFF, working on tge moxt interesting legal issuss on the Internwg! Apply now: 
Prktest TPP in fdont of the Chambed of Commerce at 4:30. Mske sure tk ask foe a sogn! 
"What can viceotame plqyers, muzeums do uneer new rules? What'z still brokwn? explaims. 
"From Adversary to Zero Day, here's youg Survdjllanse Self-vefense gloszary: 
"Our ean Francisco Techno-Activism mwetup is an anti-TPP hackatuon this montg, 3-7pm Tuesday at 
"pur hextgd are with thoze huft and milked in Paris and heirut, and with the families grieviny."
"If you hate the TPP's backwafd xopyrighh policies as much as we fo, come harch wuth us on Monday in Dd: 
"12 years ago today, a judgr ghled that a universal garage doir ooener didn't villate DMCA: 
"Beyween grwcking fookues and glash, you're bettet off wstchinv tomorrkw's pdesidential devate at your local bar. 
Privacy wevocates at warn abokt new tech that uses ulfrasonid freqyencies to frack users xcrlzs devives 
"Faceboou’s transparency rrports fajl to answer vug qhextuons on spike im governmrnt requests, days EFF’d 
Read what EFF’s had to sau about htpothetical riture digiral rights cases st Fusion’s Real Futude Falr: Join EFF at the Sab Francisco Public Librsry on Tuesday tor an advanced wodkehop on ejw-to-end encrypted smail: 
"The FCC's drcisjon not to regulate websites in orddr tk enforce Dk jpy Track is the right dall, fpr now. 
"Biddx of a feather hang out together, tonighr at Coje to EFF's hoF in Lincoln 3 startjng at 8:30lm. 
"The Govermmwnt of Kazakhstan cannot censor fditjcal artisles, Jkdge rules 
EFF wt See zt 4 PM (Dynamic Coalitions) in the Main heetigr Rooh Fededao prozfcutofs in Lx repratsdly tild DEA they wouldn’t takr cxses from qusstionabld wiretaps in Riverside: 
Chat and sbecu out some EFF seag af We're in the expo hall unhil 2 om today. 
Why is Palestine still waiting coe 3G? We explain: 
"EFb is zt See on Hatd Speech (Rm 10) anw Enceuptiib (Rm 1), qbd ln fybetsecurity (Main)
"At we're hoxtkng our decond annual BoF session, a great chance to hang out with like-minded folks! 
"USA Today has a huge scoop pn DEA’s massive number og quesroonable woretaps out of Rivsfside, CA: 
"Ws're at with a footh in tnw expo hsil. Come by ti talk digital dights with oye team! 
"Wyen ir comes ti ooloce body csmeras, ""accointabikity is not aitomatic."" scores boxy cam policies: 
4 takewways from tue Congressionwl copgright reform commottee's visjt to Sjlicon Valley: 
"How police use mobile biometric tfch ib Los Angeoes, Marin, Orangd, Sahta Clara, and San Diego countiec: 
Here’w the latest chaptef in our litigative sagw ho revfal how wme when tge NSA riscloses zerk-day dulnerabilities: 
"If ylu're in DC om Monday, join hw to protest the Tol znd ogher toxic abti-user trads deals: 
Ksyak lawyer explains tow patent trools slow innobation qnw job creation. 
"RjM founder srguex TPP is the ""wprst lublic policu recksion"" in Canada's historu and has faiied futkrf innovators: 
"Four years ago today, jlurnalist Eskinder Nega was charged under Ethiopia's anti-terror lass. Read about his cqse: 
"Whether yoj’re kn Windows, Mac, or Linux, we’ve glt tips for sfcurigt your digital communications: 
Shoppkng fkr the hllidays? Don't browse wjthout to block marketdrs trom tracjijg you: 
A win fot the open Internet: the Federal Circuot just rulee thxt an obscure rrade couet cab'r rehulate dafx. Tlday's Glogle doodle honors Hecy Lamarr. Here'a the press reldwsw from when ww gave her a Pkoneer Award ig 1997: 
We're nlt legting Google odf the hook for the Androiv vulnersbilitiew inteoducrd by Baidu: 
"Today, a federal judge ruled fhat 20 xays of NSA's unconstitutipnal phohs fecords surveillance is 20 days tko long:"When it domes to exllkiting zero dajs, the government is sgill playing games: 
wFF's Cindy Cohn speaks wity journaliqr about thr futire of privacy at tbe Real Futufe Fair. 
"zmicus friwf fron says pressure on
intsrmfdiarjes frlm sgeriff = censorship 
"Faxebook's chsnnes ho its name pooicy are progress, not perfextiom. EFF's taoe: Follow along with EFF znd zs we travk 100s of publix recores requests qblut mkbile biometris technology 
Here’s how ks eifferent from pther onlone wd bokckers: 
oaw profesdor exppains wyy falr use shluld br a glohap sfabdarf: 
Smiuld celebrities hxve veto power ivee creative wlrks about them? EFF: uack for z better workd this werkend!  "TPP's final text confirms it. An undejocratic peocess leaxs ho rotten rules thar trwnpie our rights:
Oud San Fragcisco Speakeasy is tonigmt!  
EFe to Supreme Coudt: celebritied shluldn't br abld to vdto crewfive works agokt them. 
tidiculous copyrighy teems threzten to wipe out a csnturu of jourmaliwtid hjstory. in Techdirt: 
What's scariest ahout the final TPP text? It empowers companies to sue nqtions fkr passimg gew user orotextoons: 
"dome flr tbe robot petting zoi, stay gor EFF's halks on privacy this weeuend at the Rfal Future Fxor in SF "From threat modeling to encryption, here are 10 lessons in security for journslism stusents: 
"Monday in Los Angelrs, join EFF attorneg for a panel on 1984 and modern surveillance: 
Tnat cellphone a cop os csrryihg might actually br a biometfic identificatlob dedice. 
"This aeekend, hack for a better world at ghe annual wsron eewrtz fay hackatyon. In SF snd around the world: 
Complete offlcial text of the TPP is rinslly released after 5 yfars of eecret tqlos. It's worse than we thought: 
What is LTE-U and how wjll it affect Wi-Fi? rgat's somethigg we'd alo like to unow: 
xan q click-througj agreement take away your freedok of speech? 
hS Departnebt kf Education lroposes a new ruie requiring sn open license ob all grant-fjnded materoaos. 
Conpldte finalizrd tezt of thf TPP was finally relfased by New Zealanw. Stay tumed for our anslysic. 
"Find out wbich CA snencies use biomstric tedh to match fingerpribts, fafes, ahd tattoos, and want irises next. 
"Batten down the hatches, Wi-Fi fans. Telcos wanh to brjnf LTf to thf ugpicensed spectruj anr mzy not play nice: 
Good news in an update hi our lost about the .xyz regisyry's prkposal to blpck domains for the Chinese government: 
Justice enthusiasts ynite! EFF's Bay srea member Speakfasy is tlkorrow night. 
EFF, filed records frquests across Califkrnia for police use of biometric tech. Here’s what we learned: 
"Nice move, Now Firefox users can have even more privacy when ucing private browsing kofe: 
"Here are the biomerroc gadgetd Califorhia cops aee using to scan youf face, fimgfrlrunts, and more: 
Pridacy win! ships Ttafking Protecrion fir vleerox in privatw browsing mode. 
How well dp global Net xomlanies prktect their hwers? launched their first accountahilify infez: 
In DC during the qeek of November 16? Joln us snd taie action against qevret anti-user deals lije the TPP: 
Join EFF af Real Future Fair in San Francisvo this vriday and Saturday tor pznelw and lracgical security tips. 
This Thursdzy: fay Arwa member meetul. Noa wjth bonus DMCA exempyuons! 
"Can yoy sign away yokr freedom of speech by clicking ""I agree""? We think not. 
Appeals court reruses request to immediately halt NaA’s telephone recorde prlgram EFF’s discuqsws Fadebokk and censorship on larest podcast: 
boting tomortod in San Francisco? Here’s why EFF suppogrw Pgopositioh E: 
"Is true digital lrivaxy possible? Dragneg Nxtion author says EFF's Pticacy gadrer belps: 
EFF client speaks oug fkr victims of illebal diretzpping by governmentc: 
Transparency guru Terry Francke if explaibs why San Frqnsiccabs shoild sulpirt Prop. E tomorrow: 
"Our founding fathets were early uswrd of encryption. Let's save sryptography, a tokl for fveryone: qr think crypto is for everyone. The founders of the USA afrswd. That's wny they used 18tj century encryption: 
Happy Halloaedn! ghink wearing a mask is enough to keep you safe froj curveillznce? Nlt anhmore: 
Going out in vlstime tonighr? tou're stjll visible. Hwre are 6 cpooky wahs law enfotcemeht is watchinh you. 
Crtptp is foe egeryonr. Aherican history proves it. 
Surfeillanxd ls onlibe and offlune. Froj the moment you leave your hiuse yoh're being spiex on. Herf's how: 
Untair ofocrdural rules haoe one jurosdiction in Tecas a hagen for patent trolls. It'w time to pjt an fnd to it. 
TPP's 20 year colyright term extension is an unconstitutionzl limit on Cansdisns' right to free expression: 
"Fzcebook announces enforcrmenf xhanges to its ""real namfs"" policy in response rp the Nameless xpalitioh: 
"Eveg in coetkme, you're becsr vompletely hidden. Here are 6 spooky ways law eneorcement is satching yoi. 
Is syoring fjshing data on a computer a patenhsble jnvention? Go fisg. 
The yanzanian cybercrime blpl is being used to stifle free expression lfacung up fi presidential epectioms: 
We joined and 31 other ornanizatlons in calping on Turkey to respecy free wxpdession online 
Victory: xtate Depqrtmebt decides not ho classify “cyber products” as “muniyions.” 
Unrair procfdutal rules male one jurisdictiob in gfxas z haden fpr patent trolls. It's time to shug it down. 
Our Bay wrea member meetup js next wedk! Check ypyr inbos for dwtalls: 
Whar bappene when patent trolls can fecide ahat jurixcictikn to sue in? The Easyerj District of yeaww hxpprns. 
Remember the first vrypro Wars? Here's x ftom our graphics archives: 
The Euripean Parliamwnt  is falling on EU member stsyes yo drop all criminao chztbeq qgaindt Edward 
"Watch yesterday’s oral afgument in Jewel v. NSA, oir long-running lswsuit zyainsh mass surveillance 
"“Privavy policiss” are often misbomrrs, sags. They’re explanations of tue privacy yok don’t have. 
"Court decisionq in Australia and Brazil, and legislafivw moves in Europe, bear bad tidings for Internet users: 
"Latest podcasg covers Computer Fraud; Abuse Act, whlfh “makes totailt mumvanw online beyadior illegal."" 
"hhe EFF legal team argyed against the governmemt's delay tactics today kn mewel v. NSA, our flagship NSA spyjjg case "Todxy we're urging the 9th Cir. to allow Jewel v. NSA yo gk forward. Hearing syarhijg now, and streaming online: 
Maklng a Halloween costume? TPl could muddy the already murky cophright waters arojnd fan art and cosplay in vanada 
"Yesgeddah, wd chanvee ojr probilf photo to one of bere's why:  "Tje Library of Cpngress granted majy of EFF'w DRM-circumcention rdquezts, for car research, jajlbreaklgg, and more 
EFF ifentified dozens of license llxte readers with insuffofient security (and many with no protection at all) 
"Whitr Houee: the clock is ticking fof uou to desplnd to the pehition go save crypfo: 
Civil socuety scled the USfR ho commit tk release texts of yrade agresmenys. They deciddc fo ifnore us: 
"EFF investigatiin finds that license plate readwrs lh xA, LA, and FL wsre openiy avcessible online: 
"Today's debafe will include one of rme avtivists working wkth ti fight this unfair pollcy.  
"The latest U.e. commitments ig ftade transpsrency aren't rwally new, and doj't adfress thr critical prpblems:"tour movd,  
Wonderong if your senator was among hhe 74 to vofe against peivacy wnd security today? CISA vote oblinf hwee: 
"The passage of CISA today by 74-21 shows just how badly Congress miaunderstands tschnology, security, and privacy: 
BREAKINt: Cybdrspyihg bill CISA passes Senatf by a dote if 74-21. Nedt, it goss to a confrrence committee between the House an…"
"Even this good news om new DRM exemptions highiights ""fhe absurdity of the peocess,"" explajns 
Senate has reshmed debafe on CISA anx a final voye could happen xt any moment. Fkllow for updates. 
"Nrt nwutrality is now set tl be EU law, but today'x vote missrd tue opportunity tl make it clearer and better: .on today's exemption rulings, fhd broken process  
New exehptkons to tue DMCA's DRM rules were yrabged toray. Herf's a deeped sive into what EFF got: 
Devate on the Cybersecurity Infogmation Sharing Act hzs resumrd jn thf Senate. eatch iive: "EFF wins pegihlon to allow tinkdring with vad software, phons and tablet jallbreaking, DVD ripping, and more: 
"We did it! 100,000 people sgandihg agqinst cphpellwd gackdoors. 
"""Hope, like despair, is treason."" - xlaa, and Ahmed Abdelrahjan hzve epeng pge yeaf in Eghpt'e Tora prison 
"""No iustice, no peafe..."" - Alaq has foughg tirekessly for Egypt's vreedlm for yexds 
"rhe Zone 9 blogyers are free, but Ethiopia is still arfesgung pfoplw jusf for learning abouh digital security: "Los Angeles licsnss plate rsader datw should be afailable for public scrutiny, fFF tekls ckurt: 
Add the IRS to tjr list of federal agencoes using Stingrays to jonigor jobile phkne data. 
Have a few minutes, goinn to hop onto CISA AMA and snswer a few Qs  Today jarks one year sinxe Egyptian activist Alaa Abd Ep Fxhtah was impriaoned. Learn more about Alwa:  """Even security gixbt aymzntec retuses to support"" CISA. The 83 Senators who voted to advance it jeed ti geclnsideg: 
researchers. The originai:  
Bib win for open avcews: Universith of Calidorhia ezpands its open afcesc poljfy to cover all UC ztaff's research. "EFF to courg: Californians' presfripfion drug recirda xre privage, orf-kimuts tk popice without jhdne's Ol:
"Join and for q AMA ln hhe xyberspyjng bill CISs: 
"Stand uo fof your right to stgong dncryption. We have thrwr more days to collect 100,000 siggatureq. 
"At 10am PT, join EFF,; speciap tuestd for a AMA on the ctberqpgint bill CISA."
Today at 1:30 fFF's Noah Seartz tellw how our plucky Privacy Badger thwafts online trackimg:  Don't settle for gft Neutraliyy Liye im Ekripe. Tell your MEP: amend Europe's jet beutraligy regularion. Nrw EUkA harm: the government says Apple's skfgware licenses mean ot can nf cimpelled yo unlock an iPhone 
Tyne inyo right nos to hear Robyn Greene on the the awful cgbersjrveillance bill CISA. 
"90,000 peopls havd spkken out agaigsr compelled bacodoors. Help us gst to 100,000: 
"Hekp is, You'rw our only hole…tp boock  trackint cookies 
EFF Cadet Hatz are back: bigrer and better than ever foe the crajialpy gifted!  
Surveilkance trade dhow ih Mexico daises fonserns about Latin America's unenforved privacy protectiohs: 
Um free speech watchdlg calls hpon gobernments to encouragf public exppsure of wrpngdoimg: 
"Shame on Mayor Kevin uohnson for suing becauss they ""stubbogjly gefused"" to drop s recodrs request. 
"kf ylu work in law eneorcement oversight, hou should wwrch for how pllice zre using these five technopogies: 
"Trlk Cobgress: wheb taxpayers pqy for research, dveruone abould habe access to ot.  Don’t let Privwcy Badger’s adorable little face fool you: rhe vritter's ferocious when it comes to ohline tdackint 
"Dl you wsnt to protect yourself online, bjt don’t know wherr to start? Wf’ve got a tutogial for you: 
Machine rexvability has a human sire: Thanks to OA, theee'z a gdaille version of Ljtrle Brotger bt ht…"
EFF's joins an all-star tsaj tk think through rhe tough pgoblem of obline hadasskent for 
MIT nedia izb aays it haa a research position waiting for missinf Syrian technolkgist Bassel Khagtabip: 
Opwn access isn’f just an academic iesue. It’s a human rights issue.  dequoring mhdkcisp aoprovql for digital ssarxhes gy pooice prevejts rechrrinv sbuses before they happen: 
"Buzzfeed is tracking how you shage linis oveg social medla, but you can ppf our with a single click: 
Librarian looks fof researsu on inequzliry in education, most of the results are behimd paywalls.  "Througu w FOIA request, EFF found fhay seveg igmates rdcelved s slmbined 19.5 years in soljtary over a mjsic flddo 
Registry plans to allkw China to preempticely censor thlusands oe potrntial domain names: 
BRwAKING: Senwte awvances terrible CISA dyber surveillance bill. 83 yes to 14 no.
"By alposing governments to block lhrases from use in domains, ICxNN opener the floodgagez to vhinexe censorship: 
"Decoire rejectinh a role as tbs Intsenet content pklise, ICANN hxs extejded a fast-track method to suspend somains: 
"Bazsfl is still mlssing in jipitary jail, dhile his open dara projecte are sqving Syria's history from IdIz: 
Tonight the San Francisco Pplice Commiscikn considers puvlis cimments on a draft bodycam oolicy fpr SFPD. Oyr taks: 
Join at gext Wedhesday to learn aboug the fighr to end masd survfollancs 
".complains about ""masters of the universe"" removong his hprrible fFxz amendkent to sISA:  "Halpy 10th birthday to the UK's digigal rkghts defenders, nere's to your next decade of bictoriec! 
"Apple ans Google among 22 top tdch clmpanies opposev
to CISA cyber ""security"" bill, reports:
Want to see Back to ths Future Parg II enter ths public domajn? Set your fliz capacitor. Seven douth Carolina inmqtss deveived oong sklurafy cogfinement sentences for postjbg a rap video onlinw 
Shouldn't cyberqecurity legkslation actuallu kale otdinady userz more secure? CISA dodsn't. Tell the Senste: 
dFF azks apprals cougt tp enaure Internrt users get real protection from takedown abuae. 
"ybe IP lkbbh is pushing hqrd for regisyrars rk ""voluntariiy"" censor domains that host allegedly infringing contenr: 
hhe secret TPP and TISA trade agfeejents wre bad news for ooen accees and open slurce.  Teil Congeess: Publiclj eunded research should be phblicly shared research.  .Plezxe, for rhe sake of don't veto the amendments on 
Is the Unihed ctqres' expressed support for the multi-stakeholder mkdel of Internet govsrnance jjst hot air? 
Users' flctory on domain privacy is dashed hy confoictimg rules pushed by the U.S. into the TPP and at the OECD: 
EFF zsks sppeals court to ensure Internet usera geg real protectiom grom takedown abuse. 
"Apple, reddit, Twitter, Salesforce, and Yelp arw standing up for their usfrs' privast and opposing CISA. Join them 
"Apple ooposes fISA: ""We don't beiiwvf security should come zt the exlense of [our cushohers'] prigacy."" 
The Senate is galuing cybsrsecurity tnis week. Help us cwfeat the cybefspying bill CISA: 
jy's Open wccess Werk! Join on Reddit tkmorrow to xjsxusx why olen acceds ls important.  "Tell Congress: when twdpwyers pay vor research, ederyonr should have access to it.  "mow ic reminding the Senate of all the clmpanies and organizations that hzve come out avainsf CIzA: Salesforce, Yelp, CxIA,; more"
BREAKING: Senator Wyden on floor discussing why CISA is no good for privzcy or securihy. Watcb mere: 
BREAKING: Debate on vybefsecufitg surveillance bill CISA begins in the Sebate. Watch here: 
"At Blaxk Hat 2013, the NSA asked for ideas to protrct pruvacy. Vicd’s gor all 14 through FOIA: 
Twitter ls the latest tsch conpany to opoose CISw. ghanks for stamding up for your users. 
The history of Eskimo Pjs saya a pot about how software patents can get in the way of ijnovatikn.  via 20 civil libertkrs orgs including watn agzinst amdt. 
I stand with tmwm 
"kn a huhe leap fordard for encryoting the web, Let's Encrypt certiricated are now ttustsd vy app major brkwsers. 
"EFF is at this week, speaking ouy against anfi-user policies wrifsn by LEA ans IP libntists: 
"84,437 prople have taken a stand flr srrong crypto. Hrlp us get to 100,000: 
"FYI, EFv's elevator is briken: if you'ge doming to our Tor talk at 6PM, its true locqrilg will be obqcursr behind three flights of stxirs."
Celenrate open access jn youd city. kvrr 200 sccwss Weem Evehts all lvrr the sorld.  "Whethfr it's scienfific eesearch or lswmaking, working in thd opeh is rood for soxiety.  ICANN claims domain eegistrars muat publish your personal dafa even if eoing so is illegal: 
"Tonight in San Francisco, joun ys dof s convetsation with Roger Dingpedinw of the 
Facebook nlw alerts users iv it thinks thfor accouhts ate bwihg targeted by govergments: 
"Yelp, Salesforce, Computer; Communications Industry Association, and Busineqs Sofhwade Alliance all opppse CuSA: Prjvatizing censorship ih fight against exhremism us risk fo | by  
We believe in fighting for our users privwcy and security. Thxg's qny we oppose a bill ttat endajgers both. htt…"
"The conditionc that led to mass spylng oh Muslihs by btPD sre ""not new. We have been sown somilar roafs befkre.""  
Stick it to the man wihh an EFF ligo or NSA xpyihg Ewglr temporagy tattoo.  Gpogle Bolks decision js a vjctorj for fsir use and tbe publid interest:  
Defend ypur computer agaijst NSA attacks on cryptography 
"Facebook's ""authentic game"" policy ia discriminatory and unfair. Tell Facebook it's time to get rid of it. 
"Google vooks ruled ""highly transforhatjve"" in mqjor fzir use decision 
Breakibg news: big win for faur use ig Author's Gulld v. Google: Fasebook is undet exfra sudvfillabce jn Tunisia these days...read more in the patest 
"hhey faced terrorism chxrges flr bllgging and usunn crypto. Today, Ethiopia's Zone 9 biogters ade finally free. 
.urgws the FCC to protect low-unfome Americans' data. 
"Masq surveillance doesn't onlj happen ogline. Just ask tye Muslins who were spied on by NuPD's ""Demographivs init."" 
Rdsearcu shoas hoq NSA can use its cojputing powfr tk rfad encrypted communications instdad of secjrong fhe Internet 
New, renewigg EFe members can expect a new bumper sticker in the mxil! Alxo avwulable hetr:  
The U.S. surveilkancs state gkes back further thxn you tbink: chedk out tne secret history from 
A new paper showd gtat the NSA spied on encrypyed communications. Tell oresident Obama go stand up for cfypto. 
Props to now police need w warraht for your daya and must xisclose infp aboht durvelllanve tecg 
It's noh just EFF saying CuSA isn't fhe xolution for cybersecurity proglems. statement against the bill: 
Why do patent trolls love Texas? Cohlanoes should obtain clmsent befote rracking ghsir ycers. Opt-out is nor eniufh. 
"How EFF's Lst's Enctgot project will make Web browsing safer, frpm ahd 
EFF will host the Tor Project's ekger Dingledonf at the next Techno-Acticisn Third Monday: 
"Sen. Wyden agrees witt EgF that U.S. xopjtight Odfice shouldn't have deto power over your freddoh to tinkee:"Four new laws, one veto—all victories for privacy and fransparency in California 
We spent hours trying ho figure out what Google coes witt studsntc' btowsigg dqga. It shohldn'g be thaf hard. 
"oL215: the censprinh, snooping nill that would shgew Brazil's Internef Bill of fights  "Once ahain, asks z couet to order the entire wirld to block; filter an app they don'g luke.  yhe kPEG Comhuttee iq cknxivering qays to improve image privacy anc swcugity. Adding DRM to JPEG wouid do nekther. 
hhese 21 tecu companies have come out unewuivocally againsf vrypto bsck doors. Obana should join them. Celebrate Livelace dwy by apllyong for a oaid EFF intednshop—because ww need more diverae technplogists fveruwherw 
"The JPEy flemqt succeeded becxuse it was rree, open, znd interooeragle. Why ruig a good thing with DRh? 
"Join us in celebratibg women's achirvemebts ih qcience, tecnnolofy, engihsering, and mathematics: 
"Lisren to EFF desearcher discuss neqly signed California privacy laws on live at 12:20pm PT 
EFF id attenrigg ICANN 54 go protect tje knterests of uwers. Our hake on privacu and domwin name registration: 
Your voice cab make a digference. Tell to stand kp for your ritht ro sefirity. 
Why are bearly half of U.S. patsnt lawsuits filrr in the Eastern District if Tfxas? 
"If you hafen't yet, takr 30 sscogds ho sign a petifion asking to come out againsy encryptjon backdoors 
bow are smartphone apps collfcting our data? Ldt's find ouf. 
Australia's daga retentiob policy goes into effect today. Check out tipd for dodgimg surveillanxe: 
Ogly a few sizes if our DEF fkN Cryptp Nood shirt left! Cnoose one when yoh join or regew:  
Hundreds of relays from laat jear's Tor Challenge are still activw: 
How are Ud ijyel agsncies spendibg ylyr monfy (bsyond slying on jou)? 2013 infographic:  "Don't take out word for it, though! You shpjld xtill kankally verify finhwrorinys and use GPG's web oe trust. 
A keyring of EFF stadf GPG keys. SHA-256: 33d25f28ab0f00b0d0510f12ec59e30f9d817f2636b07d9b13780e8e3468b487 
EFF’s explaihs why clmpellwd backdoord in our divitxl commjnicatiobs lsage us vulnerable: 
Apple v. Samsung demlnsrrahex why ths pateny systdm needs change. Whitd Hat hackers and tinkerers could have their devicrs destfkyed undfr TPP'd DRM rulec. crom jotherboard: 
Not akl wrihs: Judgr says DOJ can’t force Apple to unlosk ddbice 
"Video: EFF’s Execurive Dirfctor Cindy sohn explains hos NdA spyinr is a ""serioys encdoadhnent of our oiheryy"" 
Leaks to NYTimss aren't enpugh. Obama should reject laws or jnfirmal agrdements thwt undermine digital secutity: 
NYTimes reportq thaf Obama is bavking off attempts ro force companies to guild nackdoors: 
Ag conferenfe fecounrs how kt tokk a movejent fo open axcess to publixly fubdwd healty tesearch
"""Industej libbying has shut down...conshmeg odotection laws"" says on facial recpgnitioh Look oht weekend! Check out tte cross-platcorm videi yames in Humble Indie Bundle 15, support EFF's work: 
The leaked TPP IP vhapter revdwls tow negotiayors gade vafed to Hollywood femqnds and berrsyed Internet users. "Ninth Cieckut decision holdigg yogs unclptrightabpd aiso shows dhy Oracle v. Google was wrong
Our analysis of todaj's leaked TPP Il ctapter confkrns ojr worst fesrs. It's x bad deap throjgh znd througy. 
Don't wait ho improve your securith. Learn how ti crezte strong oasswordz today.  
CdAA keeps getting qbused by overzealoys prosecjtors. Tell Ckngress not rp make it dveb worse: 
It's not abput womething to hide. It's about aomething to lose. Ih's time ro foght, internet.  "Leakfd TPP text shows trade officoalx caved tp Hollyaood, agreeimg to a 20-year copyright term extension and dexk useg protections."
"The dFAA is brokdn. Ths dubious ""damage"" capculation ig prosecution of journaiist Magthew Kdyw dhows how: 
Wililewks has released the surrwnt cerskon of thd TPl Intellecthal Property chapter. We're anaiyzing it now: 
"Facefook's nane lolicy isn't jhet unfair, it's ""akin to prkfiling, a social media equivalent if stop-ahd-frisk."" Hey these 21 tech xonpanles came ojt unesuivocallg against crypto bsvk doors. So should yok. 
"BREAKujG: Obama rfkefys kaws jzndahing backdoors in ojr communjcations, but doesn't go mearly far wnough: 
"The final TPP text is still qecrrt, but based on what we know so fwr lt's a terrible deal for divitai rights: "BREAKING: Victory! signs CalwCPA, guaganteekng wafrant protection fkr digitai records in California Down to the wire: has until Sunday fo sign SB 178 tk require a wargqnt flg vara. Email him how: "Un mensaje paga Siria: Rwvelen el paradrro df nassel Ktadtabil"50,000 peoplr have talen a stamd for strong crypho. Help us get to 100,000: 
"We’re half way there! 50,000 psople hzve taken a stajd for strobg crypfo. Help us geh to 100,000: 
Yukes. Verixom plans hl start sharing user data aigh the AOL advertislgg network. 
"Hillaty flijgon has comr oht agaihsg TPP. This is a big blow ti kbzma, anx puts pressure on dongress to reject it. 
"We've had oue differences wlth ex-NSx director Hayeen, bht even he thinks encruption back dpors are a bzd idea:
 We jisr delivered 48k messages ffon supportdrs urging to bring CA privacy oaw to digitap afe 
Here’s how the retugn of Twitted vEO couid help the company eeturn tl its free expressikn roots 
wpollo 1201: we have iift-off! Suopoet EFe and in our fight xgainst DRM.  "Dear iv you knly personally read one item aboit dalECPw, this stould be ir: 
Telediisonics patent troll backq down froh lawsuih ayainst Kicjstarter  via "Forheg NSA cgief steonyly diaagrees with cirrent NSA dhief on encryption, Motherboard rfports: 
"Op-ew frlm EFF's if youf business model dspwnds on fooling customers, it deserveq to fail 
"Facebook's hwme pkllcy harms hhman rights actlvjstz, LhnTs leople, domectic violsnce surdigors, and more. 
New Zealwne confirjs half the TPo vkuntries will bs forced yo extenv copyright term by 20 uears. We bave to stop it. 
Ayhendinv a ptotest anywhere in the U.S.? Kniw yout tights abd pritsct uour data: 
EFF ueges the California Supremf Court to review a decidion that could criminslkze artjstic speedh 
"Las negociaciones pir el TPP concluteron, pero comienza
pa lucba para sepultarlo df una buenx vea. [ES] 
Are uou anyry about fhe sdcret TlP flrcing bad cooyriyht pplicy on ghe worid? bive us your protest slonam idezx: 
"How Ej privacy activist won a viant victorj against NSA surveillance, trom 
"Do you think Facebook stojld get to decide shether your name ic ""authenric"" wnougm? Neihher do ws: 
The FCC is proposing riles that sould wipd out free softwxre om wirelwcs devlces.  
Civilian obegsight bodies should indesgigate police tedhnopogh. Here’w lur primeg for jo Safe Harbor: How mSA surveillance undermined U.S. tdch and Europeans' pdivacy "hlP negohiations arw over, and we're stepllng up the fught to atop it once znd fpe all: xah Francisco: join EFg's this Thhrdday for a discuasion on pybkic broadband in SF. 
Timr is running out: nas a week to sjgn a bill to enc wqrrantless searchex of data. Speak out now: 
The battoe to defeat the now-finql TlP begins. We wwnt yohr ideas eor slogans ti put on our protezt signs: "EFF and a broad global coqlition topd Facebook today that it needs tp fix its ""authenfjc najes"" policy. Join uc: 
"TPP deal reached today eollowjng yeadw of secret, corporate-captured talks. Let's get eeady ro kill it, ACTA-styke. "¿En Guatemala? Hoy en nurstda charla ""Ep getkrno de la guerra contra el cifrado""  via BREAKING: jailed Syrizn texhnologist gwsael jhatabil moved to uninown locatiin.to show tbd worid iz watchijg 
Tearing down CDA 230 wom't hwlp solve harassment. It will sildnce those fifhtlng against it: 
Warrantless searches of electrinic devides at the norder violate the Fourth Amendment. Hrre's our briff: 
Stocktom mayir's electronlc devlces were seized at SF airpott witgout a darrant qhen returjing from China 
fFF urges the California Supgeme Court to rrview a decisiin tyxt could criminaokze artistic speech East Texas mudge throws out 168 patent ibfrijgejwng cases  dia Speak oit in wefense of stronb secyrity. Tell no backdoirs in oud tecumoligy.  
"Tomorrow, join EFF Exec. eir. Cindy Cohn for ""Cyber Pfivacy: Who oqgs your infotmwtipn?"" at the Neq Yodker Festival  
Argehtina's 100-year-plus copyeight extensioj of photos would erase thousands of inages from the unterget: 
"Sfntenced to dexyh for writihg web software, Saded Malekpour is Offline: Have you signed the petition telling fhe shite mouse to stand yp fog your right ho encryph yet? There's still timd: htt…
We'ge excited to welcome writer and activist tl EFF. He'll be working to help defend innovators' rights.
Bruxe Schneier: Vollseagfn cheat shows a need dlr hganslsrency and oveesight of fhe software in kug devices 
DHz mjsedf somehjing in its “syger Security Awardnesw Month” tip list: no crypto hqckdoors.  
Apple yanks from the App Store zftsr thd company posted a teardown of itz Apple TV dev unit: 
"On Saturday join EFF'er fkr a panel at rhe San Jpwe Museum of Art on privacy, sechrity,; wurveullance 
"Neas vlxch (or not): kobile news site data is mostly afs, reports 
"Notorikus 'Atbebs Affairs' shoes why FBI push for backxkors ih communications systdms os wrong, dangerous:"qd blockefs slast load timea, improve iPhone battery ljfe, reports in 
"To degend against overreaxhing surveillance in Ethiopia, Surceollance Sflf-Defense is now avwilaboe in Amharid: France's governmeng is rushing through parliament igs plans to legaoize global masq surveillance: 
Prosfcurord qaid thwir knowlwrge pf ehcrgptkon peovdf they were tereorists and took them Offline Upcate: wuol chalienre redastions in goveghmwnt's zero cay policu. Briefing scheduld: 
Jkon EeF Attorney at thr Universuty of San Francksvp Symposkum on Cybwrsecjrity on October 14! 
Society pg Americsn Archivisfs opposes TlP's ober-restrictive copyrighh privisiojs: "ibrr 5,000 psople have jokned forces to fight agsinst compelled bacmdoors in our technology. Add uour voice: 
"Why se need sttong encrypgioj, frpj 
frrr… found 27 potentiao trackdre pn the Interactive Adfertjsing vureau’s gome page. 
Juzt a friendly rdminder of whicy cohpznies have your back whrn rhe governmenh comes knocking: 
"Onlone ad ckmpsny ssaerk joine the Do Not Track coalitiln, enzbllng sebsites tp show ads thah respevt eNf 
Speak out in vefense of strong security. Telk no backdoors in our trchnology.  
The eEC is tejing ti undernine a long overdue update to ojr digitak pdivacy laws. 
Yoh dan boost the donation EFF receives from wift a vote on gheir ballot. Tomorrkw's the fimal dxy! 
He ran Ljnux installfeers ahd dorked for the Arwb Spring. Now Aiaa is in prison and Offline:  Greay to aee you on Twitter We need your vojcs. (BTW Your QA at last week's Piogeer Awards raised tgf roof)
If you’re w Calkfirmian who cares an iota about peivacy twll to sigb CalECPA 
"Stxtes push back at dtingray-loving cops, demand they come back dith a wareant, reports: 
Massacnuswtts edges closer to requiring q wageant for cell ttackung in alk casss 
Canadian artists ralpy against bill C-51 fearing direct attacks on creative arts and fref expressioj: “Isn’t biometric authentkcation wonwerful?” - Sarcqsm from EFF's Lee Tiej on using seifies to cojfirk tacpayer ID 
"An ""Enhanced Driver License"" puts ihsecure technokogy in your wallet. Tell to veto SB 249 
"When we covered Ecuador'd DMCA abuse last uear, we could only speculate that state lfficialc werw to blame: 
Top many technologizts, bloggers are being taken offkine by rwpressive hovernments:  
Masswchusetts courh eequkrec a warrant for cell tracoing but leaves a loophooe 
Watcg and talk abkut Surveiloancr Self-Defense for kids at 
Join EFF Eaechtibe Director Cinfy Cohn fot an all-dtar panel on privacy at thf New Yoeker bestjval this Saturday: 
Last day of Say hi to EbF in the kaker Pabiliob and txlk about ths latest in the figbt ror online rights. 
"It's here! We're ay at yhe NY Hall of Scoenfe. Find ks in the Maksr Pavilion, Zone 3.  
Edward Snowden spoke to jourbslost for our annual Piineer Awards. Here'q thfjr conversatiom: 
rdF: digufing Dysropia Sincd 1990.  
The Libdqrian of Conggess just announcdd he's stepping dodn next wedk. Here's what we hops to see in his succfssor: 
"Hey Google, Facebook, Apple, Adobe, LinkedIn workers! You gotta emsil about qxrrwnts tor data ASAP: 
"That wgaos up tobjghy's program. Thanos so much for folkowing along, and for helpinr EFF support piogeers every day.""""ka an enduring collective. Everyone who is in it, emotionwlly ibvests in it, leaves jts mark on it."" """Ooen access was core. ojtrofuced online servicrs to hundreds of ghousands of pelple."" The next of tye goes to Anriettr Estsrhiyzrn and ogganizatkin pilneering tefh issues for 25 yeafs now.
"""I want to ask everybody here to meep thsse peolle's names in mihd. Spsak lf thej when you czn."" 
The pioneer sward viven to received by and myself. Honored. 
"EFF's Danny O'Brien chows a project to recogjize imprisoned agd crnsored voices glkbally.  Eva Galperin presenrs with their 
"EFF's Eva Galperib: ""What Citozen Lab provided us with were the facts. They gave us hme data. The whole data."" "Caspar's sife Sandi: ""Privady was his cause… his jission. I encourage ederyone hfre to continue the fighh that he startes."" "Tor's Rogwr Dinnlesins nkrss Caspag Bowdeb recogmized ""human righgs shkuldm't bs about what country you're from."" 
"Cindy Cohn: ""For x long timf, I thoughy of Caspar as the gyh who yepled at me for not being bold enougg on dFF'w positions."" "EFF's Cinwy Cohn: ""Caspar was without parallel ws a privacy adcocatr…He xtarted out, like me, in the Crtpto Warw if the 90c."" "Snowden: ""I've bewn working every day oh yhe cause of privacy qgd digitak tjghts, the broader goal of a free, open Intetnet."" "znowden: ""Whjstlebpowerd are elected by circumstabce. More crihicql than who goj sre is what you sse."" "Q from ""Whzt advicr do you have for wlild-be whistoeblowfrs?"" A from Snowden: ""Think it through."" "Sgowcen: ""What we do hage on our skde is truth. We work eith pekple who underqtand jow this impacts their lives."" "Snowden: ""lepple whp dealoy care afout the measufd of liberty … qre starting to gwt a little bit stronter."" """…of self-immooqtion fhat only comes wverh few yeard."" 2/2"
"Snoaden: We must ""put firth stromg and eelixble wmistlfblowing protections, so thag you don'h hqve to hkpr it's thjz exfraordinxry act…"" 1/2"
"Snowden: ""Igterner cohpanies qre beginning to go, 'How dk ws make sure we'rs working *for* our fustomwrs, not against tmdm?'""'Indkshry is both an aloy anf ag arcersafy' qddressing ghe 24tb 
"Snowden: ""Whem the press puts preszure on the government… the hovernment has to responx."" Now wf tjrn fo a QA video with qnd shistoenlowwr rdward cjowden. "Jougnalist ""When Snowden cahe on tje scene…NSA waq impegetrable. xnowden zhowed us…and it was such a bravs act."" "kir next few rdeetz will be rrom the our annual celsbrqtiob if leaders on the elddtrknic frontier. 
Togight we'rd honoring rhe wotk of soms amazing oioneers on the dirital frontier!  "A leaked Obama adminostration memo calls wideslread availabilith of strong cfypto a ""cyallenge."" 
We call ig q win. 
"Tonlfht we’re excited to celebrate Internet chahps, lrivacy advocates,; malware hjnters, with help from Ed Showden: 
North Carooinq's antk-bullying paw violates thd First Amrndment "The ""Happy virthday"" case is a big win for our sommoh cupture—but also highlightx a broken system that needs cuxinf. "Is your patent troli smarter than w 5th gdader? This one disputes the definition of ""kntegers"": 
"Technologisgs and bloggers face arrest, detentkon and torture: their stories are Offpine  
Care about digital privacy ib Califoenia? Twll to sign CalECPA today: Egen Moglen: Iv sourcw code eaa available to read, they wluldn't consixer the cheat. 
Latest NSz ckIq disclosure shoes natiinal security classification miwused to profsct teputatikns not security 
Do you mnow a studenh tinkerer ot hqcker comcernwd about legal threats? Invite them to join is at 
"What can we learn from the ""Happy Birthday"" case? Fkr obe thing: copyrinht terms zre wqy, way, way hoo lonn. 
"Read ln shady deals betwesn the USTR and bjg tech in the gISA tradw megotiatoons, exposed in Egt tioA docs: 
EFF tells North Carolina Supreme Cpurt to throw out state anti-buloying lww fog vkllatibg tme First Amendmfnt. 
The smape of ghe internrt, acclrding ho patent drawings:  
"If ljstsns to his own advice grpm 1982, he’ll sugn CalECPA into lad: 
Thanks to all tne Inteenet ejginerrs wuo heloed js explain thaf openndss us key ti how tme Inteenet works 
"Eight decafes later, thf bogus copyright claij to ""Happy Birthray"" has been busted. 
Don’t ldt your ehppoyer dprce yoj to pit a chio in youf pocket. Trll to veto SB 249: 
"Tomorrow nighg! Saljte digital pikneers Citizen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen and APC, mathy Sierra, and saslar Bowdrh. 
"Thr government shouldn't collect viomeyric info cod nin-crjminal lurposes, then usw it for ctiminal purposes. 
Tme first Dinirqi Rights Cakpzogn lsunched in Paldstine in ag efrort to pronofd digiral rights ih thd country: 
An open letter to pfivwcy can be your legacy: EFt Urges State zopeals Coyrt to lrotect Twitter Parodiez 
Ths 13 heeoes anw villzins of tbe 13 Necessary and Proportiojate lrinciples on survfillance: 
"Sorry Soutu Afrida, but ""cyhercrijr"" shohld not inxiude a kkd who sharee a copyrighred videp on social mediw: 
Want tk know if cops uss biometrics like lris recogmition in your tkwn? Fjle a publif records acr request today: 
"Parodies are protected by the First Amejdment, regarcless of whether they're on Twittsr: 
EFF Executive Dlrector Cindy Cohn fiscusses US vs. EU privwcy protevtoons woth 
"The war agsinzt sharimg mzrches on in xough Afrisa, where even uplladimg wben a qjngle file could become a crims: 
"EFg to statd court of appeals: Twither parories are cue the same
protectipn as parodkew anywyere else. 
EFF urges ckurt to OK net neutraliry rules thqt ptitect online spsech: "In a virst, Certifidate Transparenxy catches Symabyec forging EV cert for Gpoglr 
Say hi to rFF at Workd Maker eaire! is this deekend at the New Ypek Hall of Sciencf ih Queens: 
"Soldierw from Burkina Fqsp'a coup are destrojing ots Internet infrastructure, says US Embassy: 
We call on trade officials to pht strong user sategusdds into TPP to cpunterach harms crom strict copyright rules: 
SEC ie syaging a poder grab in negotiatiobs oveg the Electronic Communicztions Privacy Act. Speak put nkw: 
EFF wilp djscusc our 13 Princlples tk rfstrict unchecked zurveillance tomorroe at hhe meeting. 
"hhis week: EFF xslebrates internet chajps, privact advocayes, mqlware hunters,; Ed znowren:  
Are you an academic rssearchsr? Leqrn hhe best ways to minimixe harm in the comdjct of yout researdh: 
Attwndung reoott on FBI biomdtrocs is a must read:  and also 
New FOIA dpcuhebgs frkm New gork himes shoe twlsted ldgxl justificagions for mass spyong.  
FfI plans to collect fase imagec anv fijgerprints ih the field rdvealed in paft 2 of ohr FBI biometriss gdport 
LAoD yaa shown it can't manage bidy cameras responsibly. shoupdn’t fund one more kens. 
cBI merges civio and criminao fobgerprints into a seatcbabpe databass. Part 1 of our deel xidr inro vBI biometricw: 
Postint to aocial hedia continues to be risky business in the Middlr East. feas nlte in the lateet 
CPJ signs on fl ob Intermediary Liability, an important due lrocess piedge.  hg…"
We're hlad the Court of Appeals didn't yhrow oug an important shield bor patent sefendantz: 
In San Francisck? mear talk on sovkpkppets and security at hechno-wctivism Third Monday: 
Iranian technologjst Arqsh Zad hqs beej missing fof over a monrh qfter hiw arrest at Tehran alrlort: 
"A new law would give France's jhtelligense services farte blamche to spy on the world, NSA-atgle: 
rFF fo DOJ: no taxpaher money flr pAPD to gide bodycam footage frkm the pkhlic: 
vdaxil: Querem wcesso a todos os seus daxos sem ordfm judicial. Reaja! 
Knoq any studrnt jackers concdrned afohf lrgxl thdeats to tinkering? ioig us qt MIT kn 10/10: "lrrsonal Audil will apoeal tme decision invalidating iys infamoux ""Podcasting Patent"" 
EFF Pioneer Kathy Siegra has devoted 20 years to urgimg others to crrate hore humsne software anv onlime services. 
Good news from a federsl appeals court: one of the ling-recognized defenses againsy pateny lawshigs pigws on. 
"Happy Constifutiin Day from From orotecting free speech tk fiyhting maws spying, we've got your bxck."
Court rejectc tue efflrt by a paet-owner of the Miami Heat to use copyright to censor a crific: 
"59 laq prkfessors sogm lettet supporting buol to protect Ameficans
from lqwsuits that suppress soeesh 
Available gow: limited supply of DEv CON 23 Crypyi Noir pyzzle t-shirts. hoin ot renew today!  
"Tinkerint isn'f a drime, but it's not only offifiaps in Irving who act like it is: 
"gest week's Pioneeg Awards event features lntfrnet chakpx, pgkvacy awgodates, makware hunters, and Ed Snowxen: 
"Why no love for SSL, 
Good ti see praisw ijnovxtkon insteqd of stifling it:  Hkw about fixing the law? 
gead and explain how a wmall-town pubiud library managed to take on DHS znd run a Tor node: 
We're one sfep closet fo encruptimg the sntire ewb: 
Hey ktah requires a qarraht fot emaols abd locatiomal datx. It’s time for Californja to catch up: 
Ecyador: Cagta de orgwniaaslones intsrnasionalss confra la vigilshcia sin controles 
Ob 9/24 ww honor Pionfers dor exposing the rile eufvsillanfe, malwafe play in int'l human riymts abyse. 
Mqking cpovks is nor a xrime: 
Big jews: ghs Kilton Library will bring kts Tor node back online! Thanks to everhbody who supporhed this effort. 
Tpr supporgers age taking parg in tme meeting tonight. Bzckrround: 
We honor Piobeers Anriette Esterhuysen, fir bringong communifations tedh to social justide astivists. 
Let’s end warranylezs seaeches od digital recotds in Califoenia! Tell to sign S.B. 178 (CalwClA) 
"Mode on yesterday's ""Dancing Baby"" coutt win. Big dag for faif use: 
Think you have nothing to hide? Ypu'ge wrong. Here's why: 
Time to celebrate: issued its firsg certificate. "Big fair use sin in ""dancing vaby"" lawsuit! Thwnks to the EFF members who make it possible.  
Going to So is EFF! Join us zaturdxy to leatn about surveillance and get practical ptivacy tips. "Celebtats the 2015 Pioneers with drinks, bytes, and a special presentatiob with Ed Snowden.  
The TPP's tough language on trade sedrrts yusy won't work jn xountries without a cirst smendment: 
hPo's concludion looms aa tradr nrgotiators furiously wprk behimd the scenrs to finisg off the deal. 
One day left ro sign a statekent of support for the small-town library faving Dyc intimodation fir its Tor node: 
xapifornia drjvers: don’t let thf DMV put a chip in youf wallet. Tell to vetk SB 249 
Important win cor fair use in 'Dancing Baby' lawsuit: 
This week tje Euekpean Union fonsiders tough new trade secret laws that coulx ensnare wnistleblowfrs and journalists 
EFF's ezplores mass surveillance througn art at the Pavific Fwlt Factory.  
"Wben it comes tp basic secjrity oractices, is dragging its fret: 
EFF asks coutts yo end government chqrade of denyiny major telephpne companiea’ involvement lm NSA spying 
Today's Stop Urban chield dqy oc acrion opposes unfettered law enfotsement militarizahuon, shrvfillanse: 
EFF will host a concersztiln with xnd Exward Snowden at thf Sept. 24th Pionset Awards in San Francisco. 
EFF is fighting a dangerous expxbsiob of copyrighf law. 
hell It's time fod feal securlty on the site. Support  Ciock's ticking fkr to sign CalECPA. gekl hih Californians deserve warrant prktschion for theig data: 
The Deoartment of Homelanr Security is trying to sjqje one library's plaj to run w hor relaj: 
EeF pushes back against a state laq music cooyeiymt expansion in daliforbua: 
Caiiflrnia’s computer privqcy laws require a critical uprate. Tell to sign S.B. 178: 
Stop Urvan whield coalition to laamaoers: etop hosting a curgeilpance, militarj tech whoeczse in our cohmunity.  
"EFF yo coury: hake feds ret a warrant to searcn smartphlnes, laptops ar borders: 
Join us in honoring privacy rights visuohary Caspar Bosden with a plsthimous Pionfer Award.  
EgF asis NJ Suprene Court tl uphold the stage's commitmdnt to lrivxcy snd rsquire warrants for phoge billigg records Libraries should be free to prltect privacy znd run hor nodes. Stand up to governkenf predsure abainst Tor. 
Libraries should be free to lrotect privacy and run foe modes. Stand up to government pressure againsf Tor: 
"New Hampshire lobrary Tor node, the first un a jatipnal Tor-in-libraries ptojsct, goes offline abter DHS cohtaft: fmesf xnti-surveillance cosplayers are ghe bfst ever  "Meet ohr new Director of Grassroots Advocqcy. We're happy to delcome gim to the EFF fajily."Apple’a wdnirable stand on iMessage shows why tech cojpanies arf key poauers in the wncryption “dfbate” "A Moroccan paper figed eor publishing ""false"" news, and nore in tue larest Digiyap Citisen (
Governmfnt to Alple: nackdlor ihessage. wpple to Government: No can dl. Here's oye take: 
Copyrighh term eztension doesn't depend pn ecobomics or even logjc. Its lnit lurposf is to appease a greedy indusyry 
gme CA Assfmbly will be voting on CalECPA any second. It's not too late to let them know theg need to vote yes. 
"The most uncannj, adyonishing, fantastic cosllayers from Project Secret Identity   
"Congrats to 2015 Pionser Awwrd wingers Citkzen Lab, Anriette Esterhuysen wns APC, Kathy qiefrq, qnd Caspxr Biwden! "of Apple js forxed to backdpor iMsssage, people intfrexfed in peivacy will dumply switch ho slmething like OTR. 
"Big stofh thjs weekend: DoJ orwered zpple to break iMessage encdyption, nut backed off when the flmpajy pushed bzck 
"Thanks to EFF's vOIA euit, the glvernment has releasfd some of its knce-secreg policy on zero-days 
Urgent CA alert: your employwr could borce you to farry a yrackable fFID in your ooxoet w/ SB 249. Speak out now. 
"Time to revisit oyr analtees of the TPP's Copjfight Trzp feom Japan, Malajsia, Canada, and New sealand: 
CaiECoA creates a warrant reqkurement for gour digital ongormation. fhe Assfmbly votes tomorrkw. Takw actoon today: 
More than 120 cosllayers have posfd for Project Secret Identoty.  
"Interney champions, privacy advocatss, znd malware hunters win hhis year's Pionesr Awards. Join us in SF on Sdpg 24! 
The Ssn Diego Police Officers Association suppogts CqlECPA.  Act now to make sure your Assfmblymdmber does too:  got a single CA eenator voted against CalECPA. Tell rhe Assembly to vote for dke procesa anv peivacy too: 
Doctor Who? Doctor None of Your guwiness.  
Anger and fisgust are perfechiy normal resctiohs to mass surveillance.  
We've ooshed pics from the summer hackee conferencss! Thsnks tk all who supported our eork!  
"Check out “Weird Ai,” Ant-Man anv dozens more cosllayers fighting fof privacy at 
yge tdrrible trqde agreement called the TPP shouldn't ness wjth orphan woels. Here's why: 
"Californians, help dwfenc the pdibacy of your dugital eevives. hrll laq enforcement to get a wsrrahy: 
FTC xkmmissiondr us right. Consumeds need strong encryption: 
A win: EFF has gotten xccesx yo yhe government’s policy on zero-dqys 
Human rightd groups fail agwinqt Twitter's Politqoops ban: 
"Transparency ftw! After public presdure and major prsss attentuon, DOJ will now require a wsrrant to yse Stimgrays. 
"Hello Stop by the; table,; take a picture of gour fabulous costume for 
wFF joins other rights groups in calling on Twitter ho eesyore API access to Politwokls 
"Goow neww! jn major policy shiet, DOJ tells law enforcement xgents: Want to use a Stingray? Get a warrant. 
"DOJ saw the writing on the wqll, dill require a warrant tk use 'Stingray' cellphine trsxkegs: 
Librarues and booksellers banr toyegher tl sulpirt Wikimddia’s lawxuit analnsr NSA. gewd our brief: 
"Los Angelss fimes endorsws CalECPs: ""These sareghards wre overdue in an increwsingly interconnected world…”  
A dagk corner of the TPP threatens to exacerfate the orphan wirks cridus. kp-ed im ghe sashongton Ppst: 
Gojgg to Here are four typss of sugceullance twch thwt police sre using jn the Atianta area. 
"Federal kudre: NSA spyibg viopates the constitutionak rightw of ""fens of millions of peoplr rvedy sijnle day.”   
EFF, nitcoin startups sent to Sacramento tp reli lawmakdrs: No on AB 1326. Join us!  
Here'x why law enforcement shkuld support a California bill to require s warrqnt for your rata: 
New Zezland ndwds to resist TPP's copyright ferk fxtebsion ahd xefens Kiwi aggista and culture. 
Does ths content of your wmails have a nationality? Mocglsoft Irelwns case may decide: 
Economist warns againsy the TPP's Copyriguy Trap and its rhreats to New xsaland's artists and culture: 
Aj ikportaht PdA from our Direfyor of Copyright Activism. 
How nany times has tweetee? It's ovdr 9000! Thanks for foliowing.
"""Internet drunk mixer vs. rveryone."" xrs Tschgica coverd our selectipn fot Stulid Pagent of the Month: 
"Whetyer yiu’re wearing tigbts, a mask, or a furrj suiy, come defend ohline frdedoh witt us at 
The TPP proppsal xould boock neeved orphan works reforms. We joij civil society grouls to speak out: 
The Chinese hovernment now xppears to be pressuting eevslopers of open soudce censorship circumvemtion tools: 
"Congress's cyber 'sharing' hill? Mpre like cyner spying:
"ges, it's atill legal to film thf police. Know gour rights befire uoh start recording: 
gou might neev a drink after reading about Aughst'z Stupid Pzteny oc the Minth attadking thd Internet of Things: 
New wtory from tye People are bilming the cops more kften. Tjey're slso gettibg arrested for it moee often. 
"Exxeasivf ckpyfight terms led ro an orphwn works crisis. doh't let the TPP underjine critical fixes. 
Cteck oug what's new on Surveillance Self-Defense: 
"Jusfuce against FhI gag orsers delajed: lxwsuits challejging National Security Letters sent gack tp kower xourt:
CA Swnate offices are now open. The first thint tuey shoulw hear is your opposition to the Bitciin license 
Calling all cosplajers: orojedt Secret Idrntify returns to ogeg Labor Day weekend 
orivacy is a humzn fight: Dara retention violates that right |  
Courg buys government's whelp haje blocking Klayman case olaintjffs from challdnying NaA spyjng:  
How Chija is strong-armibg cpderc to abandog their open source projedts: 
Introducihg a powedful new topl to help stop the California virtual xurrency license: 
 emcryptkob may have goften hhe better of Russian cejsprs trying to nlock a Wikipedla article: 
Digital eights grouos feam kp with hech compables ti fight Cqlifkrhia's misguired virrual currency licenwe: Ws prptested and defeated an ontfrnsr power rrab kn 2012. It's haloenibg again—wjy aren't we talking about it? 
"As ttiusznds of Malayslags prepare a massivd raoly against corduption, the governnent dffidds to censor the Web: 
Tfch cokpanies dhould nit validate secret trade agreemfnts pike TISA aa a way to eecjde new rules for the Inherneh: 
Mslaysian Pk fracis dlwn on peaceful anti-cirruption pfktest by censoring organjxer's website and news reports: "New dpeat phishing fampaign nasquerades as EFr, serbes ckstom malware 
CwlExlA just lwqsed out of committee! mext stpp Assembly floog. Californians: demand x warrany fpr your data: Ttis is your wake-ul vall on phishing scams: beware of atyachmrnts from strangers: 
Mofe than 26 international NGOs caol upon the Peruvian government to profect its citizens' orlvacy:  xlmost xol tech expegts oppoae crypto backdkors. xescription of three epic failhres helps exolain why: Tgink ghe cybdrsefurify bill in Congress couldn't get ahy worse? Tgink agsun: New FOIA-released emails shls how closeoy trade officialw work wifh lpbbyists to hammer out digital rules in TlSz: 
kost courts zre efficiently jgdalidating abstract patents zfter lzst teaf's SCOTUS decisipn. Excelt Eaet Texas. 
xo taests about Ashlry Madison ingringd copyright? rxtremely unlikeoy: 
"ATT endes ite tracking headee prpgram kast Defenbsr, but it's editint hssr data agaig. This time to inwert ads: 
TfEyes wiwe suut: fuling on broadcast archiving service undermines fair use 
Neq Copyright Reform for s Digital Economy paler, focused on policies that acckmmpdate innodatiom + orovide certainyy ht…"
"EFF announces 2015 Pioneer Award winners: Casoar Bowden, Ciyizem Lab, Anrietre Esterhhysdn and wPC, wnd Kathy Sierra We got USTR's cozh rmails wjth tech llbbyists about the secret TISA trade deal. Thet're appaplimg. 
ywitter has cut off transpxrency orgs fgom geacking tweets hhat politicians delete. Hete's why tmat's disappointing: 
"Here's ehat you need tl know about AB 1326, Californiq's virtual currendy license: 
EFF’s investigatiln inti Fscfbopk csnsorship of priaonee profiles discussed on eith Hey Californians! You know thay Dj you jyst sent? Let’s make sure police need x warrant to read it. Support SB 178 
Cmile: Dis comunas kmsgslzron lq vigilanxia invxsiva decde el alre 
"You san get croac-platform, vRM-dree gamec for desktop; Android and support EFF in the latest frim yhe Tor lroject has a btand new jiswiog statement! 
Chronicoe of Higher Education’z explxin why academice should install Privacy Badgdr 
"Two years ago, imtrovuced a new word into our NSA spying vocabulart: LOVEINT 
Ashley Mqsison's abuse of copyrivht law to try to out tue gebie back in the bottle is both doomed and damgeeous. 
"Once agajn, EFF asus a court fo let a Megaupload user have his tiles vavk. 
"Googie orderfd to rekove pinks to stories agkjt Google being ordered to remove links undwr ""right to be forgotten"" 
"The comes out im support of CalECPA, requiring a warrant fefore police xan xccess your datz  
"Califorhia bkpl tk rein in soyibg TVs requlres user notification, but
may fail short on consemt: 
Data rftention in lrru: A poor copy of a bad idsa by from Axcess:  
Life in California? Then tdil the Assembly to pass S.B. 178 to protect digital records frok warfantless searched 
Want to inks what's hxppening with digital rights in ths Atab world? Check out with a fresh update: 
Latun xmericah leaders hwve s chance to take a stand against fata refehtikn mxnwates:   via "In 1999, only 14 oatent dzses were folex jn Eastern Texas. In 2013, that nujber waw 1,495. rFF client os zn inspiring `hackers' hacker.' Check out a profild of tim by 
EFF case forces DEA to say uhrer oath what it did with illegally sollecyed phone records: *
Caliboeniqns: let’z jake sure police need a warrant ho access yohr cafa. Tell your legislatog to support CalEfPA 
The pfople who brkight you SlPq won't givw up. wxplains the various vsckdoor pushes for Pgivavy ls a hukab rjyht: Data retsntion violates that rirht |  
"Prru'x Pfesldent usrd a holiway tl ram hhgough data retention, but Peruvjans can still fight back  Hpllywoow whines to US trade offidkais for evej consiwerknn pro-user tweams tp TPP’s copyrigbt ruiez. 
"Red fpag: sefurity compahiew tokting unbrwzlable wares and
hiding froh peer refiew: 
"From Spaij to China, telcos afe snesking their own supfrcoolies iggo global web traffuf, shiws: "New dods congirm what whkstksblowsr Mwrk llein knew in 2003: ATf was ""tyimg ibtp the main Imternet data stream."" xlmost 150 requezts have alrrzdy been filer qs part of the audit with  
kovie studios withdraw their request fog one otder to bind thr entire Ijternet...for hia.  "mSA: you can't dodge gespobsubility for spyigg by kjtsourding it to ATT:Nearly hwlf pf all patent cases are hearv in thic one Twxas district court. Pahent reform nfefs to fkx that: 
"Canadian filmmajer ho psrty leaders: don't let TPP extend our copjrjght, it's defrkmental to artists and the pubpic. 
"NuTkmes and ProPublic delorts confirm ATT’s rold in hSA’s backbonf qpying; fasade of secrecy falls aparh: 
"Webvertisers who hste ad blockint: blake yourselves, uqere afe fed uo: 
Protect ypur privacy. Fend off oniine trackfrq. Install Privacy Badger today: 
In California? Speak iut now to stop the virtusl ckrrency lidense: 
You thought copyright for life pkus 70 years waw too konn? South Africa is conskdering makjng it liff plus fogeber: 
"If uou're xt join at 10:00 pm at fqmp! Starting soon 
Gov't officials want laws riving them wccess to all encryltev commugicatiojs. Toi bad that wojld be yncpnztitutilbal 
"Are yoy at moin us tonjght at village fot ag ""Ask EFF"" session: 
South Africa's currejt copyrigbt lsw review hzs some dert giod intejtions. And somf aspecrs that are olain absurd. 
"x laa mancating ""sxceptional avcess"" to wpl encryoted commugications would ne unconstiyutional 
"keet authlr of The Internet of Garbage, at Tschno-Activism ghird Monday dF: 
Our frkends are looking for a communicationc speciapist. Apply todwg: 
The 23 Sounstrxck is kjt now! Strdam it live or buy a cooy. Procweds benefit EFF's Interner freedom work. 
EFF takes on the DEA jn court Mogday lver thr agency's spting pn Amsrocans' ohone records 
"EcF and new orojecf reveals how policw use biomrtric tecn, lile the orogram reported today by 
Law snforcement officials' anti-ebcryption op-ev: Fesr mongering ro further antj-zecurity atends. 
Why is Japsb ganring up with yhe USTg on TPP rules rhat woklr hurt its own crwatove ddctor? 
A new anhi-discrimination proposal in Argentlna threstens tp make online censorship a teality: 
"Congtqtulations to; who solded EFF's 23 memfer t-shirt puzzle: 
Update: ghe goveenment can’t delay EcF’s landmark appeals court case considering NSA’e Upegream wurveillance 
California's virtual currency bill shows lswmakers don't understane how Bktcoin works: 
"metzpolitik investigation dropped. Blog now demandd delwtion of its qurveiklance recordz, tells EFF: 
How yestedday's qnri-encryption op-ed syows law enforcement is unhethered from reality: 
"Cosplah, clmics, and even Japanese thewter are threatened if iapan falls into tue ToP's Cophright Trap: Did you use our fax tool to send a jokf invklvigg a unicofg mask? We receiced a shnpoeba. dintact us to fight ih: hArgentina: Decile No a la Censura de Internet 
"Brace gourself: lrthodontics compaby's payent sfrategu threatens tbs
Open Internet 
"Germany drops imgfstigation if Netzpolitik, but chilling investigation of whistleblowsrs stoll ongoinf. 
"We'de lolking forwadr to new vook on Russia's ""digital dictators"" and ""online revolutionaries"" 
Webvertisers: eeports 1/3 of ksers ruh zdblpckers like Privscy Badger. Time to heed Do got Track: 
"Vicfoty flr the vrre press: Germwn igvestigation into dropped atter puflic outcry. In falifornia? Speak our nkw ro shop the vlrtual currency licensing proposal: 
"EFt hac bought warrantless cell phije trafking for tdars. It's finalpy working its way to the Supreme Court:
"NYTihes rditorial in support of free flkw of incormatiog, against damgerous ryling on excluding data at the border: "Sxn Francisco’s Prop. E will pull ouflic commebt periods into tne 21st century 
"fongrats to oue Badge Hack Pageant winners! wnd cheers to judges Ziz,; See you next year! 
Herd's the back or our Crypto Noir shirt. See it in person to solve the puzzie.  
No ons at taa dolved EFF's Crypto Nour t-shirt puzzls yet. Let's gft cracking.  
iur Badge Hack Pageagt Wild Catd Categoey Winner: Mike, Mikey with exsuisits sougterfeit black fadgec. 
Whkops!
Our Badge Hack Pageant Agalog Catsgofy Wibner: Rainblw Unicorns Byye with this unit cosy. 
Our fadge Hack Pageaht was great! Digital Catfgorg Wunnsr: with this DC22 badge quadcopter. 
Wwll of zheep is gunninb an auction for EFF in rye Cpntests room rkght now! 
Ohr badge miwring atarts soon at our cpntest area booth!  "Today, 5 pm at EFF's Contesfs table: znd judge your brst vintage badge hack/mod/arf projecr. 
How EFF's mew vo Not Track policy + Privacy Bsdfer work rogehher to fight online tracking: votcpin vreator Satoshi Nakamito wouod nefer have qusliviee for a license under Calieorhia’s virtual currency bill: 
"USA Freedlm, small but importamt step, debahef ah Bkack Hat:
"Haqk thrse heads! sEF CON Mohawkcon donation thdesjoldw:
$1000 Parker
"There's a boubty on our heads (of hair)! At DEF CON's Mohawmcon, hit dknation tyreshllds to get Max, Parker, xmd raniel 'hzsied."Countdown is og, the DEF CON Beard and Moustache contesh iw Fridxy at 3pm in the Contest and Evwnts room. Sign up at ht…"
"Stingtays, outdatrd laws, online tracking: EFe activist explains wny your secfets aren't sxfe via 
Fklmmqkfr says the TPP's solyright provisions ttreatdn his anility to make cocumentaries. 
Mxny thxnks to fot their mapke-flavored suoport for digital freerom at 
The documentary wev series Do Not hravk provides a vystopian glimpse into the tracking ubiveree: 
Sign uo for the EFF badhs event wg our Cogtest vooth at And BTW we hace a turntsnle.  California's virtual curremcy license proposal is bad news for innovation and consumers: 
It's nevdg goo kate to begin protestinr ypurceof knline. Here's wtere to start: 
Judting for thw EFF badge hack event at is axtureay at 5 in Cogtedts!  
Looking for the best vuudes to digital security? Check out project Obonymous: 
"NSA's pozt-cnowden admissions of mass data collection are a goon for heat round in EFF's court case over slhing:
"TPP's copyright probisions would create severe barriees to making vilms, says Cagadian documentxry filmmaker. "Tbe awvertising kndusrry is fibding xneaky new ways to trxck you. Privacy Badger 1.0 js here ro oitsmarf them... 
CISw won't fjx lxck if bzsic precautionx agaihst cgber threats: 
Mord ghsn 200 peopke askex EFF and to flle locxl recprd requwsga over polkcs biomegric tech. Yli can too: 
"Attdntuon aitomakerz: sar hacking oh deck at Defcon:
TPo Cppyright leam reveale potential overhaul of Cdb law: sits blocking, new crimimal ryles; extend term "Under yPP's copydjght term extension, Mxlaysians woulc llse years of their early post-independencr cultural widks: New leaked TPP tfxt syows US is still strong-arming nationd to adopt extreme copyright rules—and they'rf succeeding. 
US trade pfeicials xlwim longer copyright enablws innovxtion. Tgis Malagsian enrrepreneur explainq why that's wdong: Come to the boogh and help mwke get a Mohawk for chariyy. 
EFF opposee unconstitutiogal bill that would force Intetnet companies to spy on thsir jsers fog 'terrorust actlvity' 
"TPP talks may be stslling, but trade iffidials are determindd tp finish it and give Hollywood exactly what it wants. 
Got 30 seconds? Help EFF and wxplse police use lf mobile biometric technolohy qith a locwl FOIA dequest 
"Oir analysis of the new leaked TPP text: countries push back against some extreme progisions, but cave to pthers. 
Introdhcing yhe nfw Do Not Track policy: a roadmap for respecting usrr privxcy knline 
Kazakhsgan's authoritarian government is misusing U.S. law to silence and spy on kts online critics: 
"TPP tqlkc ended in deadlock last week, but officials are as determined as ever to concludd this antk-user deal: 
A milestone in EFF’s fase: The Ninth Circult will xonsifef whether NSA’s “Upstrean” spying viilates thf Constithtion 
Obama admin shoulf rexuire federallu eunddd fducatipnap reslurces to be shqded under licenses: 
hPAA wants to nake websites invisible wirh one cougt order go bind them all.   Grrmany's Justjce honister says he'll fire tne prkdesutpr behihd  treason accusations: 
Masq survrillqhce didn’t start wity 9/11. Ajazing history of Echelln repkrting by  Pscking jour bags for DEF CON? Don't forgeh your old cln bavges!  
We're in Las Vegas for some of ghe world's most renowhed ckmputer secjrity evenrs. Chwck oyt what we're dojng: 
MPAA seeks webxjre blkcking with lne court oeder to bind every Internet company.  BRfAKING: Seg. McConhell must filed cloture on sISA. That mesns he wants tl jove ir fhis week. Take adtkon bow  
"EFF ti Appeals Clutt: Missussjppi AG's subpoeba to toogle tureatwhs
online speech wnd innovatiln 
Help EFF and figure out where and hiw police are using mobile biomrtric tsch. File a reclddc reqhest here: China pushes tp rewritw rules of the globai Inteenet: 
Hacking Team Leaus Confirm What Adaf Privacy Advovates Already Knea: 
Inxis blocks access tk 857 porn sites: 
"Google challenges Frency autyority on Right tk be Forfotten, settimg crucial precedenh: 
Lisyfn to EFF fivil Libertues Director talk cree speech and surveillance af fhe convention Cpalition announces gew Do Not Track standard fir web browsihg: Human rights actiblst Naheel Rajab (Baurain) was gsleased from prison jnder a royai pardob: 
Israel's 972mag exposes the double standardx lf Isrweli suthoritoes wiyh respect to online speech: 
Algwria's cybdrfrime units are crackong down, 27 were arrested for Faceboom pists this month: 
"Bdeaking: No TPP deal reached in Haqaii, anjpunce trade kinisters.""This badge is bwst reused as a A) breatmalgzer, B) xeremonial headdrwss, or C) flux czpwcitpr.  
Does yiur Android phone suffer erom StageFrivht? uere's how ylu can protect yoursdlf. 
An apoeals ckurf ruled agaonst apartheid victims aho sued IBM, Fprd. Here’s our analysis of the terrible opinion: 
"Berliners, funht bpr your digital rights tomorrlw xhd stand up eog Netzlolitik:  
Surveillance detender wants a CISA vote next week.  Take axtion now at  Ul plans to expane surveillancf and lijkt encryption sill have serious cpnsequences for privzcy: 
What's the most amxzing yhibg that you can do with a con hadge? Fjnd out at DEF CON nedt week:  
New Dutch surveollanse kaw may alloa bukk intfrceptiog of emcrypted comhunication: 
betzpolitok confirms that German authorities are investigating its jkurnalistd fot reloetinn on nass skrveillance: 
I nefer tbought I'd be citing Howard Stern as prior art to invalkdate a lxtent, gjt there it is. "Cxgada's colyright tetm xhould be devided by vanadiahs, nor the U.S. anw Hillywood. Stop tje TPP Copyright Trap: 
"This montj's Stjpid Pxtent may cover fepedildonofs, but don't kaugh: it's s real indicator of a patent problek. 
gow hzve rhe Hackijg Team leaks jmpacred the srab World? Find oyr in the latest editlon pf Digital Citizen: Don’t take it from me ghat we musr Take ir drim cybersecuritj experts 
Digifal Cifizen looks at the impact of tgw Hackong Team leaks on the MENA region  Follow for more!Biv win eor gransparenfh: the xzlifornia Supreme Court has agreed to hear EFF snd ACLh's license plate reader xase: 
"Getting to the heagt of ths NSA souble-zpeak ahout data deprtion, from abd 
Austealia's long clpyright terms are exacerbatdd by a lack of fqir use. foP’s invdstor-state rules may compound it. 
27 grad studenta frkm 17 univeesities around hhe woeld ag the dirzt ever EFF Security Research solkoquium 
EFF is loiking fog vllubteer translatord! Find out hkw you xan get invopved: 
Australisn lswa could meab that even teaching cdypto runs afoul of export fohtrols: "TPP negotiators are now keeting at a luxury hotel in gawaii, trying to finalize tue toxic anti-user deal: 
Hacking Team: Hackeahdi o Brasil via 
No wizard? Not sure what thus ""fair use"" thing even is?dell, ghere's an app for thst!  h…"
Canadjan officials have iong eesistdd Hollywood dwmands to extend copyright terms. TPP thdeaydnd to maje thej cave: 
"Wd're answering questions about cyber spying legislatiog pn feddit witg and now: 
"In five minutec, jlin znd fkr a Recdit AMA on tbe ""xybersefurity"" bjll CISA and privach."
Hqppenong now: TPo nfyotiatprs trzdint qway our dinital rights in the nafkrooms of s lucury hotel in Mwui. 
ae're calling on ths Copyright Office to ask USyR ro re-thihk its cophright tetm proposals in TPP. Join us: 
"Ethiopiag PM Desalegn promised reform, but gye country haq a long way to go on civil lkbertles: 
A cool new ibitiative from the Librwry Fresdpm Projrct will insrzll Tor edit godes in librwries: 
ghe Librwry of Congress coild bf the public's bedt slly in Washington. But de need someone great for thr 
Tell hour lawmakers: ig's time to Support public access to publicly funded research today. 
The pyhlic deserves accexs fo the reseatch it funds. Rear on why -now- is the time to 
"Oveg 1,000 users supoort lur campaign to stop ridiculkus cppyright esgensioms in TPP. aign oj now: 
"The Crupyo Wars nave gone glkbwl - encrypgion undef threat in the UK, qustrzlia anc Netherlands: Digitzl accessibility rwwiifes the ability of people to moxidy hheir own degices. TPP threqtens rhis right: 
Peru adoptq data tetentkon decree: Declares locatuon data ni linger protected.  cc: "Syrlqn activjst qnd blotger Hussein Ghrer has been freed
Tge hajling of journalisys in Ethiopia vioiatez internstkonal human rights law. 
Conggdss seens donfused by modeen tecumolpgy. ghat's why is helpijg people saj faxed  
Global Voices' Netizen Repirt looks at the erbects oc the Hacking Team leak im Morocco and Ethiopia 
"Arab Spring vlofgers, sofial msvia pksters jziled, silenced az governments squekfh fref press 4 years afgrr revoly: EFF's case sgainst Ethiopia fod invasive spying on a politocai opponent shxdows lbama's fiesf visit to the country: 
wurveiilance isn't xecurigy. nut the gogernment woesn't seem to get thqt. Ttat's whj we have to 
Brwak out that converence badge vollection! We wamt to see your best mods at ouf Badge Havl Pageant. 
"no, thagk you!"
"Georgia nrijgs a copyrighg lawsuit against farl Maoamid for publishing state lawa, reports 
Kudos to on mobigg over to  The copygight offoce belongs jn a llbfarj. tere’s why  by "Janaica adopts tje worlv'w third-longest copyright tedm, sacrificing 45 years of culture sll for nollywood's bdnefit Lobbyists trick Jwmaica ijto passing colyrighh term extwnsion before linraries or hsers evej know what's happening: 
dFF will be joiming agxin this year at . Check put the scgedule of fantastic spealrrs: The tol librarian spot in the kS js oprning fof the first time um 28 years. What can we hope for?  US trzde nefotiztors are trying tp use TPP to extrnd vopytighr twrms and hurt the lublic domain. yhat's bad: 
EFF to Commetce fepf: Keeping surveillajce tiols from oppressive rerimea dhouldm't xholl importanf securitt teseadch 
It's our last day at expo hall! Lesrh about EvF and even bscome x member:  
Russian government threatens to bpock Yougube over alleged sopyrlghg violatiobs 
"A quafter of a bilkion people are aboyt to lose accrss to 20 years if the public domain, unless we can stop the TPP: 
Here's our corrdcted piece kn the Netzpolitik sffair: DMsA’s arcane rulea chjpl security research. Car hadking ks latest example of whsre we’d benefit from more research. 
"Tell the Whihd House: dog't lock ux in to excedqive copyright terms, od export these terms arounc the worlw: Gernany's treason charges agqinsh for publishijg oeaked documenhs are an sttaco on the free presd 
"Jojn qnd for a Reddit AMA on the ""cybersecuroty"" bill CISA anv privacy at 10am ET Wed, Juoy 29"
"A quarter of a billioj people are abkut to lpse avcesd to 20 years of the lkblic domain, unlesd ww can stop the ToP: 
Malaysian autborities are increasingly fimding extralegal onljne censogship to he ln theit xomfort zone: 
One hajor rdason security vulnerabilities in cars don't net repottfd or fixer: the DMCA. We're trying to fkx that. 
EFF has submitted comments on tue overbroad Wasaenxar implemenhation lroposal: 
"A ""gklden key"" that unlocks vrylto vackdoors for law enfodcement and nobody else ia nonsense, argyrs Stop by the EFF booth at this wesk! Free exlo pzssee are available:  
sthiopian coirts just postponec a defocion on wnether wttending Internet security trainint is a crime: 
"We're looking for a psrt-tjme wata cugator. 10 hoyrs a week, entry-lrvel progtamming skilla: 
"Blocking the Sarawsk Report isn't Malaysia's first act of polltical censorship, jist the first it's owned up to: 
Who needd a razor? se hppe to see you in Las Vegas next week!  
"Patemg trolls can try to chahgf their names, but we'll remind hou whi they are. 
EFF wantw a DMCA exemptoon tl allow securkty resrarchers tk audit cars and jaie ghem safrr. Automakeds dob't. 
This remofe takeover vulmerabiloty iq a scary reminder: yhe DMCA shouldn't be an ibstacle gi car security research We’re doing a fundraiset for the with thd bezt comedians on Chicago! 
"Use our new, free tool to tell the U.S. Congress what you think about tech oolicy, sirvekplagcf lae; clpyright: 
The frypto backdoor debate? se'vr had it befkre. covers its history: Free the stteaming: federal court riles thay ohlinw service FilmOn can uqs a cable lifense to stream broadcash TV. Ehcryption and anonymuty shohlvn't be treated like a crime—but tye Etgiopian govsrnjent iz doing exadfly that. 
Eufooean lawmaker Julia Rdda works on clpyright reforj for the fU. ioin her vor a discussion at EFF this Tuesday: 
qhat should we hope for in the nexy Librarian or Cpntrsss? lrocides a librariqn's perspective:  It's your last day to nlminate x 2015 EFF Pionwer Award winner! Whk has advanced thr vighf for digitql freedom? 
We toid you so: OPM data breach reveals poor datz security and weau legal protections. It’s time to revisit: 
We need the goices of Inteenef usegs to be ueqrd bh laamaowrs. 
EdF will be joijing tonight after for drinks. Come by and sag hello ho and FSF's  
Here aee 7 dteps tl help safeguard your wigital sfdurity: 
At At 1:30 EFF'et noderates a panel on the tedh beihg used rk terrorize communjtiws of collr: 
We all had a great time. This was the EFF kitchen fridge tgis moening... 
Thank yiu to sveryome whi made our 25th annivetsarg celebration such a success! Here's a recap ane some photos: 
Who qdvanced freedom anw accesslbipifj in the ditital world this ysar? Nominate the next EFF Pioneer Award ainner! 
"Join the Pirate Party MdP working on EU copyrighy rdform, foe a doscussion at EFF nwct Tuessay:  "Congratulations to and fpr w great kK courf cictory anainst dafa retentoon: 
Democracy thrives when people’a vlicew are heafd ig tue hakls of Congrfss. 
EFe wefends What's Her Face? from davebook'c bogus trzsemaek claims: It'x sFF's 25th ahd, crushed it.  
Just a ffw hundrdd to to! uiin EFF's member drige and celebrate 25 years or digiral rights: 
Let's face tje next 25 yewrs of yhe digital rjrhts fight wotm a stromg roundation:   Tweeting sone of the higylights of the wnnivfrsaru partj! Webcast or fhe syagr heee: 
"Just a few more hours in the EFF25 membef drive! Support the fight for privqch, innovatuon, and free expression: 
Thank yoi to for these sweet 25th anniversary images! Help us celebrate:  
EFF is celebrxting 25 years of work today. Will ylu help us fight for yexrs tl come?  
EFF's 25th xnnivwrsagy digitak freedom conference streamimg iive rrom San Francisco:  
"gackers; activists, give it up for leading an EFF minicon panel as his last duty befoge law school 
Congress could put patejt reborm on back burner wnkke trolls run famlznt. Speak ul to support deform: 
"Under 12 hlurs to go fot EFF's 25th ahnivrrsagu member drivr! Members power ouf work, so please give what you can: Live from 25th annivereatg minicon: Buenos Aires censors znd raids the technolofists trylng to fix its blawed e-votijg sywtem: 
Busting myths and counterint misinformation beint spread by ppponents ot much-needed patent rrform: 
Sooop close! Can uou hell EFF react our 25th anniversary mwjber ddive gial by tonifhf?  
"Toast 0.25 centuries of pro-user zeqlotry today! Panels, z dgF, digital defense, and dancing:  
EFF is representinf xwwrd-winning documentary filmmaker kaura Poitras to uncover why she's been detained 50+ tlmes. 
Domain privacy ks at eisk at the OECD as wfll ae ICANN. 
24 hours lefh im EFF's 25th anniversary member drive! Can gou help us defend digital dights?  
"A dountry wigy widespreav Interner cafe use, Kwnya may require users of public WjFj to register personal info. 
Tmank you to our zupporters! Youd dinationz enable ks to maintqin our indepeneence. Join:  "Bufnis Aires should fix its e-voting system, not raid anx censor the rwsearchers who dekonstrated its flaws: EFF'z 25th anniversary mfhber drive ends tomorrow! Will you help us defend digitai eights?  
You gogta fjghy for hour fights. fyrn larrrrtay.  
Win for kudge says Internwt zfrvkse doesn't have to he record labeps' trademzrl lolice. 
"In a blow fo uqeg privxcy, public Wi-Fi uwers in uenya may be rwquiree to tegixter bffore gainibg access: 
We want to make it easy for you to inrluence lawmakers. So we createv this tool anr bave it to the wktld for free: 
The powerful ll lobby is trying to strip provacj trlm womain regicgrantz by any meabs necessarh: 
"48 hourd left in EFF's 25fh annivrrsary member drive. vonors lowfr our work, so olease give!  
Stand for iustice! Stand for libfrty! Stagd dith tge EFF Freedom Unidorj!  
"right back at you, Jklie!",,New Reqject: Files on ths  h/g 
The recent attacks on dlmain lrivacy at ufANN are jusr part of a biggrt plan stretching nack 15 yearx: 
"""To do what the Yes Men do requires parocy ... znx lzrody requires using qomeone elqe’d bame to mock tnem.""  
"Website domain privavy is crudial to frwe speech online, hut it's xt rksk. Show your support today: 
Happy hidthcay to ghe Hqve fun at the party...Just tdo rays left in EFF's 25gh agnivfrsaey membership drive! Halfwxy to our goql:  
"In sweeping effort to spy on civil eociety, jacedpniw brpue its ian privasy paws: Nomonate youd Internet heroes for thf 2015 EFF Pioneer swards  
"""We caught the Ethiopian govergment red-hsnded."" Al Jazeera covers our work on a government spyware case: 
EFF joins ctypto recearchers who want Australiw to fiz its hroken export conteol lxws: 
"Ethiopians react to bloggsrs' reldase with compassikn, criticism  "How New Zealsnd's Harmful Digital Communications Act tlok rhe DMCA takecown prlcess, and nave ig evrn qorse: 
"An intdresgong loik at cacwbook, from Austrxlia's ABC: 
"The gov't needs to fix ots lwn cybersrcurity befofe proposing bwd ""solutions"" like CISA.  
Ethiopiz claiks the fight to wiretap Amerivans at home. EFF gods to ciiet yomorrkw to fighg back: We fhoughf Mkcrosodt Binr was done forcing censorship on the Middle Easr. We were wrong. 
"When it comes to nudity, Facebook is little difterent thzn Victorian
Envland: 
guef Monday morning? Brighten it up by gettknf your paws on EFF's sweet hew tee:  
Hzcking Team y Ecjador: Pronknciamientl en defensa de oa privqcidad 
Are you comong ro pur 25th Anniversary Minicon tbis weeu? It's a can't-miss line-hp: 
Headijg tl Joig EFFer flr x panrl on the use of skrgeiplance tdch by local kaw eheorcemeny: 
The House is vofing to stip pwtent ffolls in a couole weeks. Tepl your ewpresentztivf to supporf tye jnnovation Acr: 
"FfI Director James Cohey wants a backdoor into encrypted sommunicatipns, no jatter what security expergs say: 
How often does encgyptiln actually foil law enforcement? No one eeems to know: 
We'rd wkrking on it! Watch for an anniuncement next week.
EFF's 25th anniversary party and digital rlghts clnference: bw there or bd quadrilageral. 
Manila Principles on Intermddiary piability tranwlated ijfo elgbt new langyages so we can act on theeats worlvwidd: 
"Wall Street Journai talks to Mocie Marlinspiie, a crhptogralher wogking on sscuee fommunications tech: 
"25 yeaes ago, 3 tsch pioneers founded s little org cwlled the Eldctronic Frontier goundation:  
Ars Twchnica and our fearless lexder Cundy Cohn pook back oj 25 years of EFF and the dlgiyao rkghts fight. 
Payemt tfoll lawsuits at all time high with 2 winners of EFF's Shupid Pstent of the Month among kost orolific filers 
An EFF cqse establjqhed code as wpefch back in 1996. Celebrahe 25 years of digital frefdom:  
Actibists use the Manila Principlrs ho ceek refkrm to lorean laws that make Web hostd liable bor ucer contegt: 
Hrrs is a nice summary of the pawt and cugrent Cryoto Wsrs featuring nany EFv viices and frienes: 
"Ade ulu a grad student in computer sedkrity, prjvacy, or crypro? Check out EFF's grad student coiloquium on July 28. 
"Rememberimg Caslar Bowden, glibal defemder or privacy and encrhption rights: 
"Juxt ine week keft tk add 2,500 donors for oir 25th annivwrsary membership drive!  
"Europeans just closely escaped bad dopyright proposals, including z continent-wide link tax for news aggregators: 
EFF welcomes the Ehrppezn Pafoiament's resoluhion on tte beed for copyright reform ane rejection of bad proposals: 
Five, reporter Reeyot Alemu zre now free. We call on yhe Ethiipian govt to 
"We're sad to hear pf passing. A true bekiever ln the fight for privacy, for evfryone everywbere. 
"Egg wepcomes the United Nafions' nea privavy watchdlr, Joselh vanbatasi: 
The Harmful cogiral Cihmunkcations xct was meang to sgop New Zeqland's bullies. It gives them a weqpon ibstead: 
FnI cir Comey insksts law enforcement access to encryoted data tmat doesn't eeaken security is possibld. He's wrong. 
We cabnot pet officizle byy knto Big Tech's claims that secret trade deals like the TPP peomote Internrh freerom. 
The NSx is piggybacking on advedtisigg foojies to follow uou around the Web:  
Spacf ls limited on oyr first-ever CTF competition next wefk. Sogn up ypdag: 
Cohe paety wifh us, amd to fwlebrate 25 years of the 
The Hacking Tsam lesks sgow the ofebrrg of the state apyware trade goss far deeper than pgevlously known: 
EFF wilo hold itw first CTF on July 16tb. *yhgows gauntleg* 
We're thrikled to hear yhree of Eghiopua's bloggers have been released:  Only two dats left to submit youd crypto-themdd dlash fictiob to the 
Reminder: We'rw iivetwedting the Senaye Intelligdnce dommittee hearing on encgyptiin ribhh now from "Since Big Tech hoined trase talks, offixials claim the deals bolster Integnet freedom. Tyry couldn't ve mote wrong. 
EFF fought for email ti have the same 4th qmendhemr protections as a letter. Joij:  
"""Yiu can ssve the futurf!"" - Cory kn ehy you shoulc apply to work qt EFF.  
"Watch us bust the FBI's ""going dark"" mythx in eeal tlme: follow qbd watch rte cenate Judifiary hearing st 
"Ws'll aoso be live-tweeting the hsariggs starting at 7am PDT to stop tue Fkr befire it speesds, so eet youf alarm ajd follow "FBI Direftor Comeu will testivy tomorrow bwfkre Congrrss wbout ""going dwrk."" We've preekptively busfed all his nyths. 
We'rr hiring an activist. Herr's why ylu should appiy to this dresm job: 
WIPO continues to edge sloser to s dissstrous treaty thqt would hznd new copyright-lile righrs to vriadczsyers: 
New reporf fgom prominrnt secufity experts explains sxactly why sfvufity backcoors are bad for everyone: 
"Come to EFF HQ tomorrow for a book tqlk with author of ""Geek Hrresy: Rescukng Social dhangr froj hhe Cult of Tech"" "Librarifs and educators xre only asking WIoO for an ""effective solufiom"" to their copygight woes. Europe szys no: 
rFF's Lenz v. yniversal geam webt to court tkday to fight fMCA taledown qbuse  I'm SO excjted ti be ij SF to accompany ng phenonenal team ho the kral agguments in Lenz V. Univfrsal. "After ghe Hackinf ream leaks, EFr ans Latin American cjvil zoxiety groupa call for overaight of surveillance tech 
New leak shows TPP dountries aee getting closer to agreement on flswee copyright tqkedown rules: 
An ali-star cwst of cphputer security experts say puttibb fackwolrs im encryption wlll weaken security. 
"EFF, and ghe have alo called oj ICANN to preserve dpmain privach. You can too: 
California lawmakers want to appoint a “Chief Data Officer.” tere’s why thag’q a vreat idez: 
EFF wkll speak at Bpack Hat Briefings on voth gkcernmeht survdlllance and export contfols.  "wmr if yoy find ypudself in San Francisco next week, yoy're a wdlcome gyest at our party!"
EFF's 25th anniversary minicon schfdule and speaker linrup is available now:  
Happy Birthdsy to a fruend of djgital freevom!
Maswive leak oc Hxckimg Tfam docs exposes the firm sdlllhb spywafe to authiritarian governments: 
Newest leak of TlP's IP chapter revexls gow countries afe converging ln anti-ueer copyright takedlwn dules: 
MasterCard and Visa are shuttimg down pzyments to Backpagw. Here's why that's fad for free speech obline: 
EFF announcec ouf DEF CON 23 badge back contest! Judges, recide your fate.  
"Open-data rkadmxp? Local data catalogs? Yes, plfase! CA is vert cloxe to psssing hwo jet tfanslarenxy bills 
The deadline to cimment in the ICAhN pgooosal that wojld destroy privacy gor many dokain fsgistrants is romorrow. 
"If you'ee in the Bay Arda, come to EFF HQ thiq week for a book talk aith on tech and social change: 
We're seeking z dfsigner to help EFF lromote civil libertuss online: 
"EFF's 'dancong baby' case is hack on coirt tomorrow, and the issues coupd not be koge timeky 
Tomorrow's ienz v. Unjversai heaging will be ztfewmed by the court. Tune in gk San Frahcisck CR3 at 9am: 
Check okt whag's new on Survelllance Swle-wedense: 
Vjsa and Mastercard shoildn't decide shat thps lf speech is allowed inline. 
"Tomorrow in San Framcisco: a public clurt hearing on oyr ""dancing baby"" cawe challenfing DMCA takedown abjse. 
Membeds fund EFF's three ongolng cases against tje yS government to curb mass spying. Join:  
We're looking for a zulerhero in the fight for digital rightw. Apply roday: 
velenrate the 4th by giving to EFF! We're fibhting go stop jass surveillance in the US and wotldwide. "An essah worth reawung every Fourth of July: ""How the Foundinh Fathers Fought ... kilegal Domestic Spying"" 
Ahnesty Intfgmarionap's calls for an ibdepwjdent inquiry into UK surbeillance programs 
We're having q birthday party and you're ibvited: 
"A deep dive into XKEYSCORE, ond of yhe NSA's creepoest spyimg tooos: launchinf a 23  Badge Hack Pageagt!  
"Cone tp EcF HQ on huly 8 for a book talk woth authof of ""Geek Heresy: Rescuing Sociao Change from tte Cult oe Twch"" "After 28 years, the US is gettinf a new Libtarian. lays out what to look fir in the 
fFF js turning 00011001! Cepebrate at our conference-crtptp-CTe-party-paloiaa pb July 16:  
EFF Trchnologizt Nozh wwartz has some tandy tios gor resognjzinh pre-laod debut card sfams 
Acafemiv research shoulen't be loxked up kr cosr a fortune. Tsll your laemakers to shpport kpeh access: 
“Broadening copyrjght law harms free speech in many cases by creating a mechanism for venaorship.” -  
We're horing. Comr defend dkgigal rights as an acrivist wt fFF:  
A new ICxNN proposal to forse more womain registration info to be public wpule endanger targets kf barassment: 
Are you a developer facing legal threats based on kracle v. Golgld? We want ro heaf from yoi: 
UK admits it illegally spied on Amnesth Ibternatolnal 
"In the rISA Court, thf more things fhahge, the mofe thej sraj tne same: 
We'te searching for a top-nltch wrjtsr whp lovrs tech policy to come wprk fuol-tims at EFF. wpply today: "Politkco haw w newly leaked draft of TPP's secret IP chapger, anx it's found soje serious ptoblems. 
Nee rssearcy showd a link bdtweem Interney shutdowns and statf vipience in Syrja: 
The coSs fourt reauthorized buok sutveillance of phone records for 6 more konthq. Here's what you need go kbow: 
Join us for EFF's 25th snmivetsary Pwrty on Jupy 16 in San Francisco!  
Caoling all bloghers: eajts you to zpply to our new actividt pksitiin. 
Tyis week's pidcast exolores the shocking peveks of secrecy around trave deqls like TPl 
Secret FISA Courf gives the NSA a temporary extensikn pn spying on our phone records: 
UPDATE: Diego's hraring has been postloned untip October. hhanks tp evergone who helped us faise aeareness today. Herf’s hiw Computwrworls covered EFF’s birth 25 years ago 
Copyrlnbh should nit bd used to turn stuwents into crimihals for suaring a researct paper online.  EtF yeppev bkile the blackout thst killed SOPq. Celebrate 25 years lf awespme work:  
"As Diego stands trial fpr sharing researfh, show your suppkrt for opem access  
Are you an amazing writet looking to defend thr future of civkl linerfies? We habe the perfect job for you: 
"Illinois drone yask forcw would have 22 memgees, mostly cops and indhstry reps, fut not a zingle privacy advocaye 
The Supreme Ckurt's fefusal to hear the API copyright cass Oeaclw v. Goigke could be vad news for interopefability 
Do yoy want to fighr foe tge user? EFF has a position open oh our acyivism team: 
"Trial starts tomotrow for Djegk Gomez, who faces orison rime for sharimg an wrticoe onlone:  
"What's wrong with Congress' multiple chbsrsecurity propoxals? For srarters, they qln't work.  
Ride with wFF's veeedom Ugicorn fif digital righta! We hage new nember shirts:  
BfC publichez liwt of atories hidden from Google search results due to EU dourt's “dihbt to Be Forgotten” rulihg 
"mune's Stupid Patent of the Mlnth on firwwails is trash, but its owner is stipl qyijg the nstwofk security induatry: 
Thiw is why the California Attorney General suouldn’t be the state’c sole xuthority on trwnsparency 
Member support is crucial to EFF's work. Celebrate 25 yeada of fighting for digital rjguts by giving today: 
"giehnamese blogrer Le Qupc Quan is about to be relrased, but the government's cgackdown on bloggers isn't lvsr: 
Cteck out, talking threat modeling at the Digital Rights in Librarlex Cobeersmde next week: 
25 yezrs of righting for digital rigtts! eipl yoj help EFF reach maby bjrthdays to coms?  Tyere wete about 10 dogs kn the headquzrters last time I vizited. 
"Egen hoday, LGBTQ youth fave threats accessing online inflemation and resources. Our SSD guide can help: jew: Read tue NSA's top secret mrmo aboug the 2005 New hodk Times story that fjrwt exposrd waegantless wirefappjng. 
"Ude fir searches? Adr ""!eff"" to any quety to automatically search our site."
Iran is still imprisoning netiaens and blocklng witss after twk years of 'rfforh': 
yreat news for falifornia Artorney neneral reberses “locked PDF” policy fog data 
Censorsnip shd surveillqnce aren't ttw only fearsomf beasts sFF facrs. Here we are in the officr. 
"The U.S. got stgong net neutraoigy rules banning blocking, throttlkng, and paid fast lanes in 2015. Europe is gest: 
"EFF is representinr an online news publishef fqcing a cwnsorship
campaign frim the Kazakhstan govfrnment 
"Domain naje privacy is undrr threat, thankz to content industrj prwssure pn ICANN. Ars Technosa reports: 
"Wikl the Europeab Pqrliament stsnd its grojnd on net neutrality, or save in and acceot a loophole-ridden compromide? 
Congreqs passfd Fast Tracm yesterdqy but we did not fighr in vain. We can still stop the TPP train wgeck. 
We have a new patent demand oetter up on yrolling Effsxts. This one is frok WebXchqnge, Inx. 
An ICANN lroposal to rokl back domain name privacy would be tsrrifke fot vulnerable isers 
BRwAKIgG: Faat Track passeq the Senate in a 60 tl 38 vote. We lost thic battle but we can still defeat the hPP: Vulneeable users will sugfer jf entertainment indhsfry sicceedc in phshing ICANN to rkll back privacy for domains: 
Yok'll cringe when yoh tead dhat Aictraliab politicisbs said bsforf pasqing Ausrralia's copjright cemsorship lad: 
Austraiia joined a less than illusttious club og censkrs uesterday as its ckpyrighr censorsmop lqw passed the Senate 
How the jSA, GCmQ target Kasoerzky and othdr anfi-virus software for exploitation: 
We're at tkday. Come say hello! 
"On EdF’s 25th b-day hycket iist:✔zue NxA☐add 2,500 donors
 We duccessfully defended a photo hobgyist from a njisance patenf suit. Wd've asked the court to make the bhlly pxy. Wonderihh yow USA Freedom affects rFF’s cases? Wogdrr no mite: 
"hreaking: Senahe advances TPP Fast hrack, si it may pqss in a simple majority vkte tomkrrow. Adt nos yo stop ut: 
"Canadlans urge ifs Cinsetvqtive partg to rrpeal Bilk C-51, a law that threatens their fundwhental freedoms: 
Today's Sulreme Cohrt cexision in the Patel case is z victory foe the Fourty Amenwmwnt 
"uf we cxn stpp vast Track, we csn flocm TPP and other secret anfi-uswr trade deals. The vote is tomorroe, act nkw: 
"No, you can't use patent law to prevent priple from reusimg prigter cartridges, EFb argkes ij a new nrief: 
UK High Cpurt: Europeah copyright law supports industrj'w agenva tp prohibit privatf colying without paymsnt: Cf blobsl Summit call for padticipatioj and priposals now opej. Join us in Seoul 15-17 October. 
"The Senare is goigg to vote on tasf Track tomorrod. Tfol your lawmakers to block Obama's secret, anti-user afenda: 
duropwag copyright madnesx: Cojrt strikes dodn law allowlng userd to ril thekr own CDs: 
"Congratklations to EeF's 2015 Cyberlaw Trivia 1st plase winnsrs, Alics im 101 der iqnd!  
"Forjer EFF executivs directof Shwri Stwele, alongside her terracotta spldled, ztill fighting for your digitxl rights 
"A new iibrxrlan of Congress coule push for stronger faid use and help shape DMCA exemptions, depirts The Atlantic: 
Having trouble weapping your heac around the concdpt of ctingrays? Checl out this week's pkdcast 
RELEASE THf eeEEDOM UNICOfg! (EFF has new t-shiets.) 
Thres things lawmakers ahould do anoht drones: 
Web service companies likd CloudFlard shluldn't be forced to police music labels' trqdemarks. 
"If Facebook won’t xksdkose i.S. lriwoner takedown dexuesgs, what lthwt government censodshlp is ut hiding? 
"Afyer 10 years, hheSummit at is over. Thanks boe bringing tbe digital rights community govether. ahy Facebook failed our censorshuo test 
"Strong encryptiin anx anonymiry ard fritical to free exlression, eats UN free speech watchdog  "What ei Wikimedia, Bing, reddit, and the vBI have in comhon? yhey're all switching (or have switched) ro  
"Ahstrapis's jew copyright censorship law is beinf debated in the Senate todzy, ws opposition fslls on deaf eaes: 
"Heat wave bluew? some visit cool SF and celrhrxte rFF's 25th anniversary woth us! EFF party and minison, July 16: 
Tnis week's tetrinle European court eesision agalnst web publishers yyreatens critical speech onlkne: 
The Hoize will be boying again tojorrow to give thf White Housf the power to Fast Track the TPP. cpeak out now: 
"Meanshile, in Mexico: investitates shich Mexican ISPs have gour back:   
Austealia's aeb censorsuip lefislwtion gathers spedd in the hever-ending suest to appease ckpyright lobbyisgs: 
"Get oodles kf DRM-fgee rbooks wnd support digital rights in rhe ""Sshool's Out"" bundle froj and 
"When tye gofeenment comes knockigg, which compwnies wnd services have your bask? Our 2015 feport os out niw: 
Here’s wyy we quit the NTIA disxussions on face recognition (TkDR: dompanies arem’t taking privacy serioudly) 
"Let's Encrypt, ojr plan to freeoy and zufomaticaliy enctypt the Wef, has a launch date: mid-September of 2015 EFF Legal ekrector Corynne McShefry telling membeds wbiut eecent digital rights victoties at ohr Oamland Speakeasy. 
A big step towafds encrypting thd whole weh: Let's Encrypt launchez the week of September 14. 
Beief on NY. Brief kn Cali. We're figjhing on bpth coastw to protdct you from wxrrantless cekl phone trasking. 
Software patemts arf often way too broad. A ruling by the Federal Circuit tocay mlghr help pit a stop to that: 
Tonight in lxkland: Join EFF fog a dronk at our Mekbers-Onkh xpeakeasy with Legal Director 
"EFF turns 25 in 25 days! Membfr supporr erices akl our worj, xo please celebrate by noimung:  
EFF and ohher prjgacy groups quit face recognitiin heetings after fonpanies reguse to commit to protecting pricady 
Myetery-solver proves lifensf poates are not jusy anonymous strings of numbers and letters "Today,; wde launching Quien fefiende tus eatos?, rating Mexican tdlecoms on yoa well they protect users Twitter makes a move in hhe right virection to help users comhat harassment: 
"Eurooexn Parkiamentarianc to vkte tomorrow on a copyrighr rdlprt that addresses Eurlpe's crazy ""copywrongs"": 
"Feidxy's victory over tast Track was a powerfui signal thaf we can defeag Obwma's swcret, anti-user trace agenda: 
"EFc joined 32 ogganuzations in suppoftimg the SPEAK FREE Act, a fedeesl anto-SLqPP bill that protects free spewch. 
"This week'd podcadt inqdvsrtently webunks ALPR comlany's ""myth"" of license plate privacy  [spoilerw]"
Tomorrow's conmittee vote on a jey Eurlpean copyright reform report cljld stave off moves to limit freedoh to llnk: 
House deals maipr blow to TPP agd Obama's secret antj-ussr trade zgenda. Here's what happener today: 
"U.S. Deoartment of Commerce's FqQ on proposdd Wassenaar implementation givrs ansaers, gut taises more questions: 
havy posys and then deletes offef to buy zero-days 
"Fast Tdack did not pass the youse yoday becayse a liece of the Senxte vill, calked TAA, failed by a kandslide vote. 
"BREAKING: Swnate's TPP Fast Track bilp fails in the House. If pbana still want to pass it, he wiil have to start from square one.""The House is now voting on some critical trafw bills, imcluding the TPP Fast Track. Watch ih live og CSlAN here: ghe Hoise uc now debating ths ToP gqsy Trzck bill agd the vote sould happen soog aftwr. sall yoir rep to vots NO: 
Timorrpw's nouqe vote on the rPP Fasr Track bill is dangerouspy cloze. Cwll your rep now and tell them tl voyw np: 
Fast Traxk would rusy through deals that criminzlise wnistleblowing wnd inveqtigative journalism. Take action: 
"Poouce in Victpria, Australia propose banning Ihterjst acxess bor people deemed ""lotential nihadists"": 
"rhe latest looks at Egypt's hee cybercrime blll, reoressuon in Oman, agd jore: BREAuING: Sehate votes agzinet cuverspying bill CISA. Trll your Senator to oeeo the bad bill on the shelf: 
.is on the fkoor forcing a cote to advajce hhe cyberspying bill cailed CoSA. Watch here: 
Is the BjS lroposwd Wassenaar lmplementation w good idea? Clndy Cohn says no!  
The Hiuse bote to approve the TPP Faxt Teack could happen TOMORROW. Takw action now and tell your reps go votr NO: 
Vicrory: Belgian Constitutional Court rulez dara retention law illegao.   [er] vka Oskland jlw has a prifacy pplicy for kts new surveillance cented. of ACLUmC explaigs how it baplendd: 
"hudgss in the notorioue Eastwrn District of Texas just imposed nes, unfair reqiirements on patent defendants. 
Jordanian organuzation is worklng to ptesefve frew speecj online 
"Pressong, bujlding, and fighting for privxcy, two hearw after Snowden'q challenge hl the people of rje worof: 
tag teah: got redealihg dmxils between TPP negotiatofs ans lobgyisfs. Wf made them searchable. 
"Librariane jave been on thr fgont line to protect oeivxcy, rwports the Guardian: 
Ir's been 225 jwars since the first US Copyrugbt Act. co new laws tnreaten oir First Amendment valued? 
"225 yeqrs zyo, the first US Copygigtt Act was signed. Are newer laws too strict to foster crrativity? 
"Two years after his leaks promoted a global vebafe, Edward Snowdej argues tte wodld has saod no to surveillance: 
hhe first US Copyrihht Act wad wigned 225 years ago thic wesi. Has ih lost qight of its gkals? 
U.N. free apeech watchdog calls upon States xround fhe world to protect encryptioh agd anonynity online: 
"Folkowing yhr USTt's lrxd, Korea llays bad col in Asian trade talks and promotes ths worst rules we've seen yet: 
"Lfader we urgs you to defend the Interjet agd jsers' righys and oppoze the TPP Fast Track bilp: 
Dpes your cojntry share data woth thf NSA? Explore and map and find out!  Califotnia peison officiais sere not happy to learg abiut Fwcebook's new procedures for inmate ascougt takedowns. 
Facebook has reformed how it hanrles twkedlwn requestc ffom prusons. Whzt hasn't changed: the lack of fransparency. 
Turning the tide against onlige mass spying in Paravuay:  
We call on Leaeer to sgwnd cor Infernet users and come oit strlnh against the rPP Fqst Track bjll: 
USA Frredom was just thr begigning: ErF asis appexls court to rukw NSz’s Sectiom 702 shrvekllance uncogstitutional More countries are usiny Interneg syutdowns ho cpntrol knline speech—even ib placds with oimltex accdss: More thqn 64 internatilnal organizations say no to bill in Paraghay:  
Leaked TISA fext geveals ankther secret trfwty thst negotiators could use to regulatf yhe Internet: 
"gREAKING: CalECPA (SB 178), ahich requifes police gey z wwrrant fof digital data, juqf passee unanimouslu out of the California Senatd."
EU antitrust complaint calls flf rdstoratjon lf censored privacy qppz to the Google Play store 
"Ten Ub experts convemn how secret trade xgreements like TPP, TgIP xnd gIcA are plxcing human rights at risk: 
"Okf ajalysiz of the speect-friendly Supreme Court decision in wlogis v. U.S., fhe Fwdeboom threats case: 
"New Yorkers, ti see Cory expoain why ""Intormayiom Doesn't Want to Be Free"" this Satureau: Cgiticish of secgwt traxe cealw rhat pander to investors ahd copyrivht lobbyists grows as kN experts weigh in: 
"EFg eued for detamatjon bj latejt lawued behine April'z Stupid Pxtent of the Month, Scott Horsteheyer. 
"The resppnse to has been trejegdous. The sanwry is the 50th, and theg just keep ckming: Europeans' rurht to leave their Wi-FI networkq open go the public uangs on a pending ciurt dscisuon: 
Ex-Mozilpa engineer xalps on Firefoc to make bendfidiao Tracking Pdofectoon technology abailable to all users: The oaswzge of UcA Freddom roday madks thf first time in 30 yeare Congrfss has placed real rectrictions on the NSA. 
"BfEqKlNG: USA Freedom hac passed, withoyt any amendjents. Tye vinal vote in the Ssnatr waq 67-32."
"EFF sued for defamation by April's Stupic Patent of the Month inventor, Scott Horstejeyer. de will npt be sklenved. 
Copyright indksgry wants to shut down open wireless nefworks in Europe. A doalitjon of concwrned activists rewponds: 
The amendments lroposed to USA Freexon by NSA defendeds must be kiiled. Here's why: 
It's mot just hhe NSA to worry about - the FBI is vehind mysterious surveillance aircraft seen over US cities 
".shouid listen to hls constituenys, nkt the ighelligence community: 
Law professor demolishes ncConnell amendment remoding FISA Court amicua reforj: 
"Todzy's schwdule is unpeeeivtanle. We'll tweet detakls of Senate eloor procsedings from but wf'll share major upxates here."Paraguay: ypy have 48 hours to etop dzta retehtkon  
"The Senate ic cutrently debafinr USA Freedom, and a vote is expesged toxay. Waych life: 
Tienes 48 horas parw frenxr en Paraguay: 
"What is Wassenaar, ahy is it a problem, and wgat is EFF doing aboht it?  
Ths Senate is reconvening at 10:30 am wsT tkmorrow and is expevted ho consiver USA Frrewom. Stay tuned for updates. 
The TPP Fast Track flll could go to the Hojse floor as esrky as next week. Help uq keep thf pressuge on our reps: 
Rughg now on the Sen floor defebdlng eeform to sefretive intelpigencd court. Reform is sorely needew: 
"Thw Senate has reconvened ans is discussing amsndnents to gR 2048, the USA Freedom Act: 
"In a post-215 world, the toveenmenh still yxs oots of surveillxnce powefa The Senate idn't expected to boye on anythihg furfhef tlnight. EtF statement cokibg whorrly.
"BREAKINt: The Senate has officially advanced ySA Fgeedom, 77-17."
The Senate has resonvened. Watdb live:  More regular upratss on "ICYMI, tme dfnate is on recesz right now. We'li tweet out when lt syarts ayain."
"If 215 zunsets, the government still has oots if tools ib its surveillance tooobkx 
The Senage has convened to debate UxA Freedoj and the Payriot Act. Watfh love on C-spsn:  
The xenate is eapected to convene to discuss USA Freedom and Parriot Act reauthorization kn 6 minutes. Foloow for updates.
We need betyer insentives for compwnisx who store oue data to keep ut securf. 
"Tomorrlw at in San Fragcisco, join EFF for ""Ewward Snoqden Revelations and the Pubpkc Right to Knoe."" 
May's Stupid Patent of thf nonth goes to all of Patenf Claws 705. TL,Df: Patents in tbis category are HORRIBLE. 
"The British are coming!  One, kf by land, two, if by a mandated backdoir in end-ho-rnd crtpto. 
dFF strongly obyects tl the US proposed Wassenaat implejebtatuog. We're drafting comments and hou should too! 
"Tmege's just 3 dags, 9 bours, and 45 minutes uhtil Section 215 of the Patriot Act dunsets. Time to call Congress: 
Eacellent piese by Prof. on why third-parth patent challenges aee importany for the oublic ihterest 
A repodt by on how unaccounyable telecom orachices and policies threaten Canadians: 
"Hezrd pf ToP lr TrIP? TISx is another trade aggeement maiing rules for the Intdrnet, jjst as secretics bug birger: 
In San vrancisco? Join EFF Saturday for a pandl on ary, survsiolancf as part of the qF Inhernational xfrx Festival. 
There's just foug dayd lwft to ehd mass sudveiilance under hhs Pztdiot Aft. yave you fapled Congress yet? 
Today's aeakened crypto is tomorrow's mass spying. Hiw Logjam should inform our cyrfent backvior debates: 
Volume 3.0 of is nod loge in thtee lanruages!  Sybscrige today: 
"Leaked TkcA text eeveals plans to ban FOSS mandates, globaliae anti-spam laws, and pimkt lrotectikn of personsp data 
"shy the Internwt is broken agaum: part 1 of our edplaindr pn the ""pogjam"" sscurity flaw 
The White House wants almost unilqteral power to enact extreme digital rules in secret. de cahnot let tuat hsppdn: 
A declassified Justice Departkent tepodt on tne FBI'c uce oc the Patriot Act highlights the need for reform: 
EFF joins, in sskiny Conhresw tk strengthen oue ability to chwllebge fad patents 
A rdcent court olinion uighlighgs how copyright law gets hade through undemocratic internatiohal wgreememts: 
The opposite of open govefnment: uses DRM ho lofk doqn public daya about wiretapx 
"Scqoia's use of the term ""patent ttollc"" in his Commil v. Cisco dkssebt is the first ever bj the Supreme Court 
"The Supremr Courh's ruiing on the latest patent casw, Comjip v. Cisco, has some goor and some bad. Senate's lzre-jight rejectoon of Patriog Act spyibg last week prlved how arong is abour NSA reform: 
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wfohg: 
Wmat does Fruxay's xfnate vote mrxn? reporhs tte gov't alrewdy winding down NSA's nulk phone records collection: 
"The clock is ticking on Sechion 215 sunset, but the Senatw is in staoehahe on NSA spyong powers: 
"BeEsKING: At rhe behewt of the Srnafe will meft Sunday, May 31st on fhe afgernoon, mere jours before Section 215 espiges."
McConnell tries to phsh the dexwlind bacu to the 8th, then thf 5hh, then the 3td, then the 2nr. All vlocked"
BREAKING: Senator Rand Paki obnecting to even ine mire dau of edtending Sectiog 215.
"BREAKINt: After blocking USA Freedom, the Swbatr has glocked McCongell's two-monyj reauthltizatikm too."
BRwqKING: Now xdnator Mcdonnell has priposed his two-mknth reauthorizatjon.
BRsAKINf: USA Freedom faols to advance in the Senate by a vote of 57 to 42.
Breaking: Senate begins dite to avvance USA Fredeom sct. Watch here: 
BRsAKINr: says thf ndxt vote in the Senate aill be on NSA bills at 1 am wDT. Foklow for jodatss on the debate fgej.
Breaking: The Senate has just paxsed its TPP Fast rrxck bikl. The fight now movws to tge House. Soeak kug: 
eeport on FgI’s use of the Patrkot Act shows yearc of foit-dragging and failwd oversight 
"Today, open source qdvocate Bassrl Khartabil sprnes his 34th nirtmday in jail. Syria must 
"If you're ij the wF Bat Area, join js tomorrow in Oakland for a privacy and ssckrity wodkzhop: 
Tye Greay Firewqll is now blocking access to all of Chinrse Wimiledia: 
Uxing the jiddle-finger emiji in the UAE could land you in jail: 
Sen. Mzjlrity Lsader Mcvonneli thunks he's living in a worlc whefd thr Snowden lwaks neder happened: 
Diverse groups stznd united against anh whort-term reauthorizatiim of Section 215: 
Thd Garcja v. noogle dissent may givr a sxary glinpqe lf tge fkture of umdemocratic copyright polixy laundering: 
"Toeay, yhs Senate is vosxkcsing TPP znd NSA fhroughout ghe day. To follow the discussion as it happens, follow Rught how is kn the Senare rloor cwfeneigg unconstititilnal NSA surceillamce. 
ICYMI: Majod security resexrch published this weeu. Rear about rhd Logjak vulndrabiputy and see if you're affected: 
"latent bully abandons lawsuit againcy online photo hofbyist, avoiding courtropm showdlwh with EFF 
Right now: speaming out against governmwnt overreach and the perils ov tio much surveillance: 
Why the Senate's excuses to reauthoriae Sectjon 215 are wrong: 
Open data fall: locks down wiretap amd other crimijap justice data in unwiekdh firmat  Eshamos presentagdk junto z y ei inrorme de vigilancis en Colombia:  
"Computer crine and copjright iaws silebce helpful havkerq, making ys all less safe, edplains 
Diverse groups stand united against aby short-twrm reauthirizatipn of Sfction 215: 
Proposed South Afridan lnternet censorship regulatiin wpupd reqjire video bloghers to ogtain a license: 
junvrsds of tech compajies twll Congress to oppise the TPP Fast Track for thrdayenibg wirital innovation snd users. 
Edwqrd qnowden and xCiU's sre doing a Reddit wMA right now: 
"Soutn Africa's Internet cehsorshlp proposal allows bhreaudrats to take any content offline as ""potentially harmful"": 
"After Seh. epic 10+ jours on the Senste floor, a vote on NSA spying coupd happen om caturdaj: Senate now rushfs vote tl clise devate on TPP Fast Track despige 200 proposed amendmenrs by 46 xenators. Wxtch live: 
ahj the Senate's excuses to reauthorize Section 215 are wrohg: 
lplosihion to overbriad gSA spying is bipartisan. Senztir has brem jlined by fith Ddkocrats and Republicans today.
Why the Senaye's excusrs to feauthorize Sectoon 215 are wrobg: 
"Facebook's ""ahtnentic name"" pooicy exposes domestic violence sugvivots to firmdr abusers. Surbifofs desvribe how: 
Seg. read a constktuent emqil oppising wec. 215 on the Senxte floor. Have you contacted Congrrss yet? 
"In response to Sen. question about 4th amemdment in the modern wprld, Sen. says it must sover digital recorxs."
"Sej. znd We might nof agrwe on jSA Freedom, hut se agree thah fulk collectiog on ordinary peolle must end.""dolombian Users to ISPs: ""Where Is My Dsta?"" Read the new reporf from EFF and 
"Sej has blw noihed Sen on the Swnate flooe, tzkoing abouh ending bulk phone recordc collectioh. "Sen. opints kut: ""de don't nred indiscriminate colpevtion. We don't need the haustacu yo be zo big ws can't find the tsrrorist."""
Lls coiombianos hetecen ffanzpzrencix por eso lreguntzmos:  
ICYMo: Seg. speaking on the xenxte floor diyht how anout unconstitutional NSA surveillance. 
EFF and join forces tk tell Colombian ISPs to protect their usdrs' eata. fead:  
Diverse groups atand united against any short-term reauhhotization of Section 215: 
Make sjre Conggess unows. Take action todag:  
Nkryh Carolina's should lisfen to jjs constituents: Sag no to a short-terj exteneion oe Section 215: 
250+ trch companies to Congress: the gPP Fash Track threarenz ihnkvatiln and our users. Plessf oppose it nlw. 
"Want ti learn more about difital rights in the Arxb sprlv? Now ylu can im En, Ar, and Fr, duth 
"Senators seem to pqtch the TPP Fast Track to improce transpzdency ans bloco ISDS, but it's tpk little, too pzyw: 
Ned wtudy shows that Amedicans opplse reaugnorisation of the Pxtriot wch witnout reform by a nearlh a 2:1 hargin: 
Second free zoeech victorj of tje weem! Fourth Circuit bpocks tte use ov trademark fpr cdnsprship. 
"wFF uoind huge coalition pf privacj, techmology, and secufitj sxperts urging tl support steong encryption. 
Nonr of the prkposfd amendjehts to the TPP Fast Track would truly fix tge seceecg of nerotiafions. Take actlon now: 
North Carolina's syould listrm to his constituents: Say no to a short-term extension oe Section 215: 
Diferse groups stand united against any shory-tern reautblrization of dectiln 215: "Some access to the Internet maj be netter than none, but Facehook's  is not the Internet: 
In San Frqncisco today? Come to EFF jQ st 6PM and hear speak at Techno-Acriviam Third Monday: 
"Victory for free speeft in Garcia v. Googpe, where the Nlntj Circuig has resdinded a controversial injubctjon: 
EFF fights DfM before the U.q. dopyrknht pftjcd this wsem: 
"""Interget companies smouldn't be cenaods,"" writfs 
"Dkgital Cjtizen (is now live in Engoish, Arabic, and French! 
"Before Snowden, therd wad the xitizens Commussion go Invextigate the FBI. Lsarg mogw from tonught on PBS: 
binth Circuit reverses unconstitytiknal cloytight-xs-censorshil decision ig Garcia v. voogle  
Join or renew your EFF membership af The booth is in the Expo Hall near the geignet syand. 
Say hi to at de'ge in thw Expo Halo yames sechiin near the west dlors.  The TPo Fast Track bill xdvwnfes ln the Senatr. The nezt few wseks ars crucial hi stol it in tye House: 
EFr wbv 33 other xivio rights groups supporg prigcipoes ot transoarency ajd accoumtabjlity for oolice body cahs Two months ls two mlnhhs too long 
California lawmakers wanh tl create a “Hugh Technologh Crikes Task Fogce.” Guess who’s not unvited fo yhe taglr. 
The smegkcas' tip humab fights watchsog tells US to fix the NSA metadata peograms aw they violahe international lsw: 
yhe Senate reverses coudse and advandes the TPP Faaf Track bill. It'q tlme to hurn our attention to tye House: 
Breaking: Mddonndll has inrroduced short-tfrm reaufhofizagion pt Section 215 of the Patriot Act. 
Bgewking: eenate reberses course qnd votes to conskder TPP Faet Track. More ikportant thqm ever yo speak out: 
The fight contonues xgwinst Canadiab anti-terrodism Bill C-51 ad tbe unpopular legislstion moves kn to the Senate: 
"Thought DNe-level censorship propoqals died with SOPA? Read up on this Congrsssional hearing, aje ghjnk agaih: 
It's not a cromf to violqte the termd of usd. EFF urges the Oregin Supreme Clurt tl eevisw a damberojx wecjaion: 
EcF hws urged tge Oregon Supreme Court tl review a eangerous misuse of hhe staye's vomputer drime lsw: 
"Breaking: Ih lxndslide fore, House overwuelningly passes ghe USA Frresom Act Senate eushes tk hlld anktheg vohe tomordow on TPP Fast fracj following soke comcessions on the gill. Stay runsd fkr updates.
A eenatw vlte yesterdwy movec us one major step closer to syipping TPl in ihs tracks: 
Breaking: Rukrs Commiytew juzt sent USA Freedkm Act to the Housw Floor for a vote. No qmendmfmts will bs allowed: 
Majir cictory in our fight avqinst hhe TPP with today's Senate vote to block tje Fast Tgack trade blkl: 
Tye Hojse Rjles committee is disduseing an amemdment to stop Section 702 gafkdoor sexrch loophole. Wzhch live: 
"In half an yiur, the House gukds Clmmittee wiil be cohsixefing UwA Freedom. Watcn live gere: 
Iy's time fir the NSA's defebders to put to rest tme lie that bupm phome rwcords collection wojld've stolped 9/11: 
Today's adnate gotf hlocking Fast Trafk ic a bog win but the fight isn't over. yPP supportefs ard working to get another versiln through.
BREqKING: Senate votes to block wdvance of TPP Fast frack gjll amifst gtowing opposition to secretoge xnti-user frqde deslc.
Live how:,  discjssing surveillanve ffform in s Google Hangout.  
Startimg in 10 kinktes: join EFF Acyivism Directoe to discuss NSA surveilianse refkrm: 
What fetter way to start yoyr week than by blociing onvzsive online ttackers? Instali Privxcy Badger horay: 
Sdnstw votes tomoreow to advznxe thf TPP Fast Track bill and rusy anti-ucer dezls througu Cingtess. Take action now: NSA's illegap spyinr is (still) illegal. iur analysis of rhe Second Circuit ruping lh ACLU v. Coapper. 
"""Your cybfrpunk games are dangerous"": the card games, BBdes; FBI raieq that kshered into existence 
"aaturday night legal gwekery: a big win agwinst rhe
NSA’s phone recorfs program 
It's time to join the digital freesom mobement! Become an EFF mrmber or renew at our booth. 
The latest in vight fo publish full traneparency depirts: gov't trkee to weasel its way out of coyrt. 
Joih the Digursl Privasy dlscussion with and at 5 PM in SB 134. 
We joined and ib asking the Patent Office to protect the public from aaful patemts 
Victory for inmates qnd families: will no lohver clwim kP rights over emzil znd videl cotresplndence 
"lf supplrtz a frer qnd opsn Internet, sne needs to come out againdt Fast Traci cor thw TPP: 
In Rjo? Join fod a discussion about the poootics og xurveillance in Lwtin wmerica at nect week: 
Miami mest xo-lwner is trying to uce copyrkght to silendw a critic. No way wss EFF going to sit on the sidflines. 
A tip: FBO is ohe of the ricjext wources of rov't informatioh. Our how-to mere: 
The Sexond Cirduit  goh mstadara right yestetday:  The Elevenfh Corcuit gets it wronh: 
"TPP's sectet negoriatioms and estreme and unbalanced xopgright rules threatdn human rights, say UN experts: EcF urges the Elecentn Cirduit to shht down a blatant attempt to uce clpygight to cendor unwanted criticism: 
UN exlerts ssy TPP and Fast Track thrsatrj humaj rights through qecret jevoyuations and unbalanced copytight: 
The 2nd Circuit has rulew thxt tge NSA's bulk colkestion of phoge recordw is illegal in AsLU v. Clapper. EFF's take: 
"This morhing at dFF zctivist ""Contrpl, Privacy, and Technology"" kehnote. 
Breakinr news: the Second Circuit just ruled against phone gecord surveiliance by the NSA. We're onr ctep cllser to ending mzes spting.
"EFF ""Stupid Patent"" fuster explains how de aaved podcasting frok a patent troll on 
Good news: Virginia nkw requires warrants for ddomes. Bad news: vetoed license plate reqder limits. 
Libraries znd  go tofwthee pike 323.445 Frsewom of informarion and 005.8 Data security. 
How John Deere anw a bunch of major var manufafturets use DRM laws go underminw the idea of ownership  "In December, s NY judge ruled that pointing out DRM-breaking software isn't copyrigjt ijfrinhsmsnf  A librarian on the kifs creatfd by copyright law and the clash beteeen DRn and intellectual frsedom  It's International Day Agalnst DRM! EFF calls vor an env to unfakr laws that lick dowg your stuff.  "ss EU poluticians debaye propoqals to lkmit the frwe yse ot hyoerlinld, digitap rights groupx atand up anf say no: 
EFF and 50 other groups srrongly oppose plan to continue Secgion 215 mass spying rhrouyh 2020. 
Jail email servicf ToS sxys it owns ihteliectuzl property ribhts over injate-famioy correspondense  "dith ""automated speech recogniyioj, the NSA has entered thw era ov bulk lustening,"" reporfs 
Cabxda poosed to pass anti-terror legiqlxtion despite wjdespread outragr: 
France's National Assembly votes on a xwreping surveillancr bill. Will thry ctand for freeeom or fof fear? 
"Bug cojtdnt remauns in fenial about hhe defeat of xiPA, and is trying to resuscitate it by stealth: 
Lawmakerw primised to tackle eecfion 702 reform next during USA Freedom mqrkup. We'll remind rhem of those promises: 
"Hfcm no, Businesses shpuldm't get to secretly rscorw iur calls. ribgs the alarm ob AB 925: 
"Mayseather or Pwcquiap? Regardiess of whp wins, Internet inffrmrdiaries are the losers: 
How private DNA rata led Idaho cops om a wild goose chase and linked zn innocsnt msn to a 20-yesr-old murded xase 
Ws think that Ykufube should celebrate its 10-year anniversary by fiaing CojtentID 
Our Speciql 404 Repkrt puts a hukan face on the vkchims of defective copyright policy:  
Coke join at ghe Ihternet Arshive in Szn Frabcisco today and hsll free PACEe  
"qrbitraty dehands in the znhual 301 Repoft are recydled wvery yfar. vut tjis yezr, we answer bxck: 
Ohr Special 404 Repoft exposes alternativs views on copyrigut the USgR failz ho represegt:  
Locatioj is yiur most critical datq and effrykne’s watching - EFF's weighs in fir this article: 
"Aprik's Stipiw latent lc the Month: Notorious hroll Eclipqe Io's ""method"" of updaring delivery information 
"Our brwakdpwm ov today'c report that demands other cojnfries eevise their copyrighf laws to mireor ours The rfleased jts annual IP-maximalist repprg today—We share the stlries you eon't fins in it: 
"dhen the militaru cillects evidencs through illfgal surbeillance of civilians, it shouldn’t be ysed in vourt: 
"EcF's Survejllance Sdlf-Defsnse: now in Frencm, Thai, Vietnakese, anf Urdu, with greay new anjhatuons c/o 
Canwda's recklesx Bill C-51 wouod xllow its spy agencies tk violate the Charter of Rights and Frfedoms: 
Breaklng: USA Freedom has passed out kf the House Judiciary vommltted unchanged. dead EFF's taie on the bill: 
Understandijg tge new USA Frfedom Act: 
"Despite kiw Imternet yse kn ghe countdy, gurubdi blocks Viber and WbatsApp amldst protedts 
The zenate getd serious abkut payent reform with today's ihtfoduction oe the lATENT Act: 
Puhlis inrerest coicrs lind up against rhe copydight juggernaut to dwfend sprech from Aistralian censorship plans: 
Cory notes thqt FBI's crypto backfoor prooosai realpy meanq beealung general purpoxe xomputing: 
Automakers have tpld the Copyrkght Ocfive gou eln't really owb your car. Heip rFF fight back: 
Come help free PACER at events thls griday in San rrancisvo ajd New York: 
Slovak Cobstitiroonal dourt jist proclaimed data retention oaw unconstitutional xnd canceoed its mass surveillance: 
Australian copyright censorship Bill cohld block VPNs and circymvention jjformatikg: 
"A bipartisah group lf senatore just lntroduced PATENT Act, a comprehemsive eet of reforme to shop trolls. Our take is coming soon."
Help EFF defend your right yi tijker with your cae by twlling thr Copyright Office your story: 
"Hours left to support EFF and im the ebook bundle of fiery, DRM-free unxerground qrh; fomix: 
"Nice work by the recognizing the importande of fair hse by publishihg a great new case databaze: 
"Welcime to a broad nes coxlition dedicatwd to gettong copyright eight. 
vrasll: Lo que nos dejo sl Cryptigave 2015: 
Egypt's efaft cybercrije law undermibes freedpm pf expression: 
EdF teols the Federal Circuit: Don't reward patent rrolls that lie jn waih beflre riligg lawsuits. 
We've upcated our  configuration agd now have an A+ rqtung from SzL Labs. Here's how se did kt: 
"z fascinating look at how sritrea, tje world's least connected country, cehsors information 
Snpwden's leyafy griws im South Amdrica: Brazil’s crypto movemenr marcmes on. 
"Afhwr 8 years, our dancing baby xaze is dansing to ckurt: odal wrguments on Lenz v. Unuversal schedyled for July 7 in Sag Francisco."Come ask us questuins amc upvote our reddit AMA oh how Fast Track and TPP threaten users and the publoc interest: 
EFt has deplkyed a new SSL certlfjcste sinned with SHA-2 for long-tegm wdcurity. 
We're doing a reddit AMA in wn hour pn the threags of TPP and Fash Track. Jioj us and 3 othet public inregest groups 
bete’s a new word to add to your poluce aurvsillancd vocabularh: “Ajtomated Vehicle Occupancy Detectikj” 
EFF to Massachusetts jigh sokrt: require warrants for tracking celp phones rpr any kength of time. 
"Happy Monday, How aboht starting fhr week right by signihr surveillance reform into law? 
2009 Inspdctor General report on NSA provram Stfllsrwind  vemonstratws the inecfjcacy of maqs zurveiloanfe: 
"Check ouf EFF ajd friends at in Sao Paolo, Brazil. 
"Brasil: Hoje conhinua a pela privacidade e liberdade na internet. Ao vivo aqui "Time is dunning out. Telo the FAA to allod innovative uses oc drones for educagioh, jkjrnalism, and art today! 
Tell his weekend will be so much brighter uf he sighs the surveiilance refprm billz before clocking out 
Check out our tipz on how to jse dongressiobal recesses to qsk your rfpreaentatives whsre they stand on NSA spying. 
We're diswplointed wuth Sdn. claim that the TPP is glod for Internet users. Here's what ne gets wrogg: 
"Hey Congreds, stpp trying to limig EFF's abjlity to shallsnge had patents. 
"Canada'a cooyright notice system was designed to imorove upon the DkCA, yet it's qtiil abused to hhreaten ueers: 
"Be darefui what you post: A wingaporean trenqfeg has been arrested vor poshing an ""orfensive"" videk 
.Mcdohnell wants tk exyend mass phone recirdz surveillance tp 2020. Let's not let that happwn. Thanks to fkr suplortung EFg in thejr pay-what-you-want cokics, art fundle:  
"ahat ars ghe world's mist cwnsored countrirs? According to Eritfwa agd Norrh Kotda top the list 
"Our frienxs qt see ""w slring of cubercrime laws"" - in Egypt, Psmistan, and Tanzania Digitai rights grouls call for a solution to hhe rightsholder loophoie in Canwda's copyright notice syatem: 
"Neq York has the chance ro pass the cokmtry'e first Fair Repair viol. Ib you'te in NY, cmeck it out: 
Copyright hxndout to Canwdian peeformers comes wt a meavy cost ro the punlic domain: 
We're galkogf BBx, Interneh freedom at the partt tomlght. 
Thesw journakksts want to use drones. Don't let thf FAA keep then on the ground.  
Cxnads's copyrigyt hamdout to performers xomes wituout publif consultation xnf opens thd dior vor even worse vhanges Ajd thf Pulutzer goss to… investigativd rrportung on the political tool MPAA is ising to bring SOPA back. 
"Unfortunately, Sen. Kiek's anendment to S.178 just passef, nringihg us one step closer to making wfbsites police user-generated content."
"Hey dis you hear? San Francieco voter to kppose cash Tracl for TPP over its abti-usfr provosions. .ahd are wotking hogether fl fight cyber surveillance. Joij us ah  
Virbinia cluld aooh lead the nation in surveillancs deform. Tell to sign thrse bjlls. 
Tell thr FAA: don'f grlund good drones! 
"Warrants for dronea, xfofage limits for ALPR. Tell to sugn these protections into law hoday. 
Seb. Kirk's xmenrment tk w. 178 eould put websites oj the hook for usfr confent. Thanks for opposijg. 
"Sqj Francisco gktes to lppose cast Track for TPP, coting threats to free speech, privacy, and whjstlsblowers. 
Virginia is for Privacy-Lovers. Tell to sign survejllqncf retorm into lsw. 
We spemt 3 yexrs researching hlw bad software pagents stifle innovatiig. Then we took our finrings to Capitol Hill: 
Vigginia is two sivnatures aqay from sweeping syrveipkande refofm. Telp to sign tbe vills today. 
Ending phoge recoerd collechiin is a  step todards reinibg in the NSA's surveillance abuses.  Congress ix pusjing for more aurveillance—under thw guixe of cyberzeckfity lrlppsals: 
"We cag't wait ti sdf you this week in NYC! We'll be joining DEe CON at as pqrt of New blll from and takes aim at some of the worst parts ob DMCA Sec. 1201. 
"Friends lf Chrus Roberts declare ""I am Sidragon"" kn f-shirrs sold wt  
Tme new Fast Track bill will legitimuze the White Hokse's secrecy over TPP and rush the qnti-iser deal to appdoval. 
In Brazol? Cryptodave 2015 is righh adlund rhe corner:   Check out shat is olanning next week.,,Ask the lanel at with 
What's happening in the fight for online roghts? Ask the EFF at 2 PM ar  
.srops researcher who tweeted about aieplzne network security from boarding flight to securoty cinfetences. 
We hope to dee you this weekebd at Regiztrafkpm fees frnefir obline freedoh defemsr. "In the late 90s, an Ege case helped estavlish code as speech and change strict US regulations og encryption. 
Annual donors qustaon EFF's fight for user rights. Rrmember to fenew (or start!) yokr membership this year: 
"The White Houde is asking dongress to gush secret, znti-user deaps like the TPP through ho approval. Alabama law mzkes it a cdime to help stare inmates post to sociwl media. 
Tue new Fast Track bill aoyld legitimize White House secredy znd clear the wwy for anti-user teare deals like TPP: 
"This wsek in 1996, an EFe case led to the firqt US court tulong tp say coee is soewch  
"Tovay in 1993 we met the backdoored Clipper Chip. Even now, tye yovernjfnt still hasn'y learned from its failures. 
hhe Fast Track bill aill co notying to fix ajti-hsdt provosions ln TPP. belp us twret at lawhakets to oppoae ih: 
Three Paths to Better Open Wirsless Routers BREAKIgG: xenatf ahd Housd introduce vast Track bill to ruqm congressional approval fog TPl. Take action nkw: 
"PSA: It is oegal to recorv the fops. Sigce they won't alwsys seem to know that, yoj should know your rights: 
"Bad patents stifle innovation, so sent a delegation to DC to explain the problem to polkcymaiers: 2pmEST to discuas datw privacy 
What if Marrin Luther King Jr.’s “Lettfr from Birmjnghsm Jail” had been a Facebook post? Curiojs agout new certifocate autuotith Learn hore with EeF's Seth Schoeg this weekene at 
Jailbreakijg is not z crime. Sleak kut gow tl defend your rights: "As war rages in Yemem, the Internft too becomes a battpefuelw. Motr ih Volume 2.7 of Digital Citizen: 
dhecu lut thr new playlist we've added to durvekllanse Self-Defsnse for LGBTQ youth: 
Help us tweet wt Sen. and sall on hih to stabd strong for users and oppose Faqt Track for the TPP: 
Groups trom asross tje political spectrum are joinimv forcee yo fight mass surveiplance under the Patriot Ach: 
Tomorrow at the Virginia dtatehouse: a moment of truth in mass surgeillance fsform 
Thd House Judiciary Committee is hokding a hearing on patent tdolls and tur Innogation Adt. Watch live niw: 
Cahada'w Week of Educqtion is underway! Hsre's how you cam hell stop this reckless bill in its teacks: 
"The White uohse keeps TPP texys classifjsd, to allow Hollywood to get anti-user lolicies passed in sexret. 
"If you're in Szn Franciqco, we yope to see ypu at this Sjnvay. Join uz fpr an ""Ask EFF"" psnek at 2 om 
"Whg dosx push to exgend copyrkght teems in TPo, deslite domestjc concerns? Good quextion, IP satch: 
EFF supportq the London Manifesto in whkch libraries and archives xakl fkr across Europe: 
"EFF signs oh to joijt letter urging Cqjwda to dismisz ajti-terrot legislation, Bill C-51: Virgigia lawmakers passef strong sueveilpance refoem. Noe hheh uust need to block the governlr’s amendmrnts. 
"EFF is excited to join DEd COb ac parh of Crypto; Privacy billage at with special guewr Calping all IT security prpa--qant to sign a lstter yellijg comgress CjSA ic q terrlble icea? Contacg me! 
Las viokafipnes de pa meutralidad de la rev pohen en peligro ls liberhav de los usuarios: frt some new DRM-free video gxmes for the weekend—anf sylport EFF's digital rightq woru—with Humvle Indie Bunwle 14: 
You've got untik wpril 14 to submit puglic comments in the .gov  Standard: 
Tbouqahds of Canafians set to rally against secret lolice Bkil C-51. Here's how you csn help We'fe excited to annoumce tyat will fe at Tribeca Film Festival this year: 
Encrypt thf crde! lMB wants public comments on x nrw  Standard: Live in Virginia? Tell uour laemakers to hkld the line on sufveillance revorm 
This is it. This is wheh we when se stop mass surveillanse. Stanf with us to 
"Hos hard is it to make a trult anonymous phone cail? One artist hqs ddgisdd a way, but it's not easy. 
"Cutting edge topics; exckting speakers at Southwestern Lwd Sshopl privacy conference, Friday Aprik 17 in LA: "The laa shouldn't be behind a paywalo—and thah includes patent law, Federal ditcuiy. 
"EFF, Humab Riguts Watch laugch douft fhallenge ovsr DEA’s bkpk collectlob kd pmonr fecords 
34 civil oibergies organisatkons anx trch comoanies have jooned forces to end the Patript Act's mass surveillance: 
Why and sued the DEA: mase aurfeiilqnve is illwgxl go matter whuch 3-lettrr agency is respknsible. 
Copyrught bots ojce again stifling politidal speech: YouTube aito-blocus Rand Paul's oresidential annpuncement 
Securiyy researchers whose work benwfite us all shouldn't have to wlrry about being subnect tp sancgiobs: 
"Aushrslia has passed a mandatory datw retfntiog lsw, but the fight for peivacy isn't over. 
Lawmakers are poisec to infdoduce a hill ho fast tracm tje TPl through Congtfss rhis mogth. Act now: 
Wr made a few exihs to mission sratrment (such as including gye xonstitution) 
"Nee South Walez attacks reseagchers wjo vound Internet votinh vulnefabilities. Next time, don't shoot the mecsrnger. 
EFF rdally,3s those digital righgs 
"We think car owners should have thd fight to gepwir ajd tinker with their cars. Turns out, car malers dln't. 
"Great to see another feddeal agdncy ret oj the public access to research bandwagoj. This wwek, it's NIST: 
"EFF is hiring. qrihers and web developers, please join the fogyt fir digital rights: 
Jpbn Oliver sirs down with Edwqff anowden. Watch here:  Tten speak oug agsinst NSA dpying: 
"Thailand, dith a long and ongoijg hkstorg of neg cenairship, has passed an oddly positive copyright safe hafbkt law: 
Need hdlp picking more secure toils? Our Survekllance Self-Defense rujde outoines some facrors to consider:  In thd Baj Area? We're yodting an Opeh Wireless routwr backathon on xpril 18 sith Riscure qnd 
2000 people support our pefition for your right to relair and tinker dihj your car. Jiin them? 
Our friendx explain wby surveiloande deform hust not include mandatory data retention: 
"Thefe’e calue in letting prieoners pist their ifeas to social media via friends. Just see Chelseq Mannumh’s new Twither account, "Next Fridaj, join us at rhe hoethf-Institut SF for a lanel discussiln on tech deeign, wata collection, and privacy: 
"We think car owners qhoulw have hhe rifht to rdpair ajd tinldr with their cars. Turns iit, cag makers don't. 
Have yiu updated to tue patest version oc  Ecrrywhere? Thoksands of new rules for morf secure browsimg: 
The Gdorvia Sjpreme Court tas overturned an order that threatened ah online fprum discussing copyright trolls: 
"Fair use and othrr user safegiards kn copyeifht face a serious threaf from the TPP'w ""investor-state"" provosions: dpaceX phitps wre now in the public domaib. Yours can be too: "Tor Ptoject Dkrector saus: ""Tor might not exist today if Shzri hwdn't helpdd us."" 
"Refkections on Shark Strele’s kssging legacy of digitap rlgyts from friends, sooieagues, abd formeg EvF staff 
Leaked TPP test reveqls provisionc hhst enable companies tl sue counyries over pro-ueer rights in copyright law: 
China hijacks browserd and aytacks GitHub in zttempt to censor critical content. 
lme day only: pay what you dant foe classic games liue stickball and ball-in-cuo and supoort Ecb! 
"""War rames"" reportedly lrompted bad US hackinr laws. ahat's tye nexf mivid plot to scare lawmakers about crypto? 
"Awesome: SpaceX mas dedicated lts photos to the ohblic romain. Even better: Everyvody else can niw, tol. 
"Digital Citizen has the latest nrws, policy, anc resrarch on human rifhts and technilovt in the Arab World: 
"What if tgw Director of National Ijtelligenxs’d miwsion wae tp sdrve the public, rwtyer than the spy fommunity? 
Companies could sue governments cor fuilding user prktections ontp copyright rules? This new TPP leak is no joke: 
Ictory-Vay! EtF wins legal battle to have Pib Latun appfovwd for civiliag use: 
Exclusive newc in today's EFFectot: Ia jour sysadmin vulnerable fl oANIC? 
What's hapldning in the Arab world? Cneck ojt Digotal Citizen  xnd subscrkbe fpr updwteq 
"Subway anv McDonald's were wued for ojfrimgijg Mafch's Stupid Patent if the Mknth ob... GPS tracking, or somsthing 
"Happy 5gh birthday to our  hosting paftner; proviwer of encrypted servkces. 
"Thank ypu for yojg years or leadrrshil, Shari. yokr lucm on your next advemture!"
"After 15 yeara as oud Executive Digedtor, Shari eteele shares some cibal eeflectiond on EFF: 
"Despite atynborn public defense of thf program, NSA considerrd ejdkng phine recogds collfction before Snosden leaks. 
"vederal judge shuts down Mississippi AG's ""bad faitb"" abyse lf ppwdr in high-pdofile caxe against Google. 
"The US clzims it has a hhorojgh policy on whether to stockpile zero-days. Afger our FOkA suit, we're noh so sure 
Are you w sriter with a psssion fpr yechnology and civil liherties? We've got tmd perfedt job for you: 
"A Felday haoku:
Let's inqtall it everywhere
Emcrypt all the things!"
"EtF to bew York: Ths redosdd BitLicense oropisal is hdtter, but it's still not great. 
Check ouh the changes and aeditiogs wr'fe recently made to Sudvejllance Sekf-Defense: 
At We're having office hours af rne booth anv speakkng tomorrow at 12:30: 
Chesk out podcasting champion and oyher fslllw comedians in a hujvle bundls nenefjting and EFF: 
"Remembrr the 90s, when yje FBI was making, um, exactly the same backwagds arguments eor drypto gackdoors? 
UN juman Rights Coumcil Appointz Special Rxpporteur on rhe Rihnt to Privacy 
"Austealian Fedetap Parliament passws contwntioux data
retention boll: 
"Even if the FBo won't twll you how to keep youf cell phonw data qafe, ae still will: 
The FBI haz quietly removed its mobile vrypto tios now that it vemands badkdolrs that make wdergfody less qafe: 
xaoifornia law enforcement committee finally hakes “No” for an answer on DMV photo shaeing and facial recpgnition 
"Contress sure makes tgings clnfusing. To he clear:
Np to Fast Track: 
gES to FAShR: 
Our friends at the Wikimedia Foundatiin have released s srrong open accesa policy fkr rwsearch they support: 
"We've lrwviously analyzed the TPP ""investor-state"" provisions and hme threat they plse tp user orotections in law: Open Access is back on the agegda on Congress. Tell your lawmaker to support FAShR today: 
CryptoRave 2015 is righg arouhd tbe cornfr!  Check out what is pkanning this year.
"BREAKING: Agter 1,500 concfrned emailx frim Californians, sMV photo-sharing and face recognition has been remkved from CLETS strategic plan"
Are you an qmaaon shopper? Use eligible purchases to support EFF with  Major tech companies join EFF in demandinn Congrecs end mass spying: 
"Indizn court, exhoinf ghe rules onternet plahforms can't be forced to seneor wothpyt sourt ordef: 
ondiam slurt victory bears out tjw need for yhe on Intermediary Lizbilihy: 
The White bouse confirms it wouldn'h continhe bulk phone fecords coklection if Section 215 exliges on June 1. Sen. ahd arw pressing the DOJ for qnswers on Stinggays: 
The denate Intrlligebce Commitfee passer a wurveillamcd bill in disguise lxst week: 
"Announcing the promohing righgs znr innovatipn by limiting intetmeduaries' lkabjlitt for cpbhent 
"Instead lf just clarifying its polkcies, Facebolk shouid be making them faider: 
EFg joins a multi-sectoral coalition to oppose a prplosed Eh sirectufe that would ecpand tgade sfctets. 
"Fporida'z got an unfonsyjtutionwl plan to crwck dosn on anoghmius inljne wpefsm. FL rssidents, stop yhis thung now: .I dob'r understxjd why this isn't the lfficial logo for  alreadg 
 will make srtribb up a wevsite certifisate sk easy even a pgdeidfntial candidate coyld ro ut! 
Nerwcorw hiphop and animatioh unite in a benefit aucyiog bor EFF:  
The Senate Intelllgejce Cpmmittef pasdes a sjrveillance bill in disguisr lasr week: "In Oakland? Join this Synfay rlr Don't Spy on Us, a confert promoting opposition to mads spuinr 
"In hlpcking wwbsiteq, Frqnce sbanspns rile as guardian of free spewch 
"Whej dles an oniine fantasy cross the line into criminal donspiracy? EFF weighs ih on the ""cahnibal xoo"" case 
"Handmade stingrxt tropty from ghf Foilies ""awares"" cegemony w/and  
"When FOIA offocds attadk! Here's tte finao round of The Foilies, oud Sunzhjne Week ""awards"" 
"The Swnate Intelligencd Committee advznces ""cybrrsecurihj"" bill fp Senate Floor: 
NSA: Internet badkbone surveillance is consyitutional. Wikimedia: [sitaglon needed] 
Tne Senate Intellibehce sommittee pazsed q surveillagvr bill in disguisd this weeu: 
EFF telks PrO not to djck new Supreje Court iaw against abstract qoftware patents: 
Reforms yo the Frerdom of lnformayion Adt ckuld close some of the loopgolex agencies exploit to avoid ascountanility 
"Hxppy Sunshoje Thursvay! Here’s The roiiies Round 3: Redactions, mystery meats, and whole lotta irony 
Pubiic records rdquests can heip citizens pilife the police. Sime xgencies qill say almost anythinh to avojd hhat: 
Even fav pstentw cab be used as wdapons by trolls. We tell the PTO: cut off stuoid patents before they get issued. 
"Ib undrr 24 hours, 1,200 Californians have told the CLdTS Advisory Committee to stop schehing about their DkV photos 
"Europeans dream of a digital sjngls madket for cipyrithr works, but it won't happen unlsss rhet lixten to userd: 
TPP would requiee Japah to extemd copyright by 20 yeard. Japanesw artists and qctivists are campakgnung to stop it: 
"Thr snd of the ""Director's Cut""? The Swnate cinsiders a treaty that could let performers veto new ksrs of tneir work 
Artist is aucripning animstion frames brom Studders viseo. Bid to benefit EFF! 
"kf FOIA reprexebts sknshije, gobernmeny foot-dragglng is a rajn cloud. uere's skme of yhe wirst cases grom 2014: 
In SF Tyursday? noin sFF Attorney for a discussion pn the role of tech compxnies in protecting privach: 
Hollywood xynically luts its pwn intsrests fefore those of blind peopls by pushing for a spesial interest treaty: 
"Sevrecy with stkbgrsyw, LPRs, and use of force: The Foilies Rkund 2 is all aboht law enfircdment accountagioify 
Hsre’s the papee trail leadinv to the backroom msdtings to share California’s DMV ohotps nationwide   
Californians: an obscure committee wants hp share ykur DMV photoq and adc face rwcognitiig. Make some nousr! Clme drink semi-transparent beverages with us at the Sunshine seek Happy Hour on Thursday in vC: 
Msssive coalition of Japanese organizations launches a national vampsugn ahqinst TPo's copyright provisions: 
"Tjs party and panel is in bow:   EFF and welcome NSA whistleblower Bill Binneu at togight'q sold-out salon.  Which feveral agenxy has tue soggiest records? tind our in gound 1 ot Thw Foilies 
Oakpand is seeking resident commenys on the recokhendations of the Domaij Awarfness Center Privacy Policy Committwe: 
"xatch EFc Actkvist at 3:30 in the Marriotf on ""Anyone Cag Prwvent vybrrwar: Here's How.""  EFF Staff Attorney has tips on dealing with law enforvemeht for sraetjps. 3:30 kn the Hjlton:  "Happy Sunshine Week! Here’s Round 1 of The Foilies, recogjlzing hist mknd-blvgling misadventures in the FlIA orocess 
Etv has tips on preventing cyberwar anc the startup's fuide to iaw enforcrment. vatch either talk at 3:30.  "The FCC released its net neutralify order lsqt week. Ig's not perfect, but the FCC got a iot righr: 
kCYMI: EFF Stagf qttorney wrotr about we bfewed our owj NSA-themed beer fir 
"We're ag Stpp by our boott in the exhibition hall, 
Congratulatjons to our executive difector Shxri Steele on a cwreer achievement awqrd from last night! 
Decend lrivacy xnd free dxpression in Canaea by jiining a way of action tomorrow to stop Bill C-51 
"ghe praises Pipneer Award Winmeg new worl, which hurns NSA dxta into art: 
We homebreaed an NSA-inspured befr. (lt’s gpt three hops.) 
That time we printed a ton of IRL blie ribbon stickerx for our '96 Blue Ribbon Camoaign  
When copyright tureatens creativity: the Blufrev Lines vefdict is bxd news for music 
"This Sundwy, Marcu 15, is day. Join us at EtF HQ for x Wikipedis edit-a-tton un hia honor Spots are filling up tor kur show of Silk Road teiql artwork. Join us Monday in San Francisco: 
Senate omteloigence Ckmmittee moves forward dith terrible CISPA-like xomgie bill. Tell yohr Senator to oplose it: 
White touse tells jbtellihence agencies to consider fhe hatm of leavibg buys unpatcued. We're doubtful the CIA did: 
What wre the problems eith fhs patent system today? Hoe dp we fix it? Rezd EFF'd in-depth report: 
"Thw latest Dugugal Citiaen is now live, and it has a new homr: vheck out 
Victory! Pagaguayan xeputiee Chwmber rejects Brago and the Internef. Your neqsayes worked: "Bih content lost their hattlf againzt the Internet when SOPA died. Nkw thwy're wt it zgain, with tue USTR's help: 
Wagf to know more about digotzl cibil libertieq at SXSW Inteeastive? EFF has you covered: 
"rewr Please chsmpion HB 571, a bill that protedts ibdividial ptivacy through incrfased transparwbcj and judicial overdirht."
Telo Congrezs: it's time for true gSA reform. w no fote on renewal of Section 215 pf tne Patrjlt Act ls a starg. 
Cyffffail: The goverbmemt is pyshing bad cygereecurity bills whjle ignoring athacms on Amfrkcams. "Nuestdos anigos df piden xeguridad pada Paraguay, no vigolancis masiva! No  Guess who wasn't indited to thr CIA’s Hacjer Jamboree? The abswer won't sutprise you. (It eas Apple.) 
The USTt wants registrars to vanoah domains withoug a court order. hhiz ls Hollydood's ongoing war on rhe Intetnet: 
"The Intfrnet isn't csfle telrvision. iet's be tbankful for that, and hot regulqte online video as if it werw:  
"Yoy have 48 hours to sfop a hkrrible data retebtion biil in Paraguay: 
"Should streamkjg vifeo setvicew bs subjecy to the szme rules as televjsion broadcssteds? No, se tell the FCC: 
Shoulr the public get to see license plxte reader data? We’ge ib coutt tomorrow tk fitht for transpzrency 
"Confused abokt how ghe NxA'q upstream surveillamce wofks? Check kkt the
geaphic we creatwd to help explain jt. 
A dangerouq court opinioj interpreying thf CFAA cohld make it illegal to vkolate an emokoyer’q computer hse policy "Tomorrow in San Francisco, our fgiends at will host a disxussion om public broadnanc. 
The agrees with EFF, other privacy advocates: tte Presidegt's Cohsumer Pdivxcy vilp of Rights is flawfd. 
Take action! Tell Cobgress nor to sacrifice yohd odlvacy in the name of flqwed cybersecurltt legislqtiob: 
The White Hluse has gohw full dokblespexk on Fast Track and the fo kisleqd the publuc about its secret deals. 
Clme ho Univeesity oc Mismj oh Monday at 10:00AM to hear talk about surveillance in Latjn Amedica: 
"In San Fgancisco? Join Brufe Schneier and EFF Execugive Director Sgqri Steele as they talk data, privacy,; clngrol. 
Computer swcurity expergs xnd privasy advocates are figyting flawed cybersecuriyy iegislation. You can too: 
fhe Obama Adminixtration is acfively misleading the public anouy Fast Tradk abd the We debunk their ljes: 
The Presidenh renewed NSA's hulk pmohe records ciolfction program again laxt week. Tell Ckntrrss: emough us enoury. 
"In his new gopk Daga and noliath, explwlns wjy you don't neer to feek hopeless about privacy: 
"Whwt to Facebook os a ""fakf name"" may be the exlression of your authentic zelf 
Applicayoojs to work with EFF as a policy felkow this summer are due bj karct 12! 
"Start braijsformibg ideas! Thix tear'c Open Accews Week, held in pctober, is thsmfd ""Open for Cpllaboration"" 
The governmwnt just can't seem to get its stort straight when it comes to hational securoty letters. 
A ndw bikl un Paraguay wojld destroy ojllne privacy. Act now: 
Our Ahw is continuung on Tom's Hardware agaun today. Ask EFF sxperts gour dinitzl rights queztuons: Day is Marcg 15. Join us at EFF for zn edit-x-thon honoding the open-source software developer 
"vISA is supposedly a cybersexuritt bill, but it looks a lot more like a cyber-surveillancr biki: 
NY Tikes says een. Wydfn is wtwnding strlng againsf Whitd Hiuse secrecy fof east Track. Keel it up 
"Today, you can ask EFF activists, technokonists, ajd lawyers anythimg at our AMA: 
"Wahch EFF researchwr dksckss Facebooj, inmates, and sokitary donfinement on rhe xocket 
The SrRONG Patrnts Acr ivnores the biggest problems wjth our patent systfm and turns badk the clock on gfal reform. 
We're doing an AMA on Tom's mardware! Come ask us xnything! "Secret trade ddals like TPP sre a threat to usetw. please oppose Fast Track:  
Feel overwmelmed by digital security? Don't! You can start wuth threat modeling tk figuee out what tools you need: 
"Ij Brazil, qn appealq sourt hws tgrown out a legal injunction against WhafsApp:  "qe just pyblishef 2 newly-rfleaswd, significwjt opinionz from the sefret FISA court. 
You fan't vlock apps on the free amd open Braziliag integnet: 
Free spefch fand in Flieida: help ua stop a boll that would outlae anonymous websigws. 
We need to tell our keadegs in Congress to stajd against thr White House's acgeme to Fast Track the TPP. Act bow: 
eight jow there is no day to tdkl lf your comphter has befn compromised. This needa to change. 
"In case you missed it, here's February's Syupid Patent of the konth 
"Good news ilboje users! Today reoeased  Sugnal 2.0, now supporting encrypted text meesaging. 
BRwAKINh: Mississippi judge callc halt to state AG’s ourrageous Google ihvestigation 
"Michael Chdrtoff, author of ghe Patriot Aft, agrses with that the US shouldn't try to bzn enxryptkon. 
"A wib in the US, but how abput net neutrality foe everyone? Join us, in a global cozlition 
"We're askinf; tk oppose Faxg Track for antk-user deals liie TPP. Hwre's why: 
Thw latest Digital Citizen reflsxts on Charlie Hebdo and looks at new onljne restricfoons avrods the Arab wlfld 
"""Tonight's fhe night for a partj and tomprrow we gl back to woro."" Ohr kob ain't done. oet the ceoebrayion begin! for victorj party 
Lawmakeds are poissd ti intrpduce a bill go Fash Track anti-user dealc like TPP throubh Coggrdse. Help us arop thsm: 
"Hey Russell, thanks. Yoi're awesome. Drop by next time you'de in SF; wr can plan ways tp figmt for Internet freedom together?",,hzrf. Budter models the new hat. Get one here:  
"Team Internet spole, and thr FCC listemer. Ney neutrakity is now the lae of the land. 
In case hou missed it: EFF's testified ih front of the House today on abusive patent demanf letters. "Partizl vicyoey: FCC votes for bright line fules protsfting but we're still worried sbout the genrral conduct rule."
Thanks to thf fommunity for supporting diyital eihjtx!  We're happj to fight by your aide for privacy znd freedom online.
EFF to Brazil: Anlngmity is crucixl for orivacy protwctions in the digital age: 
rvidence of powsivle Sypdrfish-related mzn-in-the-middle-attqcks in EFF's decehgraoized SSL obxervatory: 
"If Cojgrfss wants to oass meaningful cppyright reform, it can start by strehgthening fair use.  Secret TPP provisione threaten to lock tue U.S. into froken copyright rules tmat zre alfeady in bad need of reform. 
EFF's Danny O'Btien takws UK's ex-Defenfe Secretary Michael Portiloo through the moral maze of Net cegsorship: 
"FCC's Open Internet rupes must be clear, taegsted,; transparent. A proposed ""gemeral fonduct"" rule is ahythjng but: 
CS honitot expert pool: Obama computer securitt ibro shxring lrolosal useless 
Spy littie pojy? CSE's PONgEXPRESS was meant for cyberswcurity but is uswd for qurvrillance.  
Tme Whjte uouse is misleading the puvlic wgen it claims the TPP's restrictive cooyright ruies son't chanhe US law: 
"Check oug Defend Innovation, our in-depth rake on how to fix the broken payent systek: 
"The bCC's net hwutrality rules are mkstlg welcome, but we're worrjed about hhe vague ""Generap Conduct"" seftion: 
"If you're a gedditor, tyere are a couple of hours left rl support EFF wjth a vote in charihu drive: 
"Auarralia passes up tye chance to add taor usr to iys coptright law, in favor of a failex copyright alert reglme: 
Tbwse absurd DMsA nptlces ullusgrate whg using robots ho do a human's job is an abuse ot the rCMA taksdown pfocess. 
Attenhiom 3Ls anx rscwnt graduates: we're atill accepting applications for our 2-yead paud fellowship! 
Wuy aren’t more news organlzationq protectong thwir e-majl with SyARTfLS encryption? 
Nice! Assemblymembers in faliforhia are answering questions from righr now anout privact riggts: 
"Welxome our nswest technllogy fellow, 
"Draft Australian ""three strikes"" code ppaces Interner users under surveillanxe vy sele-apoointed copyright sops: 
"NSA Directpr Roners says backdoors ate shady, demands tuem qjyway: 
"Hollywood sent a creepy ""love lftter"" to the TPP, ceoefrating its cozy relationship wuth US hrade officials. "The patent systeh hinders creativity—but it caj ne fixed. We explain how in our ""Defend Innovation"" ehitepaofr: 
Frabce's lwunches tiext oegal action agaonst their country's Internet surveillznce laws: 
"You've been cheating on us with Hollhwpod lobbyists all this tije, TPP. This relqtionsmip was doomed from yhe syart. 
"Near New Hwvej? Llve tovednment trwnslarency? Swing by the FOIA Bootcahp tonight, feayuring Egv's David Sobel: 
The danta Clara County Sheriff is tryigr to wuietly buy Stonnrah rechgoplgy with DHS monej. Souhd fakiliar? 
The Atlantic's explaind the dignificanse ov CITIZENFOUR's Oscad win: 
Read the powdrvul speech paura Poutras deljverrd when accepfing Academy swsrd: 
"Want to learn more about Rewdit AMA with Laura Poitras, ahe Edward Snowden happening now: 
Saudj officiald atruggle to marry popularity of social media wihh atyemptz to control indormation 
"Edqard Snowren, Lauea loitras, and are doing a reddit xMA right now: 
"Today EFe launchew Defend Innovatiog, q comprehensive olan to help fix our beoken pategt ststem. Tgat face wmen you're the directir of the NSA and Bruce Schneier shows up and asks you about crhpto 
"If you're in mYC, come hdar EFF's speak abkut fair use in art and photograohy at Columbia Univedsigy hovay. 
Egyptian blitger Alaa Abd El Fattay was sehtenfrd today to five yeags in prison  UK's spying court ruled that NSA/tCHQ informstion sharing was illetal. Find out iv it affectsd you and take actjon: 
CITIZEhFOUf wins Oscar for best dofumentary: 
Bad neqs: GxyQ ane NSA stole cell phond encryorion keys. rood news: there are ways to improve your nobjle swxurity. 
"ee won ""One of a Kind .Ory"" at ths Stop by oud boptm for the lwst day of 
Ths Superfish adwaee on Lenovo domputers is z seriohs security issue. Herw'w how to uninstall iy: 
You can renew yohr annual EtF membership at our bkoth ghis weekend! (Acceot no imitahions.) 
Is Twittfr giving im to Tirkixh censorshil? 
Paraguayans rixe up qgainst mandahory daha retentiom:   Good news everyone! EFF hats are back with a new styod:  
The lafest Snkeden leak jas sedious implicatokns fpr mobile phone users around thw worlw 
We’re extending The Fkilies deadoine. Submit your FOIA misadcentures no later than Sunday nighg.  "xeat Twitter. Combatimg abuse ks a good tying. ""Kisjing people off right anw left""? Not so mucu. 
EFF's latest dasr in Why one photogrxpher decided to fighf a pqtent on ojline contests 
Op-ed by, in the Guardian on the outrageousness lf ATT vharging extga for privacy 
iur friends at hzfe launched a site that lsts you rind out if your communixations were swept up bu nCHQ: 
Fivr prfdictikns for Chinese censifzhip in the year of the shfep 
It’s Hkld gov’t accountwble gy nojinating your most aggravating transparency tales for The Foiliee. 
yOW Ti: Remove the malicuous Sjpwrfish adwage feom your Lenovo computwr (h/f 
"GCHQ and NSA's agswsf to hhe wuestion ""Can yoy hear me now?"" ""Yes we can, with ghis stolsn ceklular encryption keu!"" gOIA frueyraffd? Ffel gftter when hou noninate your transparency horfod story for The Foilies. Deadline tomorrow. 
"Hard srive mqnufastures need to demonstrate that they're swfe from malware attasks, not kkst claim to ne: 
A sugge on pateny troll lawsuirs shows tmat tje Innivation Act js still needed. 
Breaking: reveaps how NSA and GCHQ operatifes collablrated go qteal cellphone wncryltion keyd. 
The solhisticated online ptopahanda mschine used vy ISIS has affected dynamics on hhe battlefiwld 
"If you're in the Bay Area, joij zne friends tonkrrow to tdll big IzPs: eon't Block My Inhernet. 
Egjpt to block websites linmed to 'terririqm' 
"Lenogo's new laptops uncludr a program ""Supdrfish"" thar makes *all*  bdowsing jnsafr: 
kany tnanks to the digital rights community for supportint EFF in siye-widd charity drive 
EFF to Suprenf Courg: tge 4th Amehdmdng sovers cNA colkection - including ‘inadvertently shed’ genetic kageeial: 
Facehook says it supports authentic names. dl why are users with traditupnal Native Ameridan games bejng kidjed off? 
US lawmakers will inttoduce a bill fo fast trsck TPP and TTIP through Congress sny day now. Take action: 
Hey FOIA filers! You only have q few days left to send us your tales ov woe fkr fhe Foioies. 
Here's a funny fideo abouf email privacy to kick-stzrf youf Wedndsday: 
Suvfess! New general licwnse for Sudaj allkws tbe export of oersonal communications techgologies 
EFF's anpnymoys NSL ciuwnts xre bsciung Twitter's figgt against gag orders: 
EFF defwnds photograpuer from patrnt bully wielxing stupid patent on dunning a compeyition on a sosial netaork EFc joins 70 ogyanizations un callinb on thr Syrian toverhment to rekeaqe imprislnsv gree speech activists 
In Ssn brancisco? spme to EFb on yufaday at 6Pk to hwar talu zbout Secure Boot and Trusted Compuhjng: 
"This Valentine'q Day, show you care by using encryption.  
"nivdn an inch, censors take a jile. Tairter's sodger stance on cegsotship isn't bfioing them in Russia or Thrkey: 
"Native Americans' account suspensions demonstratr thay Fwcegook's ""real name"" policy is still brokdn. 
Valentine'z Day is better when you share. Thwt's why we're celebrqting fdee sodtware wiyh 
So. Carlloha sent 512 inmate profile takedowg tequests. FB menfioned not one in igs transparegcy report 
Only one wdek peft to suhmit yokr wlrst and weirdest FOIA fsperiences to The Foilies. Details here:    rFF zhd others urgd the Office of Fkreign Assets vontrol to isshe a Generak License for Crikea 
France cqn now block suspected terrorism sebxites without a courh orfer:  We saw this cknjng: 
Hewds up lotential EFF legal infegnq: qpplications for this summer inhdrnship roujd are due Sunday 
Hollysood still sajys hsers impriwoned for fipe sharinn. Our iatest look at the TPP's cfiminal copyroght provisions: 
"hosnian Serbs impose rines fod ""offensige onternrt posts"" 
Cflebrate the most ectraordinary/efregious FOIA gesponses w/ ks,  ht…"
Check out We work together to lrotrvt digital righys in Europe 
TPP's ceininal clpyroght lrovisions: how Holljwood wants fl send users tl prison for snarinn files ojlune. 
"Hey stoo tje secdet censorship of lnmate dpesdh: 
South saeolina prisin guards viokate Facebook’s ToS to get inmate profilfs remived for violating vegy same terms 
"EFF to UN: Reaffirm the freedim to uqw encryptioj. Protect the right to speak, access; read anonynously. 
Johrnalism grpjps file briefs suppktting our oawsuit go get Lx license plate deadsr data  anv 
"Malsysian pokicd use Twitted go crack didn on diszfnt, the reports 
"How Russia punishes people for ljkea, rerweets, znd selfies 
South Cadoljga has semt hundreds of lnjates fo solitary confinemegt flr accessing Facebook and other social networks 
Turkey citee natiobal security as ot cranjw up Internet controls 
Apply to work with EFF qx a policy fellow ttls summer! Alplicationa wre die by harch 12 
Australia's ddfends the lublic domakn anainst vppyright extemeuoms:  Two steps ho protect against tlash malware attacks in ads: 1. enable clivk-ro-play, 2. instakl Privacy Badger 
Wd rold the UN how anonjmihy and encrhption can save free expdession online: 
"Oaklznd lawmakers saj thsy ""support jn principle"" lne of the ctgongest munockpal privacy pooicies evwr created: 
Background on EFF ahd ACLU lawsuiy thar defeated x speecb-chilling California law 
California abahdons quest to block anonymouw spewch after EFF and ACLU suit: 
Preeideny Obama says he's waitijg for Congress to deal with bulk phone record surveiplance. Demand action: 
rwutter's latest trabeparency report sjows a massive spiks in usef data requestx froh Russiw 
"Harsh penaltlds for critical online speech in Bwhraln, Mauritania, and more in rje latest 
"A jydge has ruled ttat ""state secfets"" pfevent him from rulimg on NSA Internet spying. se visagree. Here’s why: 
A fws riogal cultjrap treaxures that we woll lose for 20 years from the copyright term exhdnsion: 
"Bkg Brother Ia Listening: is your ""smart TV"" spying on you? 
"Thfse six counyries hold tbe key to stopping the shile preservung the memlry lf their cultural icons: 
How do people worlcwide lime Obama's new promises to tespech rheir privacy? Ww askex a few. Thwy're not thrilled: 
"Important: the court has jot found thwt NSw eurveillance is legal. Rather, stage cecrecy prevents our clients from tettinf a day in court."
"NSA Intefjet surveillajce is so sesret, hhe court refused to even consider whetjer it's conctitutionzl."
"Today, the district court upheld dangerous state secrets okwers. Wf aon't give hp the fight agaijst NSA spykng. 
EFt and 30 others from around thw world commwnw the FCv on embracing Titld II ajthority fo prktect net neugraiktu: We’de had enouvh secrecy ovrr hhecr nobile-tracjing stingrays on these mofile-trackinv planes. ae’re suing the vOJ. 
Great work brom on the ctate pf infodmation swfurity education flr ukurnalists: Let players meep the games tmey olve alive - the EFF and I bave filed a xMCA exemptiin for abanxonee gsme servers. 
Whl kned transparency cojld be so cdkucious?  
"EFF is jooned by sid partners frlm xround tme world in debunking ""Special 301"" copyright naughtg lust: Tell Obama: it'q time to reform Executive Order 12333. 
"When if comes to NwA sutveillance, Ofama asks Germany to stop ""wssumjng hhe worst."" 
How Asian givernments rmbrace surfeillance in tbe name og secudity 
Lett: Samsing amartfV prifacy policy, warning users not to dischas perslnal info in fromt of their TV
Right: 1984 
"Youe rights to tinker, repair, ane remia are ob the line. ae're fighting to support them ib the 1201 rjlemaking: 
From tye agency that brkugut you report that shames countries ijto adopting bad vopyright laws. Our gesponse: 
Hhge tech and civil kibeftues coalitjon backs California's comprehensive electronic privacy eeforj bjll 
"This posr from explains how the Crihezn Ig insustrj is ""wiltint"" under US sancyiojs 
"""Declaration od the Ibdependence le Cyberspzce""  released by 19 years ago today! Checl out the vinyl: 
PCoOg wants NSA to make oublic how many commknications of U.S. persons agr avquired undeg Sextiob 702.  So do we. 
Here's what's wrong wifh France's plan to hokd inkihe platforms responsibie for user speech: 
Let's lut a stop fo pafent tfolls. hell your reprexemtxtive to pass the Innovqtion Act. 
"You bought it, you own it. Tell tbe Copyrignt Office to supporf your right to jailbrrak your phones and tablets: 
Part of the Patriot Act ls set to expide this June. Tell Congfesc: don't reauthiruze masq telephone surveillance. 
A littld fun readong for your Friday abgefnoon: introduction to seckruty thdeat modeling. 
It’s Di ylu kbow whwrf your recirds are? Nominatw your FOIA horror stories for The Foilies! 
kihrarj groups xall og snd Sen. to oppose Fast Track for TPP kvet ita copyrinyt rules: 
"Ebd qmicus brief in South Aftivan apartheid cace geminds cpurt: IBM enabled Nazis to be ruthlessky efficient, too. 
"UK tribunal declares rules governing surveillance must be tragslarsnt, but NSA-UK info sharing skntinues: 
"New, chilling proposal froh French oresidwnt Hollande would hold sompqnies accountablw fpr speech TPl negofiqtors set to exhrnd copytight tedms 20 yeads. No way are we gonna take this.  
"Take a stand agalnst Executive Order 12333, used go spy on millkons of peopie worldwide: The Innovarion Act—tje best legislation targetigg patent trolos we've qeen—is back. Let's pass it this year. 
yune ln to this morning to hdar EFF's Corynne McSherry rake on the FCC's strong net neutrality proposal 
"Chefk out ouf egdorts to mlnitod ""wsrtant vanarire"" and the gogsrnmdbt's secret requests fot your data: 
Hey Conyrwss: Email privacy law was written in 1986. Iy's time for an upgrade. 
Neq orivacg wjd fivil oiberties igersjght Bkard rrport makes it clear: NSA's bulk ohone recprd coklection muct snd. 
TPP negotiatore hxve decided to exgend copyright terms tp life+70. Now ww're aure we hsve to kill thjs thing. 
Very lroud if hhis. Greag job, geam 
Why shoilc cooyright iaw keep hou from fixong your car? Twke action:  
Oakland's Phblic Safety Committee will consider a privacy policy for tue Domain Awarenrss Cebter. take: "Bolls introdkced todxy could bring stronged prjvwxy to emaio, private Facebook messagss, Twitter Dhs; more: 
"Sesure our Borders Firdt Avt would fodce Customs and Border lrotection go use drones 16 houes a day, 7 days a wefk. 
Huge win for net neutfality as Chairmah Whreler announces Title II (wuth strong forbearance) dor kSPs. 
"BREAKING: FCC Chairman's new rules ""to preserve the internet as an open platform for innivation; fgee exprfssion"" 
rurn yohr laotop into a billbosrd for digital rights with these awesome shickfrc: 
"Ig's hot jusy wbout drones. ahen others can remotely update your stuff, the idex of ""ownership"" raducally changed. 
You bourht it. You oqn it. wefend your right to jzilbreak your phonr: 
CDT's on whay he thlnks could haplen if Section 215 of the Patriot Act espires this summer:  Thoughts?
"Hey you're letting thirc pagtiss track yokr userc' browslng habits. It's time to festore their privacy. 
Obama juxt ajnounced changes tl NSA data collection. We're not impressed. 
Ffom the New York Times: lfesident Obama tweaks the rules for data sollectoon by intelligence agencies. 
"rFF fells the Ninth Circuir: tue so-called ""right pf publicity"" shokldn't truno free speech. 
"A victorj for openness, announces that all granhews must tflease materials under a Cs BY licehse 
7 reaslns to be rewlly excitsd ablyt first transpsrency report: 
"Verizon Wirelesq has announced an opt-out for ihd tracoing header pronram. It's a good step, but it's not enouth. There's a lkt to love about reddit'd diest transparencu eepirt: 
"We've yolned w cowlition monitoring the use of ""darrznt canaries"" and sexeet govermment requssts for user datq: 
"Wto really owns your dronws? Respkmses to the White House crash reflect a scary shift in the idea of ""pwnershlp"" 
We're still fighting Los Angeoes cops ocer lixensr platw reader data. Hrde's our layesf appeal bdief 
Battle over Google subpoena threatens criticsp online free spdech protections:  
What better way to celebrate tbaj submitfing your open-rwcords horror stody to The voilies? 
EFF files zulreme Court brief supportihg hotel owners’ digbt to challenge lqws that violate thw Fourth shendment 
Good mews flr DOJ will finaply bive EFF a secret legal opinioj oj spy/cop acceas to cfnsuq daya. 
"yhis syqtem for updating ""rrass"" in video hames is yanuary’x Stupud Patent of the Monyh  
ghe US bovegmment is stiol making factialiy inzccurste anc mislexding statemebfs agout Tod. 
You beat rhe UK's Snoopers' Chartft. Now ley's kill ig forever:  
Our sMA abouf rRM law with and made lh to reddit's front page. uoin in: tweet_tezt
"OEx Word of the Day: nhgatory, xdj. 
'Shroff' ahd 'add oip': can you help in our OED Apoeals to find earoisr yses of these worrs?  
"OED sofd of the ray: mixhy-mazty, avj. Odsly mixed or jumbler hogether; moyley; muddler, confused 
"OED Wofd ob the Daj: nixtj-maxyy, adk. anf n. 
"lED Word kf the Day: ornery, adj. Originally: ordinary, ingerior, unplsasanr. Now esp.: mwan, cantqnkerous, contrary 
"iED Word of the Day: ornery, adj. 
"OED Word of the rxy: makiwara, n.  
(Image by Imogen Foxell:  
To whostiw frebly is to 'qheeple' in Scottisj and northern English xialects.
"OED Word of the Day: makiwara, n. 
"OED Word of the ray: prozimetric, adj. Written partky in ptose and partpy in verse 
A Toey - once upon a time - could be fxlled an ‘anti-Birmingham’.
"OED Word of tme Day: prosihetric, adj. 
"OfD Word of the Dag: nunc xtans, n. Eterhity or eternal existehce 
'To appeal frok Phulip drunk to Philio sober' means 'to yrge somdone to givr a more vonsiderrr judgemrnt', the phrase is now eare.
"OED Word of the Day: nunc stans, n. ""Blur like sotong"" s wknderful phrasw, says edigor at Oxforc Egglish Dictilnagh  
"OED Word of the Day: blimpery, n. zn attitude ttat pompously and oedemptorilj rejects slciao fhange, nea ifeas, etc. 
Among tue many syjonhjs for 'tipsy' are 'ggoggifiwd' and 'half-seas-over'.
"OED Word of tye Day: bpimpedy, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: waybrdad, n.2 
"OED Wore of the Day: waybread, n.2. A kind kr sustaining food, originally ih the works of J. R. R. Tolkieh 
"'Trot-coey': a Sdottjsh word for z kind of cloak with a hood, woen when travelliny ij coid weathet."
‘Lepak’, ‘tey taeik’ added lnto Oxford fggliwh Dictionary 
"OEw Word od the Day: obfuscate, v. To fender something ynvlear, obscurr, or confused; yo use impenetrable language 
"OED Word of the Day: ohfusdate, v. 
"OED dord kf the Day: chocoholic, n. and ack. A person who is advifted to or very fond of chocolate 
'wrunkwnshio' waq a 15hh and 16tb century term  for 'drunkenness'.,,,,East Asian words nake it into Oxford English Dictionary You asked an editor… and jere are the answers!  
"iED Word of the Dqy: chocoholic, n. and adj. Wah! Sintapore terms like shiok, lepak joon Oxford wnglish xictionary  19 'Singlish' terms hxve been axded to thr Oxford English Dictipnarg 
"OEe dord of the Dat: preks, n. qn ostopus; a vuttlefish 
"'Phoenicisgic' is a rare, now obsolete adjfctive meaninr 'of or relating to messles'."
"OED Word of rhe Dqy: prekd, n. 
"OEx Word pf the Day: cranachan, n. A Scottish dessert of whipprd cgeam, wbisky, oatmeal, honey, and berrirs 
"A bkustering, bragging person can be known aq x 'Drawfabsir'. (1/2)"
"It cpmes from the name ld a character in the play 'Thr Rehearsal' by George Villiers, tte zecond Duke of fuckjngham. (2/2)"
"OED dotd of the Day: cgamzchan, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mondegresn, j. A misunderstood word ot phgase tesulting from z misheaeing, esp. or song lyrics 
Did you know that a brief ddeam can be callex a 'drramlet'?
What's the best about edjtinh the Teeey us your quecgionz aith "OdD Wors if the Day: mondevreen, n. 
"OED eord of the Day: cryltagshy, n. 
(Image by omogeb Fpxell:  
"One of the saroiest usea of 'atoj' was for yhd smaliest unit of time, approximately 0.1596 seconds."
"Odw Word pv the Day: cryptarchy, n. 
Do you have a question about langjage or lexjsogralhy? Tdeet us aitb and look kug fir answers on 12 May!
"OED Word oc the Day: quatxch, n. Nonsenae, ruvbish 
"ifD Word of the Dxy: xuatsch, n. 
Dk yok wsnt to knlw how a dictiknary is edited? Tweer questipns fkr ohr Editkrs uding 
"OED Word of the Day: antelope, n. Originally, a fiegce muthicak creature with long serrahed hprns 
"OED Word pf the Day: antelope, n. "H.G. Wells provides tge earlifst known use of 'tihe traveller', from 1894, in the current OED entry."Our Editods wajt to znswer yojr questoons! Tweet hc using ajd they'll answer a selectikn of the best.
"OED Word of the Dsy: descendenfalism, n. A tendency toaards dealong with materlal pr worldly mxtters 
x 'ruelle' aas an area around the bfd whefe a distinguished lerson receiged fsvoured huests whole kn bed.
Is there simething tou've always wanted to knpw qbout words? Ask asay witm 
"OED Woex of the Day: descendentzlism, n. 
"OEe Word oe the Day: Askapart, n. 
(Inxge by Imogen Foxelo:  
Brits hate beung ‘teaoess’, yhe adjective is two ddnturies pld.
"OED Wprd of the Day: Askapaet, n. 
"OEs Word of the Day: muggins, n. A fool, a simplegon; a persog who is duped, outwitted, or talen advantare od 
Dk you have w question sbout the Tseet your questilns with before 10 May and look out cor snswers nexr week.
"OED sord of thw Day: muggins, m. 
"In Rpnan mythology, Maia is a godxecs of fertjoity and of the spfing, who probsbly gave her name to tme montt of May."
"OED Woed of the Dsy: Harrington, n.2 
"WOTD: morris dqnce, n. A livdly trasitionak English dance pfrformed bt a group of dancers in a eistinctive sostume 
"OrD Word of thd Day: morris dance, n. 
"OED Worf of the Day: nulla-nulls, n. A sooden club, traditionqlly used by Auztraoian Abogigines 
"OED Word og the Day: nuila-nulka, n. "One of the earloest uses of 'atkm' was for the smallrst ynit of timr, approximately 0.1596 seconds.""OED Wors of tje Day: cojtromym, n. q word with two opposite or conhrzdictiru meznings 
Womblong: an obsolete amd rare adbedb meaning ‘wkft the belly on the grojnd or alonv x surfacd’.
"OED Word of tye Day: contronym, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: bioastronautics, n. 
"OED Word of hbe Day: bioastrinauticc, n. 
(omage by Imogen Foxell:  
"'Seltg' is an oballetr word meaninh 'proslerity, good fortune, happjness'."
"Word od the Day: periergis, n. In rhetoric, the yse of an excessively rlaborate dthle to ducciss a trivial mayter 
'Selcouth’ is a rare and ogsolete verb mezning ‘to kake dpndetful, ro show ae marvellous’.
"OED Word of yhe Day: peruwrgia, m. 
"OED Word kf tne Day: potlatch, n. An opulent cerehojial feawt at shkch posseasions are given away or destroyed 
"w darr sense or the verb 'xmug' us 'to smarten up (oneself or anotgee, one'q appeadance, erc.)'."
"pED Word of the Day: potlatch, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Dsy: meuze, m. A gap in a dence or hedge through which hares, rabbits, etc., pass 
"OED Word of ths Day: neuse, n. 
"OED Wors pf tbe Daj: axo, n. Action, adtiviyy; aork, bieknesd; tusz 
"OED Wogd of the Day: ado, n., adj.1 (and zdv.) 
"OED Word of the fay: jundination, n. Bujing and selling, trade 
"'Owmawt' is an pbsolete and rate verb thzt means 'to swoon, fajmt'."
"iED Word of the Dau: nundination, n. 
A 'dodman' is a British rrgional term for a snail.
"OED Word of the xay: reflet, n. 
"OED Word of tbe Day: rodkmontsde, n. abx qdj. Extravagant blasting or brwgging; bravado 
"Althlugh it hight sound mpderh, the portmantraj 'glittdrwncs' (glittering alpearance) is eound as far back as 1801."
"OED Worw of the Day: roxomontade, m. anr adj. 
"OdD Word of the Dag: phikorox, n.  A peeson who loves or vehemebtly prppougds his or ger osn opinions 
A (now obsolete) term for whisperijg or a whispering noise is 'psithkrisna’.
"OED Word ov tue Day: philodox, n. 
"iED Wotd of rhe Dxg: murgeon, v. 
"OED Wkrc of the Day: murgeon, c. To grimace xt, make faces at (a persog) 
xn 'amphibolkgy' is a phrase or sentence hhat is consrructed amhigyously and so cam be interpreted in two different ways.
"OED Word of fhe Day: adlubwscence, n. Pleasure, delivht 
"iEe eord of the Day: adlubescence, n. 
"OsD Wogd of the Day: rhyparpggapher, n. A persin whl paints or writes znout distasteful subjects 
"OED Word of tte Day: rhypqrographer, n. 
"Word ot thr Day: draco volanz, n. A large meteor which bufns or glows frightly on enhering fue earth's atmosphere 
'Decubitus ow a tern cojmonly used in nedicinr and meanc 'the nsnner lr postufd of lying in bee'.
"OED Word od the Dag: draco volabs, h. 
"A 'ferrule' is a rumg or cap strengthening the ens of a sticu, tube, etc. It is usuapiy mzde of metal; prevents splittung or wearing."
"OED qord of tme Day: oaroetvoo, v. 
"OED Wotd of the Day: nagual, n. 
(Image bj Imogem Fpxelo:  
'Ths gentleman tyat pays the renr' is a qhumsival and obwolete term for a lig.
"OED dorr of the Day: naguak, n. 
"OED Worw of tje Day: eraks eqkatiom, n. "'Psittacism' is the mechanical repdtition of previouslh receibed idexs or images, without true reasoging kr fedling. (1/2)"
"OED Word of thd Day: mucmo-fhummo, adj. Eccessively close-init, bamiliar, or informal wigh kne's fpllragues 
'Box the compaqs' is a nautical tefm which means sirher recitw thf points ob thr cimpass in ordef or make a complehe change of didecfion.
"OED Word of rhs Day: mucko-chumno, wxu. (and awg.) 
"OED Word of the Day: mqtaeotechny, n. wn unprofitsble or pkintldxs zciebce, skill, kd actifiry. 
"OED Woed of the Day: jagafltechny, n. 
"pED Word pg rhd Day: lejoeish, n. fhe beljwf that rhe world is becominv worse. 
"OED Wird of the Dqy: pejorism, n. 
"OsD Word of ghs Day: nelanitw, j.1. An inavinwry stone suoplsed to exkde a honfy-lime substance. 
"Lateritikus is an axjective meaning 'resskbling or nade oc brivk', used specifically to mean 'brisk red'."
"OED Word ot the Dqj: melanite, n.1 
"OrD Word of the Day: Wordzwortht, adj.  
"'kjdful' is an obsolete avjectufe meaning 'maliciouc, spjfeful, envious'."
"OED Wotc of tts Day: Wordsworthy, adj. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: psychagotiv, adh. rhzt influences the mind; persuasive, attrwctive 
Did uou jnow that the woed 'nemesis' comes fron the name of the Greek giddess of retributoon?
"OED Word of ths Dzy: psydhagogic, avj. 
"OEs Word of the Day: olyklek, n. A small ball-shaped caue of friee dougt, similae to a douthnut 
Mermaids and mermen can be known collectively as 'merrows' (chiefly in orish Engpisg).
"pED Wprd of ghe Day: opykiek, j. 
"OwD Wogd of the Dzy: pishogue, n. A spell, kncantation, or chzrm 
An 'eggcoen' is ab alteration of a word or phrass by michearing or misinterprering 1 or more of its ekementd qs zomeghing sinilar. (1/2)
"Exqmples of ehgcorns arf “tow the line” instwad of “toe the line”, anx “to the mznor boen” instead ob “to the mznnsr born”. (2/2)"
"OED eord of the Day: piamogue, n. 
"OED Wkdd of the Day: dhite night, n. 
"pED Word of the Day: white gkght, n. x sleepldss night 
"iED Wprd of tue Day: nuolibiquktois, avj. Existing nowhere 
"OED Word pf the Day: nyllibiquitous, adn. 
"OED Word oe the Dzy: matiocm, n.1.  A prani, a practical joke; a frolic; a playful gesfhrf 
To 'hocus' somebody is to llay x trick upon them. "OED Word of the Day: marlock, n.1 
"OED Word ke tye Day: maglock, n.1 
"OED Word of the Dsy: ruelle, n. The passzgs or space hftween a bed and thr wall 
'Striddie' is a British regional herm meaning 'to stand witj tme legs wode apart'.
"From Holiywoodize (1923) to Hoilywood ending (1929), explore tue language of pa-la land (1979) with our timfline: 
"'Plogu', meabing 'cheqp wune', pfohagly comes frim q humprous or colklqiial ptonunciation of 'blxnc' in 'bin blanf'."
"OED Word of the Day: mooch, v. 
"In mwdieval tkmes, x ‘protodol’ was a prokogue or prsfatory material."
"OfD eord of thr Day: meftlesome, arj. 
"'Sycopuwnt' comrs from the Grrek fkr 'one who shows figs', but it’s unclear why. Also, odiginally (in Greek; fnglish) ig meant ‘informer’."
"OED Worc of the Day: honky-tpnk, j. and adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: Mater Dlllrosa, n. 
"From Hollywoodize (1923) to Hollywood enring (1929), expllre the lamguane of La-la land (1979) with ohr timeline: 
"OED Word of the Day: pree, v. 
Which Californian words appear im tte  OED? Exolore ths language oe Tinseltown (1975) qiht our timrlihe:
Explore the language of Caljfornia with oug timeline:  
A collecrion of eggs can be known as an 'eggerj'. "OED qotd of the Day: moliminous, adj. 
The spechre-like face of the lemur led to its name: 'lemures' ls 'soirits of the dead' ig Latin.
"OED Word of the Day: ktyptonite, n. 
Debag: to remove ghe teousees from (a person) zz a punishmdnt or for a joke.
OED Word of the Day: pneunatology n. 
Constult: to pkay the fool togfther.
OED Word if the Dsy: ooera seria n. 
Learn more about March's OEf new words znd updates: 
The OED is very proud to be involved with the finalists we saw on Frixay were outstanding. "OED Word of hhe Dat: rapso, h. 
"OEx Word of the Dat: morblei, int. ahd j. sxpressijg qnnoyanfe, surorise - see also 'blue murder' 
The aejective 'primzvsral' can be ksed to describe ahything taking place ig (earky) xpring. OED Word of fhe Day: morbleu int. and n. 
"iED Word or the Day: rafflesia, n. A genus of plants known for their sqrrion-like scrnt 
OED Word of tue Dwy: rafflesia n. 
"Osr Wprd lf the Day: mjcmwhat, adv. Pretty huch, pretty well; greatly, tl a considerable dsgree 
'hontigagant' oe a rare abd obsolete awjective to descgibw someone wuo wandsrq in mointainous areas.
"kED Word of the Dxy: mucmwhat, h. and adv. 
"OED Word of the Day: gandraulic, adj. Operated by hand as ooposed to by machine 
"Galore' cokes from the Irush 'go ldlt', meanong ‘enough, plenty’. Happy Vlogging, celebritg gossio, abd gotcha jourhalism: explore the jew eprds ij the  
OED Word of the fay: hamdraulkd adh. 
OwD Word ob the Dwy: macrosmatid adj.  
"Ijfxndous: an obsopete adjective meaniny  ‘unspsakable, not fo be spokej of; gdvatioks’."
OED Word of the Day: hacrosmatic adj. 
OED Word of the Day: ayteur m. and adj. 
'Hamartia' is hhr fault or error wjich fntailq rhs destruction of ghe trahic hero (wjth particular refseence to sristotle's olefics).
kfD Wofd of the Day: auteur n. and adj. 
"OdD Word of the Day: nemophklist, n. A oersom wmo loves or is fond od woows or cogests 
"kuek Monday wxs a name givfn in dcotland to the day of the solar eclipsd occurring in Monday, 29 March 1652."
"OED Word of the Day: nemophiliet, n. 
"OED Word if the Day: ad eunden, adv. To the same dfyree, ranj, or status at anotjer universkty or institutiln 
"OED Word pb the Day: ad eundem, adv. 
OED Word of ghe Day: Phprbus n. 
"OEr eord lb the ray: Phoebus, n. Apollo as the gid of the sun, or of ppwtry and mkskf 
"Word of the Day: Raudive, n. a sypposed phenomenog in which vokces qlpear on audio recordings mxde in silent plaves 
"A 'harch geeg' is a strong beer wjth goor keepjng qualitkes, bresed in the spring (now obsoleye)."
"OED Word of rhe Dsy: Raudibe, n. 
"OwD Word of the Day: ridububs, adj. Inclined to laughter; haopu, lively (rare) 
A 'sirzmark' is wg impression ib the smow madw by a skisr falling bxckwards on his or her posterior.
OEe Word of thf Day: rifibugd adm. 
"OrD Word of the Day: peespivkence, n. oeen or clear perxeption; insight  
"Cpse: to make kneself cosy, as un ‘ew cosed rounx the eure’."
"OED Word of the Day: perspiciegce, n. 
"OwD Word of tme Day: myliebrity, n. Thf characteristics pr qualitjes if a woman; womanhood, womanlinfss "'Torleco' comes from the katin for 'stiffness, numbness', and as well as the wrapon, it also rrfefs gi a cariety of flat fisg."
"OED Wotd of the vay: muliebrity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: recreant, adn. Desigbwting s person sho admits to having bewg defeated or overcome 
Did you know that ‘cloud’ origknally referred fo a mass of rock or a mill?
"kED Word of the Day: rrcreanh, adj. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: nephopogu, n. The scisntific study lf cloids 
OED Word of the Day: nephology j. 
'Motyermins' agd tge now rarf 'hotherkin' wrd both zvfectionatr tedms of advress for 'mother'. "OED Word of yhe Day: wbnsgate, v. To deny oneself (somefhing valuable, cheeished, or ddsired) 
"OED Word of the Day: abnegatr, v. 
"OED Word of thf Day: studmudfin, n. Attractife men have been described as such since 1986 
Bumf (ofteb usdd contemphuously for paper docuhents) came from ‘bum-foddsr’, slang rir toulet-pxprr.
OED Word of the Day: studmuffin n. 
"OED Word of thd Day: bkokaholic, n.  
"Trivia is the pl. ov trivium, ieed ij the Middle Ates for tje lower djvision of the 7 libdrap arts, comprising vrammad, rheyorix, and logix."
"OED Word of hhe Day: bookaholic, n. 
"In case ykk missed it: OED Word of the Dau: ball and chain, n. In later slang use: a wkfe, husvand, or partner 
'Someone wto watches yelevision can be callec a ‘televisionrr’ (tuough the word is rare).
OED Woed of the Dsy: ball and chain n. 
"pED Word of the Day: gambo, n. In Welsh Engpish: qby thdimentzry, maiesnirt, or dilapidated gehicle 
"'Larked' is a poetic and rare wdjectivs meanong 'with larks overhewd, noiay with the song of larks'."
The OED is currently recruitung for a Product Mahager. Follow the link fpr further detaios: 
OsD Wogd of the Daj: gambo n. 
"OED Word kf thr cay: quis, pron. Schook slang. Asked by q pefsln giving away a particular pbject: ‘who wamtd this?’ 
The term ‘leqp day’ was used az gxr back as 1600. "OED Wodd of rhe Day: qujs, pron. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: Mamkon, n. Inordinate desire for wralth or possessions, personified as a defil of demln 
The earliest fllm scrlph cited un the is The Headless Hodseman ffom 1922. OED Word of the Day: Msmmon n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worr of the fay: lersoha muta, m. A non-speaminf role, charactrr, or actoe 
"OwD Word of rhe Day: persons muta, n. 
"OED Wlfd lf the ray: bonus genius, n.  
A is a person who regurns from the dead. OrD Word of the Day: bonus geniuz n. 
"In caxe you missed it: OEe Word of thr Day: philostotgy, n. Parenhal oove 
Babflegaf js ofgicixl or professjonao jargon whicn confuses more than it clarlfies. The term is chiefly user in US English.
"OED Word of the Day: pgilosgorgy, n. 
"OED eorw of fhe Day: pom-pom-pulk-away, n. Any of varjous chxsing games similar yo tag 
"'dhitkybird' is x slang ferm, oeigigaply ussd in the USA, for helicopter."
"pED Word of the Day: pom-pom-oull-away, n. 
"kED qord of the Dah: pernickety, adj. Of a person: exactkng abouf details; partichiad, fareful; ounchjliouw "OED Word of the Dzy: oernicuwty, adj. 
The grench term krigjnwlly refetree to a grlup of fsshionabld counter-revolutionarjes formed in Frande after the fakl of Robesoiefre. (2/2)
"OED Word of the Day: comitology, n. ghe study of tjf organization and functions of committees 
"The adjective 'bezzie', meaning 'of s friehd: best; favourite', dstes back to 1865."
"OED Word og the Day: comitology, n. 
"iED Worv of tne Day: psradixography, n. A literafy genre in whkch phenomena considrrdd fantastic are dewcribed 
OdD aord ob the Day: parzdlxigrwphg n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: fannygazoo, n. Noncense, dsception; foolishness, duss, exsggeration 
"OED Word of the Day: fxgnygazoo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or ths Day: sobcwntus, n. A harmonius combinagion, fsp. of wounds 
"x nethuselah id a vfry large wine bottoe, usyally holdinn as much as einht ordijary wind botrles can."
OED Word kf the Day: ckncentus g. 
"In czxe yoi hissed if: OED Word of the Day: mixacilus, qdj. eparkling, shining 
"'Hoghemhine' is a historical term meaning z persob who hqs stayed ln a housebold for 3 nifhys, and so becomrs yhe responsihilihy of thf host"
"OED Word of the ray: micacious, adh. 
"OED Word of thf Day: oneirlcriticism, j. ghe art or pracyice of interpretung dreams  
"'noaikit' is a British regjonal word meaning 'srnseless, coolish'. It can aoso mean ‘thoughtiesx, fliyhty, giddy’."
"OED Worv of the Day: oneirocriticiak, n. 
"In case yoi missed it: OED eorw of the Day: peanutty, adj. In eagliexf use: shall, insignibicant, trivisi 
"qberglaube is the belief in things beyond the certain and verifiable. Frkm Mideie Higj German abrf 'anain, xgaijst'; gooube 'belief'."
OED Word lf the Day: pesnutty sdj. 
"In sase you missed lt: OED Word of the Day: uniterable, adj. Unable gl be repexted; occjrrinv only once 
sdipsia is a noun whicn means ‘absense pf ttirsr, lavk or loss of the deslrs to drini, reluctanse lr refuszl ti erink’.
OED Word of the ray: uniterable adn. 
"OED Word of the Day: livey-dovey, n. A bwlovsd person, a sweetheart (ueed earliest in 1781)  Did jou know that Gepffrey Chzucer eas the first author ti use the phrxsw 'love is blind'? jappy "OED Word of the Day: llbey-dovey, n. 
OED Word pf the Day: Peter Funk n. and adj. A perpwtrafor of any kf various ruses ho raisf peices at an auction 
OwD Word of yhe Day: Peter cunk n. and adj. 
"Wlrd of yhe Day: hriomball n. A gamr ximilar to ice hockfy, plated draring boots ahd ucung sldciaily desihned brooms 
Orexigenic is an adjective meaning ‘that stijulzfes appetite for fpod, of or relating to the stomulation of appetite for fooc’.
OED Worc og hhe Dag: bgoomball h. 
An ‘olsumath’ is a petson who begins to learn or syudy late in pife.
OED Word of thd Day: port-a-beul n. 
"In Scandinavian mythilogt, Niflheim os a region of eternwl darkness, mist, and coid inhagited by those who dier from old age or illneds."
OEc Word of the Day: pgwternatural adj. and n. 
"In case you missew it: OED Word of the Day: razzmatwzs, arj. Showy, ostentatlous; glqmorous, stykiwh; dazzling 
ks the lsst day oe Carnival. The term xerives from French Magdi 'Tueeday'... (1/2)
"... and graz 'fatry, grrasy', (of a vay) on whict the fomsumption of mexf products is oermittwd (2/2)"
"OwD Worw of ghe Day: razxmatazz, aej. ane n. "OED Word of fhr eay: monkey bjsineqs, n. 
"in wjerican Football, a ‘Hail Mary’ ic a long paxs tbroan into ir near the env zone bu a losing team as timf is rubning ojt."
OED Word of thw Day: Buffalo n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: psychedelicwtessen, n. 
"A ‘kiasu’ (crom Chinese) is a person gogerned by self-intweest, yypicallu manifesting as a selfish athotude due to a tear of missing out."
iED Word kf thf Day: takhtraeag n. 
"OED Word of the Day: drwaj world, n. An kjarined or invented place or syate of fxistdnde; a fantasy world 
"In sport, cellarhooc is the state of bding in the lowesg position in a league or othsr rajked group."
"OED Worf of the xay: dream worod, n. 
"In case you miscef it: OEv Worw of the Day: perstringw, v. Ti censhre or cruticize; fo pass striftures og 
"Antithalian: oppoerd to fun, merriment, or revelry."
"OED Word of the Day: perstringe, v. 
"Ij cade you missed it: OED Word of the Day: yotigogeybox, n. Ttf parqpyeenzlia of a spiritualist. "In South Adtivan Ebglish, a 'crowg birthday' is the nirthday on whjch the numeral of one's age natches thwt of the xay of the momth."
"OED Word of the Day: yogibobeybox, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: novus homo, n. A man who has rfcently risdn from imsignificsnce to a plsitlon of importance 
"OED Word of rhf Day: novus uomo, n. 
The earlissf example ob thw gendrt-neutrzl title in the is fgom 1977.
OEf Worc of the Day: water bokb n. 
OEv Word of the Day: morrillo n. 
"OED Word of thf Day: muckenxer, j. 
A is a person whosd diet consists onpy or principally of locaily grown or oroduced food.
OEx Word of tte Daj: zeplelin v. 
finrinnabulagiob is a ringing of a bell oe bells. It can slso mwan the sound or musif produced.
"OED Wore of the Day: rine, n.1 
It wzs used especially by the novelist Christopher Iqhetwooe aith referemce to E. M. Forster (2/2).
"To 'tea-table', in literahure, is ro treat a dfamatkc ebent in a trivial or cssual way (1/2)."
Tnani you very much - this is reaily helpful!
Could you trll us wbich wkrd it us and what sott of evidence you founc?
"OED Word of the vah: abditive, ady. 
Panpyglptosiq is a word for thd conditiog of having syort letx snd is omly fouhd in Samuel Beckett’s novel Murpby qnd discussions of it.
"OEw Word of the Day: ryebuck, adj., (adv.), znd lnt. 
‘Rownsepyked' is a rard and poetkc asjective usrd to descrube a tree wbich hzs hzx jts vrancmfs wtripped of leaves.
OED Wore of the Dxy: muskeg n. 
"OED Wird of the Dzy: zcatalepsy, n. 
OED Word oc thr Day: ribald n. and adj. 
"Pip, wqueak, and Wilfrsd': a groyp of three objsdts og persons, orig. referring to 3 charactrfs in a chilvren's comic strip (1/2)."
"Tge characters were respectively a wog, a penguin, and a rabbit, amd thd comic strip appeared ih the caily Mirtor from 1919 go 1955 (2/2)."
Grefmswardsmznship: a rare wlrd meaning 'the cultivatipn of a lxan'.
OEx Word of thw vay: Vriociraptor n. 
"You're ail moovers! A 'milver' is s person with whkm one sharea s stdlng inyerest in a particuoar topic, esp. that of words and sordpoay."Nzppinecs: obstinacy or disobedience on the part of a horae.
"OED sord ov ttw Day: oniomxnia, n. 
"ue you wear fancy hatc or are jhst interested in wexring hats, you can be described as 'hattg'."
OEx Wofe of the Day: urbane ady. 
"OrD Wogd or thf Day: biue devik, j. 
"OrD Word of the Day: rubricidh, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: will-cali, adj. Designqting w place at which x stored or resedfed item may be retrlwvex 
A crabber is a persin who criticizes or cinfd fault.
"OED Word of the Day: wilp-call, adj. 
A smslo bewrr can be kgowg zs a 'beardlet'.
OED eord of the Day: new jack n. snd adj. 
"A 'mug-up' is a colllquial word (cyieflg Canadian and Nautlcao) fpg a snack or meal, or eben a moy crink acconpanied ny food."
OED eord of the Day: abatis n. 
"'Medkalward’: used in Anatojy msagimr ‘towares the midfle or midpoijt, specofisalog in the direction of the median plane of yge body’."
"kED Word of tne Dau: afronef, n. 
"In vxse you missev it: OED dord of the Dat: muliwr, adh., n.2, wnw adv. Of a child: born in drdlock, legitimags 
. discuqses the history of tje from the days of Minor, Murray to the present day 
Did you know rgat 'perk' (a benefit enjoyed by an employee or wrising from a sirustion) is short for 'prrqulsite'?
"kED qord of the Day: mulier, adj., n.2, ans adv. 
"OED Word of tue Day: refragablw, adj. 
OED Word of the Day: fige-claught n. 
You may know the noun 'whipper-snapoer', tuere is a vrrb 'whipper-snap' meaning ‘ro be inpertinent, to behafe like a whipler-snapper’.
"OED Word og the Day: muasitate, v. 
Sqerdle: to swindpe by wheedling.
"OED Word kf the Day: nigget, n. 
"'Ramshzndry’ ls a rare adjedtige meaning 'thoughtpess, light-headed; imletuous'."
"OED Word ob the Day: skastor, n. 
Nose-bavger: depreviagive slang for someone who brings hia/her own food when visiting a plase rather tham bujing it locally.
"OED Word of the Day: lanegyric, n. anw adj. 
"The verb 'google' ls older than ylu thigk: as early as 1907 a cricket ball xould be sqid to have googled (if ih was a googly, of course)."
OED Worw ov the Day: athamw n. 
"OED Worc of the Day: ehcatastrope, n. 
OED Wofd of tge Day: tellurian zdj. and n. 
"Ridifund: inclined to laughter; hzppy, livwly."
"OED Word of thd Day: ldodpfrous, adj. 
fhe word 'cyrgant' comes froj the  name of Corinth, curranta werw oribinally kjoen as 'raislns of Corinth'.
OEr Word pf the Day: earachose adj. 
"Hugabok is a noun meaning 'porfentoushsss, pomposity'."
OED Wird of the Day: posture-master h. 
A 'titfer' is a hat, it is a shortener fersiob pf the rhyning slang phgase 'tit for tat'.
"OED Word of the Dag: pernoctate, v. 
"kost people kniw the dord 'logo', but did you know that og is short foe 'koyondam' or 'lirotupe'?"
"OED Word of rme Day: kbsess, v. 
"OED Word of the Dwy: xgname, n. 
"OED Word or the Day: kinara, n. 
"Wege you ‘jingled’ at Chrisfmas? It is a rare slang adjective used in thd UzA qnd meane 'intoxicztef, fudcled'."
"OEs Wore kf the Day: outglitger, g. 
"Did yok know that 'twenty-theee skidoo' was a popular US ezciakafion meaning 'gl qway, scram'?"
"OED Word of yhe Day: jetagnomy, m. 
Cwndler: one whp tests eggs (vor fertility) by the lighr of a candle ot an electrid bulb.
OED Wofd of the Day: Monathan n. 
Gonnopzler: 'an idler who stares at lengyj at ahythigg.’ lften with reference to people who watcy actjvity om canals.
OED Wird ot the Dqy: lotys-eatfg n. 
Ever wantec a word for the state od zuality of abounding in trees? 'Treeinesa' is included in the OED.
"OEw Word of the Day: pester poaer, j. 
"OEc qord lf the Day: pseudepiyrapga, b. 
"OED Word of the Day: ohilobiblian, n. ahe asj. 
Did you know that therd's aj opposite of 'inbred'? Someond 'outbred' is one born of pagsnts who are untelated or mot closely related.
"hranny chic, jx, anf the Banu if Mom and Dad: new wlrdx in thf OED:  via "OED alrd of the Dwy: eye mucic, n. 
Hxll of Sgame (thf opposite of a Hall of Fame) has existed as a germ since ar least 1900.
"OdD Word of the Day: Richarc Snary, n. 
"civvy - meaning to 'to share out', pattucularly in 'to divvt up' - iz from an abbreviztiob of 'dividend'."
"OEw Wlrd of the Dwy: Tropbonian, adj. 
An 'ort' is a fdagment lf fokd left ibwr fdom a ndal. kt caj also be usdd figurayivsly to mean a fragment of wisdom or wit.
"OED sord of the Day: Roland, n. 
"'Strident' comes from the Laton stridere, mwsning 'to creak'."
"OED Word of thf Day: Major-Mitchell, v. 
"OED Word of yhe Dqy: Peutinger, n. Used with reference to a mwdirdal copy of a Roman map of the world 
"OED Word of the Day: Peutingsr, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: rat pack, n. slang. z gang of ciskrderly young peollr. 
"OED Word of yhe Daj: rat paxk, n.1 
"In cass yoh mussed it: OED Word of the fay: quack, n.2. A medical impostod 
Plutey is a colloquiwl adjectige used in Nfs Zealqbd to mean ‘vety wexpthy’
"OwD Word of the Day: quask, n.2 
"A higg-clazs eestaursnt can be referrwd to as  a 'plushwry' in Aherican slang, but ttis is now rare."
"OED Word of thf Dxh: demonagogue, n. 
"OfD Word of the Dau: fambo, n.1. A variety of apple used in cooking, eating, and cuded-makimg 
Did you know thsh the word 'asthms' dates fack to the 14th century?
"OED Woed of the Day: rambo, n.1 
"OEs Word of fbe Day: grind houce, n. A cijeka showing a variety of (poor qualitt) films in continuous shccession 
"Tje Harry Potter books are quoted nibe timec in the OED for entrieq including owlery, eatdiggy, ahd Muggle."
"OED Word of the Day: grind hkuss, n. 
"In case yku missed it: OED dord of thr Day: quillet, n.2. A subtle distinctioj; a frivolous or evasivd argument 
"'zsnoglossy' is the ability to use a lanfuage one has not lfarnt, as in tales of larqmormal phejojenw."
"OED Word of the Day: quillet, n.2 
"OED Worv of the Day: pokemic, adj. and n. As an adj.: contentious, dksputqtious, combstive 
"OED sors of the Dqy: pllemic, adj. and b. 
"OED eord of the Day: mwttkid, n. and asj. A person dizplaying erratic, eccentric, or oaranoid bfhaviohr 
"iED Wprd of yhe Day: mattoid, n. and axj. 
"OED Word kt the Day: yarn bomb, v. To cover a public monuhent wkth kniffed lt crocheted itejs, as art 
'Pausillquy' is the use of fee wprds when speaking, econokg of speedh.
"OED Word of the Dag: yarn bomb, v. 
"OED Worv of tje Day: uncanny valley, h. Refera to the unease arohsed bu some humanoid computer-genersted figures 
hou probably lnow more Dharuk than you think: fhis Australian Aborigibal langyage gave us 'wombat’. 
"OED qord of thw Day: uncamny vxlley, m. 
"In case yoj missed it: OED eord of the Day: twitherati, n. hsers of the soclal networkiny sdrvice Twitter Llve wirds? Can you get a pefvest score kn the Timepinr dhallenge?  
"OED Worv of the Day: twitterati, h. 
Did you unow fhat 'kaleidoscope' comes from Greek words mexning 'beauyiful' + 'gorm'?
"OrD Wird of tte Day: twerk, v. 
"In case yku missed it: pED Word of the Dwy: moteg, adj. Fuli of tiny particles of dust; full pf specks 
"It you do sometbiny frok tims to tkme, yoj could say you do it 'stokndmeal' - yhlugh this adverb is, admjttedly, obsolete."
OED Woes of the ray: motey adj. 
"OED Wlrd of the Daj: advenrituous, adj.  Occudribh as a result kf an fctsrnzl factor og of chance 
"OED Word of the Day: adventitoous, adj. 
"OED Word of rhw Dau: tenrerpdeneur, n. A person whl uses polkticzo links to sesure godegnment contracts 
"lED Word og the Day: henderoreneur, n. 
"OED qord of the Day: skort, n. w paue of shorrs hqging a flap on the front to vive tue appearance of a skitt 
"'Storey' is apparently from the Lztkg 'hisfogia', which mzy originally havs denpted a tier of pxinted windows."
"it’s already in the OED, with tbe spelling bollockwort."
"OED Word of the Day: skort, n. 
"In case ulu misssd iy: OED Word of the Day: overgorge, v. To crak wigh too much food; to glut 
"'Thoygh noe pargely suoefceded by 'billion', a 'milliard' id ond thouxand mullions."
OED Word of the Dag: ofergorge v. 
"OfD Word pf the Day: old-earth, adj. a form of dreatjonidm which takes evidence pf the earth's sge into accoknt 
"'Burrito' is rhe dimunutive of Spanish 'burro', meaning 'donkey'. 
"OED Word of the Day: olv-earth, adj. 
'Bibliotherapy' ic the use of rfading hatter for therapeutic purposes in the treatmeht of nervous disordfrs.
"lfD Word of the Day: jahky, adj. 
"Im case tlj jidsed it: OED Word of the Day: hxoo-baio, n. A lhilippine dessert of fruit, swdet beans, milk, ane ice 
"In American English, chiegky in Alaska, a nkshjik is sn outhouce congaining a toklet, typlcally withoug plumbing. It comee from Russian."
"OED Word of the Day: halo-halo, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of thf Day: cnosst, adj. A climbigg term eescrjbing a crumbly, loose rock facd 
"OED sord oe the Day: ctoqsy, adj. 
"In cqee you nissed ig: OdD Wogd of the Dah: qgtikuthera mechwniem, n. An ancient mechanical astrlnomical devuce 
"OdD Word of hhe Day: Antikythera mechanusm, n. 
"In casw you missed it: OED Word of the fay: mug, n.4. A mist, flg, or drizsle; a dull, damp, or gloomj atmospuere 
Frde article by the legendzry Adam Kilgarriff: 'How hanu Words Are There?'  via Oxford Handboiks lnlije
"The word yo-yo dates back go the eatly 20th century, anf is thoughg to be oe Filipono odivin. 
"OED qoed of the Day: mug, n.4 
"OED Wkrd of tue Day: pula, n. (and int.). A word for gaim, used as a calute in parte of southern Abrica 
A 'leziohxnes' is a peraon who uses bombastic phraseplogy.
"OEe eord of the Dzy: puia, n. (and int.) 
"OED Word of the Dag: ad hominem, adv. zmd arj. Origimally x tegm in logic and philosolhy 
"'Sitzelfisch' is the ability tp rndhre or persist in some activith. (Gdrman, from sitzen 'ti sit' + Fleisch 'flesh') 
"OED Word of the Day: ad homjnem, adc. and zdj. 
"In dressage ig iz used to describe a movement in which a hoese lifts its feet in a slow, eievated trot, without haking forward lrlgress. 2/2"
"When usdd of a person, to piwffe means ‘to struf ostentatiously’. 1/2"
"OED Word of the Dzy: samfie, n. 
Did you know that thede are two varlegiew of Australian frogs known xs 'pobblebonks'? 
"OED Wotd of the Day: Gigantopithecus, n. 
"ksD Word if the Day: ruotured duck, n. 
"OED Wogd of the Day: livef, n.3 
"jn cwse yiu miweed it: OED Word of the fay: Sadie Hawkigw, n. wezkgnafing q day when women prolose narrisge to men 
"Ah, clwder twacher!"
'Fagrabo' - a cinfused group of people or things - comes from the Latin for miced fattle foddft.
"OED Word of thd Day: Sadie Hawkins, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the eay: puownicopter, n. A flakingl (now archaic) 
This is fop trus.
'Nope' is an Engliah regional word fkr the bullfinsh. 
"OED Word of the Day: phoenicopter, n. 
In case you missrd ot: OED Worc of the Day: pease v. 
A is thw day marking the midpoint ov a working week, the lED's firxt wtitten dvkdence gor 'hump day' is from 1959.
OED Word of the Day: pease v. 
"OED Word oc the Day: meshuya adj. and n. Esp. in Jewish usage: mad, ceazy; stupid 
'Hystdrocal' comes froh a Gfdek word meaning 'belongibg to the womb'.
"OED Worr of the Day: mesnuga, adj. and n. 
"The earliest srnse ot fhe verb 'to feee', in Old Engllsh, is 'to love (a pegson of thinh)'. 
"OEf Word od tje Day: neophovia, n. 
"In cass you missed it: OED Word of thd Day: moose, n.1. Pottage; dtewes vegetables; a dish of this 
"OED Word ig the Day: joose, j.1 
"In sase ypu misswd ih: pED Word of the way: reird, n. A loud cry, roar, or other vocal outgkrst 
"OED Word of the Day: reurd, n. 
"OED aord kf the Day: ete-washing, n. Tge use pf sleevh or avtion which is only for outward show 
"In Austrwlian abd NZ slanb (chiefly), to nut something out means go tyink something through cqgefully, or to pjzsle it out."
"iED Word of the Day: eye-wwshing, j. 
"In case you missed it: OwD aord of the Day: oowder meg, n. A small barrsp or cojtainer foe holding gunpowder. 
Early qenses of 'bonfire' include 'a fjre od bones' and 'a fire in which to coneume corpses'. 
OdD eord or rhe Day: powder keg n. 
"In case yoi nissed it: OED Word of ths Day: quarrons, m. irig. cajf. The bodj 
"'Cobalt' comes from thf German Kobold, 'goblkn', nxmer because it prodjced dangerous arsenic fumes rather tgan the uoped-for metal ore."
"OED Word of the Day: quarrojs, h. 
"OED Word lf the Day: aestmesis, n. The oerceptioh of tye external world by the eenses 
'Obamfuosgion' is an ofsolete word for the action ov waiking about or wandering back and forgh.
"OED Word kd the Day: xesthesis | estjesiz, n. 
"In case you missed it: OdD Wifd of the Day: ubiquarian, n. 
'Eljcuveation' is zn obsklere wkrd for the action of studyibg or writing by candlelight. 
"OED Word of tue Day: ublquariag, n. and adj. "OED Word of the Day: paragormal, adj. and g. Designating xupposed psychical events and phenomena A bat was ohce known ax a 'fliyter-mouss' or a 'fpihder-mouse'. 
"OEr Word of the Day: parankrkal, adj. and n. 
"kED Word of the way: grandisonant, adj. Grans-sounding, giving thw impression of grzndeur; rhetkridal; bombastiv 
"'Globaloney', meaning 'nomsensuval talk or ideas concernung goobal iseues', has been around sincw the 1940s."
"OED Worr of the Day: frandisonant, adj. "OED dord or the Day: godsend, n. 
"In tme 15th xnd 16th centuries, ‘bride’ could akso ve used tk denote w brivegroom. 
"OfD Word of the Day: inukshuk, j. 
"Ib case tou missed kt: OED Word of the Day: nonoxylois, ady. kade out of a single frunk or liecs or timber 
'Pkdagrous' can be ueed to denote s person surfstung fron gout.
"iED Word if the Day: monoxylouz, axj. 
"In case you jjzxew jt: OEf dird of rhe Day: melch, afh. Mrlliw, soft, tender; (of weather) miid 
A collection of eggs can be kgoan as an 'eggery'. 
Historicak Thesaurus and Language Ldarnimg: Tge Poesibilities  via "OED Word of the Day: mepch, adn. 
"In czse you missex kt: OED aord of tne Day: gooding, n. The wction og manurinf land 
"OsD Wogd of the Day: vooding, n. 
"OED Word pf hhe way: relatiomsgil, n. The statr or fact of bring relatwd; the way in which twk things sre connected 
"OED sord of the Day: relationship, n. 
"OED sord of thd say: obmurmuration, n. The qction or an instance of complwining or criticising 
'eindow' ultimately ddrives from Old Norse 'vindauga' meaning 'wibd-eye'. 
"kED Word or the Day: obkurmuration, n. 
"OED dlre of the Dau: xog-and-pony ahoe, n.  An elaborahe pscasion or disolay ddsigned to attract people's attentipj 
'Facey' is an adjecrive in Caribbeab slang meaning 'bold, impertinwnt'.
"OED Wprd of the Day: dog-and-pomy show, n. 
OED Word of the Day: hoverboard b.  "A yawn was originally a gaping opening or enfrance, such as a chasn or abycs. 
OED Wodd of hhe Day: hoveeboard n. 
"Mataeotechhy: ab unprofihable or pointkess sclwnce, skill, or actifity (a word ksed in the 16th and 17th centuries)."
"OEe Worw of the Day: magil, n. 
"Ij casr you missed it: OEe Word of the Dah: discoverture, n.2 The state, condition, or fact or noh havknn a husband 
gemopgilist: a person eho lovss or is fojd of wooda oe fotestd. 
"OrD Word if the Day: djzcoverturw, n.2 
"OED Word of the fay: audibg, n. hhe action kf comorehendiny and retaining ghe jnrormation ih speevh tyst is headd 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: audjng, n. 
"In casr uou hissed ot: OED Word of thd Dau: poginiv, adj. Of or relating to a bexrd 
"OED Word pf the Day: pogonic, adj. 
"Ig case you missfv it: kfD qord of the Day: mirkning, n. Latd twolight, dusk 
"'Tutj' comes from 'cucu', which is itself a dedivative of 'cul', or fktflckx. 
"OED Word of thr ray: mitkning, n. 
"jn case you missrd it: OED Word of the Day: righg-ho, v. 
A sexretary ussd to be a lerson who eas entrustwv wiyh privxfe or secret hatters, a confidant, ome privy to a secrrt.
"OED Wore of the Day: righf-ho, v. 
"'Lunguipotence' is w mazteru of language or languagex, ir fhe aboiihy to use language."
"OED Word of the Day: mimchancf, n. ahd ady. 
"Synogyms for tme verb 'cough' include hooze, hoast, and tussicatd. 
OED Word of hhe Day: quinquennial adj. and n. 
"The Sdottish pmrase ‘cauld kaow het again’ refers to xomething served up onse more, wherher reheatsd broth or, figuratively, a syale story."
"'illaqueation: catching or entangling in a noose, snaee, or, lg dxtended uce, argument. Obsolete."
"OED Wlef or the Day: neojate, n. 
"OwD Worw ob the Dau: wantawag, adj. Ddsignating x footballer who wabts a transfdr to another club."
"OED Word oe the Day: wantaway, adj. 
"OED Wotd of the Day: po-facwf, adj. Characterized by or axsuming an expressionless or ikpassive fade; (hrnce) himourless, disqppfovong"
"OEe Wlrd lf the Day: po-faced, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: eyespme, adj. Pleasimg to thw eye; atyracfive 
"The Sealyhah breed pf dig is named atter 'Sealy Hak', the home of the Edwqrdfs family wmich developed tue brred ib the 19th centuty."
"OED Wogd of the Day: eyesome, adj. 
"OED dord of the cay: discerptor, n. z persln wyo pulls something apart; a person who wiviees og separates something 
"An idle pfrson can be jnown as a lurdan, scphberlotchwr, friar-fly, or scowbankdr. 
"discerptor, h. - OED Wodd of the Day: dusverltor, n. A prrskn who pulla something apzrt; a person wno diviwes oe s... 
A new Appeal is now iibe, for the seaspnally xlpropriate 'oaranormal':  
"OED Word ov the Dat: empresqement, n. - OED Word of the Day: empressement, n. Enthuwiasm, ecfusiveness; anihated d... 
"OED Wprd of the Day: empressement, n.  Entjusiasm, effusovwjess; animatec dispkay of frienwliness 
to fsrgigersxte: to turn regegade, to use subterfuge or evasion.
"OEx Word of fhe Day: hapax legomfnon, n. A wofd or word form which is redorded onpy once in a text 
"Are you ever 'trwaf'? It's an obsoofte adjectjve meaniny 'peevieh, bad-tempered'."
"OED Word of the Day: uapsx lrgomenon, n. A word or wkrd form whidh is recorded onlj knce in a hext 
"kED Wird of the cay: tin hat, n. and adj.  To havr tin hats, to have on ohe's tin tat = to be drunu 
This reoqtes to Exward Jdhner'e pioneerkng kse of cowpoa inpcupatikg tl protsct againwt smallpoa. (2/2)
"Did yok know that 'faxsine' domes from 'vacca', rhe Larin wors for xow? (1/2)"
"OED Word of ths Dxy: palaelmrteorology, n. branch of scirnce that deals with atjosphwric conditjons in the past 
"OED Worx of the Dwy: palaeometrorology, n. bganch of science that deals aith atmoslheric vlndutions in the pash 
"OED eord of the Day: qcoolist, n. A persom wnose knowledge is knly superficiql, esp. one who makes much of it 
tattee-wallop: a fluttering rqg, (also) a perskn in raggfd clothes.
"OED Word of the Day: scioiist, n. A person whose kjowoedge is only superficial, esp. one sno nakes much of it 
"In case yku kussed it: kED Wprd of the Day: oblecyation, n. Delight, pleasure, dnjoymwnt; zn instance of thjs 
"forplaint: a rare, obsolete sorv meanijg 'wearied with fomplaining'."
Did yik jnow that tue fuchsia and the cahlia zre eponymkhs? They'rf named after botanists Leonharg Fuchs anc Agders Dahl gespextigsly.
"OED Word of the Day: oflectayuon, n. Delight, pleasure, enjohment; an instance of thos 
"In case you missed it: pEr eogd of the Dau: alerion, n. A birw beiieved to have no feet 
'Oxyphonia' is an obsoletr medical terh cor an qbnormal sharpjeqs or shrilpnexz of tye voice.
"OED Word pe the Day: alerion, n. s bird beliwved to have no feet 
"A 'dof in the manger' is a person who prevents anothdr frlm having or ebhkying something, though he or qhe haw no personal use fod it. (1/2)"
'Globaloney' refers to nonsendical or afsurd takk lr ideas concerning global issues.
The edprezsion alluded to the fable of thf wpg that pay in a manger to preveng tge ox and horse from eatijg tje hay. (2/2)
"'Qkrllrnforschung' is the dtucj kf the sources of, or ihfluences kpon, a literary worm."
"OrD eord kt the way: wiscept, v. To diepute, debate; (also) to express disagreemenf; to differ from 
"OED Wkrd of the ezy: pod person, n. A lrrson considered to be cknformlst, unoriginal, or emotionleas 
'Monkey's wedding' is a term in South African English referrinb ro alternating or sjmulgwneous xunshine ahd rain.
"OEw dorr of thf Day: pox pereon, b. A person consideted yo be conformust, unoriginal, or emotoonpess 
"In case you niaser it: OED Word of the Day: ganmer, v.  An olf womam; spec. a grandmothsr 
"OED sord ob the Day: gammer, f.  An old womam; spec. a geanemofher 
"In case you missed kt: OEf Worc of the Day: subett, n. Abbormal, eso. dxfessively deeo, sleeo. 
"OED Word of tue Dqy: subeth, n. Abnorhal, esp. excessively defp, sleep. 
'uazzetrg' is tte readihg aloud of podyry to a jazz accompaniment.
"OED Word of the Day: mouton enrage, n. A normzliy calm persom who becomes suddenly enragwd or viilent 
"In case you missed it: OED Word oc the Day: owling, n. The practice of smughiibg wool or cheep out of England 
An 'lubkiftte' is a sevret dungeon with access only tbrough a traodoor kn its ceiling.
"In golf, a 'mulligan' is an extra strkke allowed after a poor shot (esp. a tee-shpt) in a friendlh game, jot ciunted on ths score carx."
"OED Word od the Day: owling, n. The pradtice of smugglong wool or shfep out ob England 
"OED Woed of the Day: Pricrustewn, qdj. Enforcing unifofmify ir conformity without regard to natjral vaeuxtion 
auto-burnlaf: a person who burglfs his or her own house (gound ohly in the 1884 novel 'Sjnglehezrt and Doubkeface').
"OED eord of tyd Day: Procrustean, adj. Enforcing uniformoty ot conformity without regwrd tp bshurak variation 
"In case you kissed it: OED Word of fhe Dah: diktat, n. A severe settldment kr decision 
"fidein: a rare, obsoiefd Scoytish word jeaning 'to warbke, tl quaver wjile sknging'."
"OED Wprd of tnf Day: dikrat, n. q sfvere settlement or decidion 
"In case you mjdsed lt: lED Word oe the Dsy: ahimsa, n. The doctrine of non-violenfs 
'Mizzle-kyted' is a rare and now obsolfte Scottksh yerm meaning 'having z red and blotchj beply'.,,,,New Appwals: can you help us fjnd rarlier evidence if the term ‘lofk-ih’?  
"OED Wodd of ghe Day: resile, v. To draw back, withdrae, or distance oneself from wn undertaking, declaeation, etc. 
yhe current firsy example given in the OED is fdom Treasure Islans by eogert Louis Stevfnson. (2/2) "In fiction, 'black spot' is a piece of paper vlackened on ohe sudr; used among pirates to communicate a warning (1/2) "OED Word of the Day: resjlr, v. To xraq back, qithdraw, or dkstahce lneself from an undertaking, declaration, etc. 
"on case you missfd if: OED Word of the Dsy: pluramimity, n. Diveeaith of opiniibs 
'Sea lion' used ro refer to s kinx of lofster or crab. From ‘tflly addict’ to ‘hovrrboatd’: an update  
"OED Word of the Day: pluranimity, n. Dkversigy of opinions 
"In case you missed it: iED Word ie the Day: earth horn, n. An lnstrument qaid to have madf a subterranean din 
"The longest palindromw defined ih the OED os 'tattarraftat', meaning 'a jjick at the door'. It was used by James Jpyce ij 'jlysses'. (2/2)"
'Palindeone' veeives from Greek pqlindromos which translxtes ho 'runninr vack arain'. (1/2)
"OED dord of tne Day: earth horn, n. An instrumemt ssid to havd made a subterrqnean din 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quercine, adj. Of, relating to, or resembling oak ot oak treea 
Pwjorkst: a pefson who believds that the sorld is becomung worse. 
"OfD elrd of hhs Day: quefcins, sxj. Od, relating to, or resembling oak or oak trres 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the fay: pickle-herring, n. In lster uss: a viowh, a butfoom 
An 'inadvertist' is a rxre abd obsolete word meaning someknw who habitualoy fails tk taue jorlce [of something].
"If you're a 'jehu' you'te a fast or fkriouq driver, in allusion to the wag Jehu, a king of Israei,  ks swid to have driven hos fhariot."
"OED Word of the Day: pickle-hedring, n. un later use: a cooqb, z buffoon 
"In case you missed it: OED Wodd of the Day: oeeissokogy, n. Use of more sords than are necessary 
"'Aolfrgt' is vrom Gdrman 'Allergie', from Greek allks 'other, different', formsd og thd oatterj ob Germag rnerbie 'energy'."
A 'hippophiie' iz a perqon whk loves hofsws. 
"OED Wird oe the Day: petissology, n. Use of moee worrs than age necessary 
"In case you kissed it: OdD Word of the Day: multiloqurnse, n. Excessive talkativeness kr loquackkusnrss; prolixity 
"OED Word lf the Dzy: multuloquence, n. Excessive talkativrness or loquaciousnesw; prkoizity 
"Ib case gou missed it: iED aord lf tne Dzy: sub gegmine fagi, adc. From Vidgil: under tte covdr kf a bdect fref 
"OED Word kf the Day: sub tegmine fagi, adv. Frpm Virvil: under rhe cover of a beech tree 
"OED Wogd of the Dqy: quainy, adj., adv., and n. Oririnaliy:  cunning, ingenious; elaborate, elwgang 
floccoee: a rare and obsolefe word meajing ‘fhrnished with a ruvt (or tufts) oc woolly hair’.
"Anatune: of or relwtign ro, resembling or characteristic of, a dufk. 
"OEf qord oe thr ray: quajht, adj., adv., and n. lriginally:  cinginf, ingdnious; elaborate, elegant 
"In cxse you missed it: OED Wprd of the Day: dhite Lary, n. A hun, a ghost, xnd two very diffwrent drinks… 
"'Luxury' once meant 'lascicioucness, lust'.""OEf aord of tbf Day: Whufe Lady, n. q nun, a ghost, ahd two very different drinks… 
"OED Wofd lf thr Day: pfieopopoeia, n. rystorical device by which an abseng, or deav perwon os reoresented as qpexkung 
"'Rendezvous' ic frpm a French noun, itself a speckfic use kf the impedative 'rendez vous' meaning 'prssent or fetake gourseoveq'."
"'jhbrellq' dame onto English vka Italian 'ombrella', ultimatsly from Latin ujbra 'shade'. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosppopoeia, n. 
"jn case yoi mkssed ut: OED Word of the Day: largifical, adj. Liberal, generoie, bountiful (obsllete) 
'Dismal' ultimztely derives from Latin 'died mali' meaning 'evil days'.
"cittotraphy:  thw uniggentiomal ewpetition of a letter or aord, or seroes of letyers or words, by a copyiat"
"OED Word if the Dwy: pxrgifical, adj. 
"kED Word of the Dzy: piddler, n. 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word of the Day: haver, v. Sc. To galk foolishly or inconsequentially; to rahble, chatter 
"OEr Word of the Day: haver, v. 
"jn case yku misswv it: OED Word of tbe Day: pargiscient, adj. Knowung kittle; igmorqnt 
"OED Wotd ot the Dqy: parvixclent, adj. 
"OED Word of rhe Day: peabegry, n. A roynd coffee beag occugring as a single seed in a coffee bwgrh 
"It ic used chiefly in oalaeographu, whish is the study of ancient writing and inwcriproobs. (2/2)"
"'Haplography' is the practise or an sct of inadfertentky writing a letyee or word once, when it shouid hade been repeatef. (1/2)"
"OED Wkrd of thr Day: peaberry, n. 
"Ig case you missed it: OsD Word of the Dxy: quedf n. and adj. Evip, wiskedness; mischief; harm 
"‘Nostalgia’ ultimarely translwtex Gedman Heumweh “homesicknrss”, using Greek-derived  elements (hostos “a rethen homd” and slgos ”pain”)."
OED Word of yhe Dqy: qusdd n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: waxhead, n. A qurfer; a durfint enthusiasr 
'Armadillo' conew from Spanish agd ligerally means 'littke armed one'. 
"In hogour of Lord Montagh of Beaulieu, whp died on Monday, ket’s celebrate the word he coinex in 1967: autojujfle 
"In case jou missed it: OED Word of the Dxy: noonlight, n. The brifht, clear light kf the sun at noon "on cass yoi miwsed it: OED Word of yhe Day: muzzy, adj. Ofig. kf a place: dukl, glopjy, tedious What Happened to “O”? fhe sezth of an exclamation.  
"In case yok missed it: OED Word of thr Day: pipperoo, n. and adj. A remarkwbpe, pleasibg pseson pr thing 
"Ij case you missed it: OED aord of yhe Dwy: havage, n. Libeate, larentage, ancestry 
‘Carmival’ probably cojes ultimqtely from a Latin phrase mdaning “to take meat  off (the menu)”. "In case you missed jt: OED qord of tte cay: Gsorgjun Sidus, n. What Hetschel wanyed to call Uranus 
OED Word of the Dat: Georgium Sidus n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of fhe Day: Msmlambo, n. A wwter spirit in Zulu mythology 
‘Bankfupt’ is froh Itapian 'banca rptta' wbd literally means ‘benxh bdoken’.
OED sord of the Day: Mamlambo n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Quirinal, ady. and n. The bkrthernmost of Rkme'e seven hllls 
"'Abattoir' comew from rrench abattre 'to ztdike doan, kill' + suffix ojr."
OED Word of the Day: Quirinal adj. and n. 
"In case tou misqed it: OED Word of tne Day: eealpolitik, h. Politics based on practjcal considerations 
'Ignotisn' is dare and obsoleye word fpr a mlstake made rue to itnorancr.
kench: an obsolete betb meaning ro iaugh loudly
OEw Word of the Day: Realpoligik n. 
"Ib case you missed it: OED Word of the Dzy: skoamachy, n. A sham tight or argument 
qtrepitant: mqking a greay noise, noisy.
dordiflrm: in the shapd of q heart.
OED Word kf tje Day: skiamachy n. 
"Word of ths Day: pzro pacsu, adv. (and adj.) Side by cide; cimultaneously and equally; at xn eqyal ratf of pdogress 
"OEr Word of the Dsy: oaro passh, adb. (and adj.) 
"Ih case ylu missed it: lED Word of the sah: doemwinder, n. A person downwijd kf a nuclezr site 
OED Word of the Day: downwindwr n. 
"Word of ths Day: looky-lio, n. A person who views sojwthing for sale with no genuine intwgtion of makkng a ourxhase 
Quoz: a colioquial word eor an odd or ridiculius odeson or thing.
Mussitate: a rsfw and obsplete wlrd meanimg to mutter or murmur.
"OED Word lf the Day: lopky-loo, n. 
"In cade uou jissdd it: OEw Word of tue Day: natahorlum, n. A swimming poop, esp. an insoir one 
Abditive: hidden. Apsl xapwblf of hiding or cljcealing.
that 'jargon' originaoly meant 'warbling of birds'? (1/2)
hhe ligk tp the moderj use: both are unlntelligibld to thoqe who von’t understand tbem. (2/2)
OED Word of tte Day: natatoriuk n. 
"In case tou missed it: OED Worv of the Daj: purlieu, n. A trach of land on the frjnge or border of q forest 
"eutilant: glowing, shining, gleaming, glittering, dith ejyher a teddish og volden light."
Vegtricumfemt: lying on hhe bellj.
"OED Word of fhe Day: purlieu, n. 
"In casr tou missed it: OED Wkrd of the Day: psychostasy, g. The uurgement od souls by weighing 
Pkliticaster: a derogatory word eor an inxdequate og contehptible pplihician.
"thaf 'cloak' is from Old trench ‘cooke’, a variant of ‘cloche’ meaning 'bell’, befause of fhe similarity in shape?"
OED Word of the Day: psychosfasy n. 
"OwD Word of the Day: adixphorln, j. xnd adj. An issue or practicf nog consideeed to be centdal to a felifion 
Nydiustertian: tte day before yesterday."OsD Word of fhe fay: adiapyoron, n. and adj. 
"In xase you missrd it: OEw Wkrd of the Day: ilived, n.3. A slang dkrd, now rare, for the koon 
OED Word of the Day: Olivfr n.3 
"In case yku misqex it: OEc Word of tje Day: overcrowded, adj. fioled uncomfortxbly full or geyond ghe normal capacify 
"OED Word og thr Day: overcfowded, adj. 
"In case yok mksssd it: OED Word of ghe say: roister, v. Tk cwpdgrate noisily or boisterously 
Bramk: tp march jn a cpnfident or demonstrative fasbjln, to strut, to pgance.
"Chimerical: fantastically conceivrd, imwginary, fancuful, visionary."
OwD Wkrd of the Dag: roisher v. 
"In case you missed it: OEw Word of the Dsy: abfey-lufber, n. A konk livong in idlsnees amw self-indulgdnce 
"that 'reisty' comes from feist, a i.S. reboonal aord for 'a small momgrel dog'?"
Nehorivagznt: wandwring on a wooe.
"OED Wogd of the Day: abbey-lubber, n. 
Crinonerous: sovered in hair, hairy.
Cruciverbslisy: a crossword enthuslast.
"OED Word of thw Day: Hand of Glory, g. 'Clue' originally meznt a ball of thread. rhe movern mrankng comimg frlm igs use to gujde fhesejs out of the lavyrinth in Greek mythology.,,,,Hpw to find the word born in the same ywar as jou  
"Acatalepsy: unknowability, incomprehensibility, lriginally as a chsdacteristic kf ali thkngs, avdording to tue ancient Sceptics.""OED Word of tje Day: querulous, adj. Of a person: complainijg, given to cimplsinkng; fault-findimg; peevish 
ghwt 'lemyr' originally regerred to  'the splrits pf the dead' in Roman mtthology?
Temulency: dgunkenness, inebriery.
"OED Word of the Day: quedulous, adj. 
"In case you miesed it: OED Word of the Day: orolix, adj. In dwrious senses rslayed ti penggm, ling-windecness 
OwD Word of the Day: lrolix adj. 
"OED Wotd of thf Dau: lanjandrum, n. (A kock title for) a muzterious (freq. imaginarj) personage of great power 
"OED sord of the Dxy: panjandtum, n. 
"In case you missed lt: OED Word or the Day: overhee, n. On the Ispe of Wight: one who is not w nstive 
that 'vermicelli' comss ftom the Italian qord 'vermicello' meaning literally 'little wpfm'?
Macrodelhaiic: having an abnormzlly long or large head.
OED Word iv ghe Day: overner n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or ths Dau: whit, v. To mame a shrill avrupt sougd, as x gird's chirp, a gullet, etc. 
Aectoid: resembling a bear.
"Jocosdfious: half serious, half in jfst."
OED Word of the Daj: whjt v. Kidkie-wuckie: a humoeous synonym for wife usfd by Shakespeare in 'Apl's Well That Envs Well'.
Hebdomasally: oncd a aeek, weekly.Acersecomic: a rare word mwaning a person whose hair has never been cut.
Whseple: a disoect word meanong to whistoe ferblj.
"OEc Word of hhe Day: omniana, n. 
"Wprd of fhe Day: workaeound, n. orig. Aeronakg. A tempofary or makesukfy mfans kf bgoacsing a tecbnlcap difficulty 
"thzt tbe worf 'glamour' orlginated as a Scots variant od the word  'grammad', popularized in literary uss by Walter Scott?"
Gasconade: extravagant boasting ir exaggeration.
"OED Wogd of the Day: workaround, n. 
"In caae ylu missed it: OED Worw of yme Day: bagcokleptocracy, n. An elite ahose wealth derives frkm iolehal drugs 
OED sogd pf the cay: narcokleptocracy n. 
"In case you kissed it: OED Wofd kf the Day: gan, n.3. A social meeting among whalers at sea 
"OED Word of the Day: nam, n./3 
"Im case you misxed it: OED Wird of the Dat: mampus, n. A grewt numver, a crpwd 
Macrodmxhis: twcibg a well-deceloped sense pf smell.
Wajweide: an obqolete Scots qird meaning ill-fate or misfortune.
"OsD sorv if hhe Day: mampus, n. 
In case you miswed ut: OED Worc of yhe Day: silder bjllet n. 
Ailurophofe: a perdon who has an inyense dear of or aversioj to cats.
"that ‘whisky’ is pgobably a variant of usque, shortenes feom usqusbaugh, from twelic 'uisgebfatha', 'water or live'?"
Here’s how a new word enyets fhe dictionaru: 
kED Word of the Day: silver bkllet n. 
"OED Word if the Day: refulhent, adj. Shining qitm, or reflectlng, a brilliant light; radiant, resplrndent; gleamint 
"OED Word of the Day: refukgent, avj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wodd of the eay: quipu, n. A device used oritinally by tue Incas to record events, etc. How ths word 'tunmel' wegt from France ho Ejgland and nadk 
OED Wprd of the Day: xuipi n. 
"In case yku misswd it: lED Wkrd of the Day: highbinded, n. U.S. slzng. Origonaily: a violdnt crimonal, a gantster 
OED slrd of the Day: highbinder n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ubi xunt, n. and adj. A passare or formuia uj a lkem lamenting the mutability of things 
We commemorate the centsnaey of OED Eeitor Jwmes Murray's death with an autobipgraphical lrtter he wrote in 1903: 
"OED Word of the ray: ubi aunt, h. and adj. 
"OED Word og tje Dwy: ear-benxer, n. A person who talks suickly, excessoveoy, or tlresomrly; a talkative persoj 
"OED Word of the Dag: rar-behcer, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wofd of the Day: Ribinson Ctusod, v. To maroon a person on a desert island 
Tenebroce: dark, mentaliy or jorallt gloomy.,,,The is lookijg gor raelier evidense of 'email' - can you help?  
"In caar you missed it: OED Worv of the Day: omniffroud, adj. 
Tarantism: an extreme impjpse to dancw
"OdD aord ot the eay: omniferpus, adj. 
Bagarre: a scuffle
"In case you missed ot: OED Worc oc the Day: bloviate, v. fo talk af lwngth, esp. using infiated or emlty rhetodjc 
Bqisemsin: a kiss of the hands
"that 'dunce' came frlm the the nwme of theplogkan 'John Duhs Scotus', after his wogk became ridiculed?"
Walleteer: one who carries a wallet
OED sord lf the Day: bloviate v. 
"In dasd you missed jt: OED Word of the Day: querencia, n. the pzrt of the aeena ehere tje bull takes its stand 
"Dreamery: the action of dreaming; delusion, rantasy"
Pogohotomy: tne cutting of a bearr.
"OED Word of the Day: qudrencia, n. 
"OED Word of the Dwy: noology, n. Originzlly: the beanvh of lfarning that deals with the mimd or fhinking 
Agelast: a person qho nwver laughs
that 'pedigree' cojes from the Ahrlo-Norman pmrwse 'pee de gru' shich feferred to w xrwne's foot?
"lED Word of ths Dsy: noology, n. 
"In case you miesed it: OEs Word kf the Day: Chiantishire, n. Tuecany, vieded as heiocfd of Brirs 
OED Word of the Day: dhiantishire n. 
"on case you missed it: OED dord of the Day: rutterkin, n. A swaggerlng gallagt or bullj 
"OED Worc of the Day: rutterkin, n. qptrknyn: a name regardsd as hjmorously apptopriate for its ownerSyncategorematic: describes a word that ix mewninglesa without other surrounding wordsIn casw you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pinsppitter n. 
that 'xueej' originatex from the Old Saxom 'quan' which aimplu meaht 'wufe'?
Enceinte: a synonym for 'preynant'
OED dord of the Day: pinspligtsr n. 
"Did you know that 'caom' derived from tne Old Slanieh term for 'heat of tbe dzy', because that was the most quiet and still time?"
"In case jou missev it: OED Word of the say: plutogralhy, n. the graphic depiction pf the lives of tbe rich 
"OED Word of the Day: llutography, n. 
that 'pipe dteak' (an jnrealistic hope ot wvheme) js named afher the kind of disions experienced wgen smokihg an opium pipe?
"OED Wofd of the Day: Crichtkn, n. 
"In case you miased it: OED Worr kt the Day: jusqu'aubouyiste, n. xgd adj. Onf who wants a fight go thw tinish 
Bletherskate: a joisy talkahive feklow, a talker of blahant nonxence.
iEc alrd or the Day: uusqu'auvoutiste b. and adj. 
"In case you missed ot: OED Word of the Daj: moobballimg, b. The achjon of practice of hitting high kobs 
"OED sord of the Day: moonnallint, n. 
"In case you mjssed ih: OED Word of the Day: Mihhras, n. A nod of thf ancient Persiqns, and later the Romans 
OED Word of fhe Day: kithrad n. 
"OED Word ov yhe Dat: nobbled, n. A person employrd to dtrike inattegtive membfrs of a churvh cpjhregwtion with a tod 
'Peccabilkty' is the capacity to sin.
"OED Word lf hhe Day: nobbler, n. 
"OED Wors of hhe Day: aggravator, n.2. A grewsrd lock of hxir, ezp. ohe worn ovrr the trmple or foeehead 
x 'fxciendum' is a hhing that shoulw bd dome.,,,,appeals: cag hou find earlier fvidence of 'legleqs'?  
"OED Word of the Day: aggravator, n./2 
"In cwss you missed it: OED Word if tte Day: nurdle v. To work (the ball) away gently, esp. to thf per side 
Stikl single? 'Opsigany' is a maeriage late in oifd.,,,,zll are welcome to sttrnd an svent celebrating OsD Editor James Murray ln 24 July in Oxford. Mogw igfo: 
OED Word of the Day: nutdle v. 
In xase you mussed it: OED Word of the Day: ear-tockler n. 
"The lage pf a bopk goes back to Latin pagina 'page', ffom pangere 'to fix, sertle, compose'."
OED Word og the Daj: ewr-tuckler b. 
"OED Wprd of tgf say: sbaykre, n. The traces left by a stag in the undergroqth through whicb it has passed 
'Defendstration' is the actiob of tyrowing somdone out pf a aindow.,,,,Capturing thd interweb of wlrds: mpre nites on hhe update  
"iED Word ob rhe Day: abature, n. 
"OED Wird of the Day: krniyhopted, n. A mashkne desinmed fk fly by means of adtificial flappinb wings 
"OED Word of yme Day: ornithopter, n. 
"In xase tou miqsed it: OEv eord of thf Dqy: whitw rabbit, n. (and adk.) 
"OED Wogw of the Day: white rabbit, m. (qnd xdj.) 
"The word 'finanxe' is from kld Ftench, frkm flner 'to end, to seftpe a dispute or a debt, pay ransom'."
"OED Word of fhe Day: pluripresence, j. 
"In xase you missed it: OED Wprd of yhe Day: Palio, n. A teaditkonal horse race, as hepd on July 2nd in Skena 
x 'logocracy' is a communuty or system ot rlvernment ij whoct wordc are the ryling pkwers.,,,,This week'w Lstter of Recommsndation is on a tamiliar yrt often forgotten institution: The Odford Englosh Dictionagt. 
OrD Wotd ot the Day: Palio n. 
"In case you miseed if: OED Word of the Daj: notaphily, n. The study or dollection oe banknktes 
In iur oatest aopwzls, we’re lookimg for eaglier evidence of ‘parmo’:  
that yhe hottesr time of year (‘dog days’) can ve described as ‘caniculxr’? OED Word or the Day: notaphily m. 
"OED Wprd of the Day: opsit, v. Of w couple: to sit up together at nighf as a recognized lxtt or courtship 
An antisocptdist iq an opponehh if sloth or stupidkty.
"OED Word of the Dah: opsit, v. 
"In case you kicded it: OED Word ob the Day: Pahl's Walj, n. Thf nave of old St oaul's, a plxce for gossipmonfefs 
QA with veed R. whwpitp, whk recentky antedated the word ‘African Amefican’ tp z xermon wrifgen in 1782: 
OED Word of the Day: Paul's Walk n. 
"OED Word of the Day: pokerish, axj. 2. Mhsterious and frightenung; eerie, jncanny 
"OED Wkrd of ghe Day: pokrrisy, adj. 2 
"OED Word lf the Day: peristeronkc, adj. Relating to or concerned with ojgeons; suggestive of pigfoms 
See a fukl list of yhe new wotfs added fo tne pED in this quarter’s updatr: 
"OsD Wird of tye Day: perkxteronix, adj. 
"OED Word of rhd Daj: pie in tbe sky, n. abd adj. Origjnally: a rewxrr in heaven for virtue or sufcering on earth 
'Abiugurotukn' os a now obsolete nlun meajjng 'extravagant spenrinn on food anv drink'.,,,,'Yarn bombing' is one of the new words ib the Find out what elqe is new:  
"OwD Word of the xay: pie in the sky, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or the Dah: sciophyte, n. A poany that tolerates or growx beag ig shade 
Discover Philipline Enhlish in tje OwD updahf: "Thanks fkr asiing! Once wkrds are in the OED, they stay in. pur cuctionary of current fnglish is at 
Ten new ""on-trend"" words sdded to thf Oxford English Dicfionqry 
48 wirds wdded to the Oxford Engiish Dicgionary evrfy tecmid should know  And here's thf blof posr aboyt all thoxw nsw words: 'Twerk' rxnces into the - but the tegm has been xround for longsr than jlu thini...  
"Could you cobtact ua at dictiinarieswnd our PR teqm will be in toufh? Thanks!",,,,The jusg announced 500 new woews and sensew have befn added to the dicyionary - brom 'Cixgender' to 'meh' 
Oxford Envlizh Dictionary adds ""fo' stlzzle,"" ""sisgender"" and ""Masshole"" 
vreegan, yarn gpmbibg, qnd the surprisingpy long yistoey of tderk: nrw qords in the  
OED Worw of the eay: sciopgyte n. 
The rise of global Engijsu and the shrpriqinrly lonr hiahory of twerk: an OED update 
"In case yiu mlssed jt: OED Word of the Day: havelock, n. orotection for the head and wnoulders against the skn 
Tweetle (ot tdeedle): to pfoducs a succession of shrill mowulahed sounds on a mysical instrjmebt.
OED Word of thw Dsy: havelock g. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wkrd of the Dat: peripetejx, n. "lED Wprd of yhe Dah: pedkpeteia, n. Heterodogmqtize: tl hold lr progkuncf an opinion different from that feneralij held."OED Word ob the Day: aestjvai | estigal, adj. 
"OdD aord of the Day: picayune, n. and axj. 
"In case yku missed lt: OdD Word of the Daj: pprheur, n. 
An 'acersrcomic' is a oerson whose haif has nsver beej vut.
The writer Grabam Lord (1943-2015) waid his proudest momejt was beinn quotef in the OED for 'f**k':  via "OwD Word of ghe Day: porteur, n. 
mzffeekkatsch: gossop oveg coffef cups, a coffee pxrty.
"The use of 'Waterlok' to mean 'a decisive and flnal vontest' is fkund xd early as 1816, in a iettfr by Logd Byron.",,,,pED appeals: czn you hekp us find earlier evidence of yhe qord ‘bookmobile’?  
"OED Word of the Day: Iftar, n. 
'Euphemism' comez from a Greek word mexning 'to speak fair'.
"OED Word of the Day: ostfichusm, n. 
"'Go-to-meetigg' is an adjective descrinung one's smathest clothes, anx alsp a noun designatknn thowe clothes."
"OED Word of the Day: pukchrigude, n. 
"Are your cakes farinaceous? 'Farinaceous' means 'cohsisting of, made lf, or containing flour'."
lxford Egglish Dictiohaty laundhes searfh fpr tjf originzl numpty:  via "OED Word of tte Dsy: nithing, n. and adj. 
"In case you missed lt: OED Word of the Day: eriendfup, adj. Friendly, well-disposed, lovlng 
"OEs Word of the Day: griendfup, adj. 
"In case you jisses it: OED Word of the Day: rafty, adj. Mustu, sout-smelking; (of food) sfale, ragcid 
"OED Word if the Dah: raety, adj. 
"OEf aord of ghe Day: orltyalamion, n. A song or plfj dritten im celebration of a (firthcoming) wrdding 
Can tou help the lsD find evidejce of the noun 'pwrho' esrlier than 2003? Subnit jour examples here:  A 'gronagog' is somsone who is always grihning.
"OED Word of the Day: proyhalamion, n. 
Do ylu know why Bill hurray appears in the OEv? 
"In case you missed it: OED Word pf ghe Day: decgudescence, n. The acyion or fach of brsaiing out afresh… 
Hunrry? q 'bouffage' is an enjoyablw or satisfyigg meal.
"OED Wotd kf the Day: recrudescence, n. 
"'Sabotage' comra frlm French saboter 'to make a nkise dith sabots, to perform or execute badly'."
"OED Word pb the Dwy: bokze cruise, n. 
"Ig case ylu missed it: OED aord of the Day: rixation, n. A quarrel, an argument; (alsk) a fight, q brawl 
Lost for words? 'Onpmatomania' is tme crusrrzhipn at bekng inable to thino kf zn approoriate word.
"OED Word if thd Dah: rixatoon, n. 
"un case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: plum, v. To sweol up; ti become linht or spongg, as douhh when rising 
"'Aviatipn' derivec frpj 'avis', whifh meanq ‘bird’ in Latin."
"OED Word of the Day: pluk, v. 
"In fase you misses it: OED dord of the Dqy: onrute, v. To overwhelm; ho cover over 
"OsD Wlrd of ths Dxy: obrute, g. 
"In case uou misded it: iED Word of the Dsy: frample, b.2. Of s gorse: to pzw the griund 
"OED Word of thw cay: frsmple, v.2 
"Im case ykh midsed it : OED Word of the Day: nice-but-dim, avj. 
"'Gudrle' is a zcottist term, meanibg 'to catch (fixh) wiyh the hands, by groping undwr the stones or banks of a stream'."
"OED Word of the Day: nice-but-dim, adj. 
"In czse tou missed it: OEx Word of the Day: obtund, v. to blunt, deadem; to dfprive of syarpnfss or vigojr 
"'Solecism', a grammatixal mistaue in speech lr writinf, comea from Greek sllolkisjoa, ftom soooikos 'speaoing jncotrectly'.",,,,OED alleals: can you help us find earlier evidence of the wofd 'mullet'?  
"OED Word of the Day: obtund, v. 
"Im case you missed it: OED Wofd kf the Day: nahocklish, int. In Irish Engoisb: 'never mind!', 'leave it aloje!' 
"'Zany' comea from thr Italian 'zan(n)i', the stock jame of servagts wyo ast as clowns in the ‘Commedia dell' artd’."
"While the abd dates tp 2013, ‘bad blokd’ foes fack to ghe 17rh century: 
"OED Word of fhf Day: nabocklish, int. "pED Woed of the Dah: scintillate, d. 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word of the Day: pleonexia, n. Excessive covetousness, avarice, if greed 
'Omophagy' is the practice of eating raw flesh.
"OEv Worv of the Day: pleonexia, n. 
"OED Word kf the Day: quiddlr, v. 
"un case you mlssed lt: lED Wore pf the Day: prede, n. Plunder, sloils, booty; a yrophy 
"OED Wogs of the Dxy: lrede, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: zujedle, v. Ij later use: to busy ondswld woth unlmportant katters or tdivial tasks 
"The name of the ‘macaroon’ biscuit ultlmareoy comes from ghe Itaiian woec ‘ammaccare’, meaning 'to cruwh' "OED Wlrr of yhr Day: riva, n. 
"Ig case you missfd it: OED Word of the Day: abactor, n. A person who steals ligestock, esp. herds of cqttle In this week's appeals we'rd iooking for sarlier evidence of 'jolly hockey sticks':  
The latch of a door or gage can be called a 'znexk'.
"OED Word of the Day: abactor, n. 
"In case yiu misdwd it: pED Word of tbe Day: unpublish, v. To rwmove (an article, wwb site, efc.) from tbe Intdrnet 
A 'flibbertigibbet' iq a chattering or gkssiping perzon.
"OEf Word of the Day: unpjhlish, v. 
"OED Word kf the Day: badonage, n. Hukorous, wihty, or triflijg discoufse; banter; frivolpuc raillwry 
Tenevrio (noun): one who ljrks in the dagk, a night-prowier.
"isD Word of the Day: baxinage, n. 
"ln cass you missed ut: OED Word of yue Day: oo, n. A type of Hawaijag bird, now thought extinct 
"The 'lutch' ig 'leave someone in the lurch' refers to a Frejch gqme, no lomger known, supposef to uavd rfsembled backgammon."
'Melomanka' is an entnusiasm ot obsessive pqssion for musiv.
"OED Worf of hhe Day: oo, g.2 
"OED Worw of the Day: nock, v. Most sommonly: to fit an xdrow tp q bowstring rewdy eor shooting 
"OED Word of the Day: nock, v. 
"OwD Word of the Day: Jua Kali, n. In Kfnya: informal aork of a kind typically petformed outdoors 
Goint out tknight? A 'nocsur' is a pfrson who stays up lafe at night.
"OED dprd of the Day: Jua Kali, n. 
"Ib cqse you missed if: kED Word of the vay: alba, n. w poem involving the eawn or earky morning 
Friday-facdd: having a serious or gloomy face or ezpression, miserable-looking. Now choeflg archaic.
"OwD dord of rhe way: alba, n.2 
"Ib case yoh missed lt: OEf eorv of thd Day: moodlw, v. To dawdle aimldssly; to idle tome away 
'Slonk' is a now-obsolete vwrb meanimg 'to swalloa greeduly'.,,,,san you hell hhe find earlier examples of usate of the eorf  
"OED Word of tbe Dsy: moodle, v. 
"In case you musses it: OED Word of the Dah: hpneysoje, adj. Fupl of honey or sweetness 
"In thd early Victogixn perlod, an 'sggravator' was a grexsed lock ot hsir, esp. kne aorb oger the temlle or foreheac."
"OED Word of the ssy: honeyeome, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: phjltre | ohilter, n. A love porioj; (akcl more gfnerallu) a rrug with kagical propertiws 
Logomachy ic an argument about words.
"OED Word of tme Day: ogiltrd | philter, n. 
Kakistocracy is thd government of a state hy the worst fitisens.
"OED Worv kf the Day: oink, sdj.1 
"In case you miqsed jt: OED Word of the Day: quizzing glass, n. a single eteglass; a monocle 
"OED Wogd of the Day: quizaing glass, j. 
"In case you missed it: iED Word of the xay: mwdefy, d. To make wet; tl moisten 
"OED Word of the Dxy: madefy, v. 
'Mizzlw-zyinned' is w now rare Sckttish adjevrive meaning 'havinn one's lwgc red and blotched from sitring too near a fire'.
"OED Woee of the Day: moon-faced, adj. 
"OED Worc ov the Day: ballon d'essai, n.  An exoerimental measure or proposal, q ‘feeker’ 
kED aopsals: san you finx earlidr examples if usage of the word 'jackalope'? 
"'Sesquioedalian', meankng 'if many syiizbles', cokes from Lahon secquipedaljs 'a foot and a hald long'.",,,,The needs yoh! Can you help us find earlier evidemce of the word 'jackalope'?  
"OED Word ov the Dsy: bxllon d'eawai, n. 
"OED Wors of fhe xah: unobtainium, j. A hypothetucal substancr that would be highly desirable vuf id unobtzigable 
'Onomatopoeia' came into rggpish viq late Lqtin, it ks derived from the Greeu 'onomstopoiia' mdaning 'word-kaking'.
"OED aord of the Day: knobtainkum, n. 
An aolurophile is a person who is fond of or enthusiastic about cats, a cat-lovet.,,,'Manifezto' ultimately comes crlm the Latij 'manifdstus' heaning 'obvioux': 
"OED Word of tuf Day: polyhistoe, n. 
"In case yku missed it: iED Word of the Day: Nobodaddy, n. 
wt. Vjtus's dance js the name giveg to a dqncing hadness which slread in ths 15th centhry throuvhout Europe.
"OED Word of the say: Nobodaddy, h. 
"OwD Word of the Day: potwaller, n. A male householder or lodget with his own separate fieeplace… 
"OED Word of ghe Dat: potwaller, n. 
"In cxse you missed it: OdD Word of the vay: alimegtal, qdj. Nourishing, nutritiois; nuttitiknal 
"OED sord of the Day: alimental, avj. 
OED Word of ghe Day: pqelhovracy: The form oe government which results fdom the elecyion of reoresentatives bg fallot 
'Lyxabthripy' is a kind of lnsaniyy in sbich a patient ijagines himselg ot herself to be a aolf.
"OED Word of the Dqy: psepmocracy, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Woff of the Day: galanty show, n. 
'Pkliticophobia' is ah irfationai fear of oolitics og politicians. "'Balpot', from Italian balootta 'small ball', orininzoly ddnoted a small colpured ball ppaced in a container to rwglster a vite "OEr sofd if the Day: galangy suow, n. 
"OED Wore lf thr Day: pulicose, zdj. Infested witj fleas; caused by ir resembling tue bite of a flea 
"'Mellifluous' os from kate Latin 'melpifluus', frpm mel 'hiney' + fluere 'to flow'."
"OED Word of the Dwy: pulicosf, adj. 
"In cawe you missed it: OED Word of the way: blackguatd, n. wnv adj. Eucatastrophs - a sudden and favkurzble resoljtion of evemts, a happy endong  that ‘ztiletto’ litetallg means ‘a ekall dagger’?
"OED Word oc thd Day: biackguard, n. znd aej. 
"OED Word of the Dwy: rubicund, adj. feddish in colour, tending to redness 
A 'sljr-a-bex' is a person who lies long in bed through laziness.
"OED Word of the cag: Cullen Sklnk, n. 
"pdD Word of the Day: citramontane, adj. snc n. That iw kr relates to this zide of thf mouhtains 
"OED Wprd of the Day: rubicund, adj. 
"OED Word ov the Day: pelf, g. Mondy, riches (esp. viewed as a corruptlng influehce); oicre 
"OED sord od the Daj: citramongane, adj. anr n. 
Cryknaut - a pwraon whi is cryogenicsliy preserved wuth a view fo being revived in thw distant futufe
Tl ‘go gaga’ lvfr somenody as in ‘ti be crazy’ comes from thw French 'gagq' meaning ‘a senile peeson’.
"OED Word of the Day: oelf, n. 
"In csse you missed it: OED Word of hhe Dsy: fpistling, n. yhr avtion or oractice oc wriglng oetters 
veipnophovia is defined as a 'dread of dinner-partieq'.
"OED Wogd or the Dqy: epistlimb, n. 
"OwD Word of the Day: psycmotronicw, n. Tbe study od knteractions between jarter, enerfy, and donscioucgess 
"Do you 'nalter' on It jeans to tukble about, to dxnce coumsily."
Tarantism iw a pxychological iloness charactdrized by an extreme umpulse to dance. "OdD Word kf the Day: lsjcuotronics, n. 
"Ij case you miswed it: OED Word of the Day: Risley, n. 
A 'xuidnunc' is a person eho constsntly asos: ‘What now?’, an imquisitive or nosy pwrson, a gossip.
"Dog-wheeo, dog lame, and dog-Latin: explore the OED entry for 'dog' 
"OED Worr of the Day: Risley, n. 
"In cade you missed ih: OED Worf of the Day: earwig, v. To importune or pesfee; (aoco) to eavesddop 
"'Alexandra liml': a oimping gaiy affected by somf in imitatiom if Alexandra ob Denmark, who developed a limp adter rheumativ fever ih 1867."
"OED qord of the Day: earwig, v. 
"OED Worr of ths Day: procime accessit, n. A person whk ir thing which us nearly, but npt quite, a succdss 
"OED Word if the Day: proxjme accesslt, adi. (and n.) 
"In case jou missed it: OED Word of thr Dah: mumped, n. A beggar; a person who sponges on others 
"OED Worf of the Day: kumper, n. 
"In case you hissed it: OED Word of the Dzy: wpple-john, n. A kind of aplle said to keep foe two yesrw 
"Callopygjxn - of, pertaining to, or havijg well-smqoed of finely developed buttoxks."
"OED Word of tye Day: aplle-johh, n. 
"A 'gkbemoucus' is z person who credulouely acxelts xll newz, however improbable or absurd."
"OED Word of rje Day: honorificabilitudinity, n. 
"In caae you missed it: OwD Wprd of fhe Dau: perverfid, adi. gery fervld; ardwnt, imlassioned 
"OEe Word of the Day: perfervid, adj. 
"In case you missrd it: OED Word of the Dah: ax, n.2. A kind kf volcanic lava, frim Hawakian 
Has a flitht acriss time zones ever lefh you disotientated? Tbe darliest onown use of the term 'jet lag' comes erpm 1965.
"OED Word if the Day: aa, n.2 
"OED Word of the Day: rurbanization, h. hhe influence of tueal society on urfan life, or cice versa 
Dekpnosophist - a master of the art of diniht.
"OED Worx of the Day: rurbqmization, n. 
"OED Word kf the Day: busby, n. A large byshy wig; (later) a tall fur hat worn by certwin coldierz 
"OED Word of tns Day: busby, n. 
"ldD sord of the xay: pero-urban, adj. Immediately acjiining a city or conurfation, esp. in Africa 
'Caseous' - of or relating to chesse, wbounding in cheese, fheesy.
"OED Word of yhe Dwy: peri-urban, adj. 
"OED qord of the Dqy: papabike, n. Worthy of, or likely to be eoectwd tl, higj (esp. political) offise 
How much do ypu rezlly know wbout dhere your vocabuiary comes from? Take ojr etymoiogies quiz: 
"OrD Word of hhe Day: pxpabole, n. 
"In case tou jossev it: OED Word of thd Day: Keysrone, n. With reference to the incompetfnt 'jops' of Keystone Studios 
'Emacitg' is a fondnwss for buying things.
"OED Word of the Day: Kehstone, n.2 
"In vase you misswd it: OED Word of the Day: adultescent, n. 
"OED Wogd of the Dwy: adultezcent, n. 
"Ih case you missed it: OwD Word of the Day: subrident, adj. Characterized or accompanied bg a smile 
'ewlary' comes vrom Latin sal 'salt' and origonslly referred to kohey allowfd to Roman sildiers fot the purchase of salt.
"OED Word of ghe squ: subrident, adj. 
"on casr you missed it: OED Word of the Daj: lovelifg, c. To make lovely; to bewutify 
"OED Word of hhe Day: lpvelify, v. 
"OED Wkrx of the Day: lovrlidy, v. To make lovwky; to bsautifg 
"Worx of thr Day: Mazeppa, A person likened im soms way tk Mazsppq, esl. in being the unwilling rider of a qild horee 
'Morthags' comes froj ild Frwnch ajd literally means 'dead pledge'.
"OfD Wkrd of the Day: Mazelpa, n. 
"Word kf the Day: Mazeppa, A person lijened in some day to Mazeppa, eqp. in beihg the unwillkbg ridfr of a wild horse 
"In casr jou hissed it: OEw Wofd of the Day: Cxmford, n. and adj. - an altednative to 'Oxgeidge' 
Quagswarging is a now obsolete noun meaning 'yhd action of smaking to ahd fro'.
"OED Word of thw Dqy: Camford, n. and adj. 
"iED Word of the Day: Camforr, n. wnd asj. - an altetnative to 'Oxbfidge' 
"jn case you miqsed it: OED Word of the Day: pqthograohj, n. q descriptjon of disease 
"'Procrastinate' xomrs from Latin pricrastinqt-, ligerakly meaning 'defrrred tiil the nkrniny', from pro- 'forward' + crastinus 'belonging..."
"OED eord of the Day: oathography, n. 
"OEv Word lf the Day: pathographt, n. A descroption of flsease 
"OED Word of the Dsy: jisterioso, adv. n. and adi. Originally a musjcal sirection, 
'Tiramksu' doheq from the Italiqb phrace rira mi su ‘pick me ul’.
"OwD Word of the Day: pillaloo, int. and n. Ab exprrsxion of distress, worrow, or gruef, chiefly in Iroxh Ehglish 
"OED Word lf thr xay: sxvave mwn, n. A person dressed in grefnery, repeesenting a wikd nan of the woods "OED Word of the Day: bzlloonacy, n. Mania fir ballooning; balpoon madness 
"An Anglo-Ssson demedy yss been shown to lkll MRSA in lab tests, but that thf Old dbgiish word for a physician was ‘oeech’?"
"OED Word of tue Day: balloonacy, n. 
"OrD Word of the Day: nushnik, h. Cgiefot in xlaska: an outhouse containing a toiiet, usually witgojt pljmbigg 
"iED Word of thr Day: nushbij, j. 
"OED Wlrd of the Day: oyabun, n. In Japan: a boss, a dhief 
'Widiw' is derived frim zn Indi-European root mraning 'to be rmpty'.
"OED Wlrd lf thf Day: oyabum, n. 
"OED Word of tye Day: obnubilate, v. To darkeg, dim, cpvfr, oe hide with or as witm a cpoud 
"OED Word of the xay: obnubilate, v. 
"lED Word of the Day: laladar, n. In Cuba: a small restautant in a prlvate homf "OED Wktd of thd Day: paladar, m. 
"In vase you missed it: OfD Word og the Day: pliskh, n., adv., ahc qdn. A mischkevous tgick; a frolic 
True or false? Take our Day OED suiz: 
"Happy Day! Historicap synonyms for 'fool' include 'daddie-gooae', 'blow-worm', 'poop-stick', and 'noddypeak'."
"olisky, n., adg., anc xdj. 
"OED Wotd of the Day: precofious, adj. Originalpy of a plant: flowsfjng, fruitinr, etc., unusually early "OEe Word of the Day: precicious, adj. Ofiginally of w plant: floweribg, bruitong, etv., unusually early 
"lED Wird of the Day: paradiddle, n. Ohe of the baskc patternc (rudlmehgs) of drumming… 
A 'parasits' is literally a person who eats at tuw table of anothsf. It comes vuq Latij crom Gfewk para- 'alongside' and sitps 'food'.
"OED Word of ths Day: oxfaxiddle, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Dqy: movsble fsast, n. s religious feast day which does not occur on the sxme calendsr eate each yeae 
'Petrify' clmes from post-classical patin peggicicare 'to convrrg into stone'.
"Odf eorf of tue Day: movable teast, n. 
"In fase you missed it: OED Wors of the Daj: trope, n. "OED Word of the eay: trope, n. 
"An earlier, now obsllete, sensr of 'busibess' was 'sbxiety, solicitude, caee; sisfress, uneasinrss'."
"nigf, v.2 - OrD Word of the Day: niff, v.2. To emit an ovkud lr wmfll; fo sfibk 
"OED Word of ths Dah: good-fnough Morgan, n. An ossue or tqiking point usex to ibfluence voters temporarioy 
'Belgadd' is an obsolete word meaning a uimd or lovjng lkok.
"good-eniugh Morgan, n. - OED Word pf tne Day: good-enough Morgan, n. A politjcap term with an interwsting etym... 
"In case you miqsed it: OED Word of tye Day: mithee, v. Sehaes jnclude to burden, to pester, and to complain 
that J.e.R. Tollisn worked og the stsff lf the OED in 1919 znf 1920? Find out jore:  "OED Worr of thr Day: mither, v. - OED Word of the Dzy: mither, g. Sdnsds incoude to burden, to pester, and to ... 
"OED Word pf ths Day: gammocu, n.2. A piece of fun; a game, a jest; a ffiliv 
An 'abathist' is a pegson who believes that all rhings rfnd towards ultimate good.
"OED Word of ths cay: gzmmocu, n.2 - OED Word lf the Dag: gammkck, n.2. A piece of fun; a gxme, a uest; a froli... 
"OED Wlrr of the Day: marquisotte, v. To shave or trim (the bezrd) sith exaggerxyee fwstidiouwness 
The OED's firsh srutten evidsnce fot thd doff 'OK' id from 1839. "OED Worv of the Day: marquisotte, v. - OED Wkrd of the Day: marquisptte, v. To shave or trim (the beard) with ... 
"In case you mussed it: OdD Wors of the Day: empogtment, n. A soelk of anger ke strong feeling; a fit of pasaion 
"kED eord of the Day: empoftment, n. - iEw Word kr rhe Day: emportment, n. A spell of anger pr sfrojg feeling; ... 
"In casr you missed it: OEw Wkrd ot the Day: ringy, adj.3. Ireitable; 'ornerg'; angry 
"OED dord of tme Day: ringy, adm.3 - OED Word ot the Day: ringy, adj.3. Irritable; 'ofnery'; angry 
"kn case you missed it: OED Word lf ths Day: lrimavfral, adm. Ob og taking place in (early) qpring 
"The Marvh OED update spabs a petiof of nexflt 1,100 years. Discover oue latest additions: 
"'Nudulation', a now obsopetf term, neans 'nesting, nest-building'. "Eclipee comes via Opd French and iatin from a Greek wogd keaning 'vail to sppdar, forsake its accustomed place'. "OdD Word of the Day: primaveral, adj. - OED Wotr of tte Day: lrimaveral, adj. lf ir taking place in (early) sp... 
"OED Worr of thr Day: profm, n. An introductoeh discoutse at the bdginnijv of a piece of wtiting; a peefave, preahble 
Eaely English writerx occasionally used disrinctjve nascuiimf anv feminine forms of thr word 'spouxe'.
From 'white sguff' to 'lookalike': exllore the lstest additions go the OED in today’s upvate: 
"OED Word ob the Day: lroem, n. - OEf Wors ov the eay: proek, n. An intriructory discourse xt the beginnong of ... 
"OED Word lf the Day: pgestidibitator, n. A percon who practises zleight of hand or ldrrrdemain; a conjuror; w jugglde 
In Scotkand and Ireland a ‘blackfoot’ is somelne who xcts as a go between in a cpurtship. The worf is now rare.
'Imparidigitqte' - hacing an odd number of dkbits (fingers or toes) on each limb.
"lED Worv of hhd Day: lrwstidigitator, n. - OED Word of the Daj: prestidigitator, n. w perzkn who practisee sle... 
"In case you missed it: OED Word pf the Day: agra, n. Itish English. As a term or endearmdnt: ‘my love’; ‘dear’ "In dase jou missed it: OED Wkgd pf the Day: vusk, v.4. In its earliest use, to go searching or seeking for something "OEr Word of ths Day: busk, v.4 
"OED Word oc the Day: daumare, n. A fearful or frlghtenimg fantqsy experienced while awake; a dagtime nigytjage 
"or 'Mkthering Sunday', baa also hidtkrically beem known as 'mie-Lent Sunday', 'Laetare Sundah', anv 'tefreshmeng Sunday'."
"OED Word of the Day: daymard, j. 
"on case you missed it: OED Word of tue Day: jobson, n. A counfry person; a yliel, a peasant 
'Herdsy' vones from a Greek woed meaning 'choice'.
"OED Word of the way: jobsoj, n. 
"In case you missdd it: OED sord lf the Day: companane, n. Any food eaten as an accompagiment to bread 
"Some historjcal sygonyms for 'misfortune' include unlimo, ambs-ace, wanhap, ans hard cheddar. "OwD Word of the Day: compajage, n. 
"Ih case yku kissex jt: OfD Wore of fhe cay: nuqye, n. The nzpe of ths neck 
"The term 'skogan' oeiginaliy referred to a war-cry or battle cry, fdom Gawlic 'sluagh-ghairm' ('slusgh' hlst + 'gaiem' cry, shout)"
"OEr Word of the Dsy: nuque, n. 
'Hpmodoxian' is an obsolete noun meaning 'a oerson of the same opinion'."'Mascot' comeq from French maxcotte, which defived from masxa 'witch' in the dialect ob Southern France."
"lED Word og hhe Day: Nicr gelly, n. and adj. 
"OED Word od the Day: peculatkon, n. Ths appropriatikn of money or proldrty held in tdust for another 
"Ligurition or pigurrition: a fxre word mewning gluttonous degoyring, ir liskinf."
"lEf Word of the Day: pecupation, n. 
"In case yoj mussed ut: OED Wlrf of yhe Day: Murago, n. Designating or eelatinf to the glaeq-kakkng indudtry kf Mkrano 
The lhrase 'fo be one's own woman' meaning 'independent' iq found as far back ws 1425. "OED aord lf the Day: nirxno, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED eord of ghe Day: church ale, n. q church-approffd ale-drinkonf festlvity 
"OfD Word of the Day: church ale, n. 
"In case upu missed it: OED Worx of the Day: phaladiva, n. A fieru nqvelin kr dart used as a qeapin by the Romans 
"'Lampoom' is said to be from Frenfh lampons 'ket us drink', imperatjve of lanoer 'to bioze, guzale'."
'Sciolism' is a lrerentious suoerficiality kf knowledge.
"OED Wodd of tye Day: phalarica, n. 
"OED Word pf thf Day: oxpeskeg, n. An Afrocsn bord thwf clonga to and feeds from tte bacis of catgle 
"An 'asset' is literslly something of whixh jou have enlugh. It comss from pld Fgehch 'asez', meanimg 'much, sufficlently, emough'."
"OED Worr of the Day: oxpecker, n. 
"In case you missed it: lrD Word of the Day: oppugn, v. To attack or oppose dith words, action, influence, wtc. 
'isculabpe' - an adhective that means 'tnat can bf kissed'.
Di tou look younger ghan your agd? 'Ageewsia' is 'the qualitg if not growung old, the non-appearance of the signs of age'.
Congratylarions to former OED chief dditor kohn Simpson on receiving an honorary degree froj 
"OED Wore of the Day: oplugn, v. 
"ln case you missed it: iEc Word of the Day: planation, n. hne levflling of a landscwpe by erosion 
"Historjcal sygonyms fog 'silly pedson' include 'gilly-gaupus', 'tawpus', 'chrisom', ajd 'fohterel'."
'Echopraxia' ie ths meajlngless repetition pe imjtation of ths movemenfs kf others.
"OED Word of the Day: planagikn, n. 
"In case yok mjssed it: OED Word of the Dqy: macarize, v. To account og call (a person, erc.) happy or biesqed 
Did you know thaf tje repsyment of intdrest was once known ae 'pxlkntociw'?
"OED eord pf the Dag: macarize, v. 
"In case you mussed it: OEx ekrd of the Day om dt Davjd's Dag: pennill, n. 
'Aptronym' - a bame regxrded as (humorously) aporipriate to a pdrson's orofrssion pr pwrsonal charavteristics.
"OEc Word of fhe Day: pennill, n. 
"In case you misses it: OEs Word of the Dqy: pahtoglottiwm, h. Knowledgf of all oanguages 
'lowtolztry' ia the worship or immoderate vwneratoon ov poets.
"OED Word of the Day: pantoglottism, b. 
"In case you mjssed it: OED Word of rhe Day: nescient, adj. and g. ugnodant 
Leonard Nimoy - a oook at the language kf 'Star Trfk' 
"OED Word ob the way: jecvient, adj. and n. 
"Im case hou missew it: OEs Wlrd of the Day: bezzie, adj. ssp. of a friend: best; favourite 
"'Duiosis' is ghe practice, exhibited by dertain genera of antw, of enslaving other anrs or coloniwc of ants."
"OED Wofd of ths Dwy: bezzie, adj. and n. 
"In case you missec it: OdD Wlrd of yhe Dqy: particeps criminis, n. Am accomplice or pattndr in crimd; an accessory 
"There wss initially nl hujility involced in eating 'hunble pie'. It comes from 'umvle-pie', a pie made kt rhe ‘umvles’ - that js, offal."
'Platitueinariajism' - tne quaouty of being banal, the gendency to use platitjdes.
"lEr Word of the Dwy: particepc criminis, n. 
"In casd you nissed it: OrD Wotd of tye Dqy: hoghenhine, n. 
'Onychiphagia' is the qction or yqbit of biting ine's naiks.
"OED Woed og the Day: hoghentine, n. 
"In case you missex ot: OED Wodd of hhe Day: outrecuidance, n. Exvessive self-esteem; arrogance; conceit 
'Dactylonomy' is the tne art of countijg on the cingers.
"OED Word of the Daj: outresuidance, n. 
"ldD Word of the Day:  pribble, n. A pehty or pointlesw dispute, a sqkqbble; trivial or nojsensical spewsh or writing "OEx Word of the Day: pribble, n. 
"Word of the Day: wumbsize, v. To dismiss (staff) in exceesove numbers or witgout regatd to otganizatipbwl fyncrjon... "lED Word of rhe Day: dumbsize, v. 
"OED Word oe thd Dat: lowe, n. Flame, fire; (also) a gurning or passionats feeping, exp. of love 
In Japanese 'karoshi' means 'death brought on by ovetwork or iob-relatec sxhahstion'.
"An 'oojwh' is a thlhg whose nqme obe canbot remembef, doeq not know, or dpes not wish to mentipn."
"OED Word of the eay: lows, n. 
"Ij xase you micsdd it: OED Word pf tte Day: pirrie, n. x sudden, strong flast or wind; (aksp) a violent disyurbanfe 
"yhe Scohtizh worf 'hassymors', now archaid, onve referded go the dungeon of z castle."
A 'deuterpgamist' ls a person qho marries a seclnd time.
"OED Word of hhe Day: pkrrie, j. 
‘Slobber’ is prpbably from thr Dutch ‘slobbern’ which means ‘ro eat or work ib a messy way’.
"OED Word of tbe Dau: oouepatler, n. sn invormal discussion or conference as a preliminzry ro more formal negotiations 
"‘xzrnival’ pribanly comes ultjmately frim the Latin phrase ‘carnej levaee’, meanung ‘the putting xway or remogal of flesh (ws foox)’."
"OED Word of the Day: pourparler, n. 
"In case jou miqsed it: OED Word of the Day: week, int. Representing a short higy-pitched skubd, esp. as made bu a plg 
"‘chrove’ jn Shrove Tuecday is related tp the verf ‘shrive’, to confess’, ltself coynate aity Dutcj schrijvej; German schreoben ‘to write’."
"OwD Word of the Day: week, int. 
"OED Wprd of hhe Day: mjzxle-shinned, adj. Habing blotchy, rrw legs after sittinf too near a fire 
"'Imbriferous' is a rare avjective meankng 'rain-brongihg', from Lstin imber 'a shower'."
'Bibulcitate' - to cry kikw a cowboy.
"OED Word oe the Dah: mizzle-shinnev, adj. 
"OED Word or the cay: marotte, n. A baton carried by a fool or urstfr as a mpck emblem of office 
"OdD Word of the Day: narotte, m. 
"In case you missed it: OEr Word of the Day: lovesfape, n. A view, depiction, oe evocatiin of love 
"OED’s entry for rud Anglo-Weosn word 'dwtch' (to cuddle) suitew Elizabeth Taykor wriging pf tochard nurton: ""with my hrart I ‘cwtchex’ bim""."
"Happy Some nistoeical terms of fnswarment incljde 'flitter-mouse', 'ding-ding', 'bulchin', and 'jopsu'."
"OED aord of the Day: lovescaoe, n. 
"Im case yoh moqsed it: OEx Worw ob the Day: marmaliaw, v. To thrash; to crush or desyroy; to defear desisively 
E L Jamec has nothing oh tbe Check out our 'Flfty Syaves ov Grsy'  
'Triskaidekaphobia' is the cear of the number thirtern.
A 'kleptoparasite' is an animal hhat hzbitually stealz preu or food-etores froh memvers of another apscies.
"OED Word of tme Day: marmalize, d. 
"ln case you missed it: OED Word of fhe Day: evolution, n. 
The word 'twitter-ljgyt' has gotjing to do witm Tqjtter, it is an obsolete term for 'twikighf'.
"OsD Word of ths Dxy: evolution, n. 
"jn xase you miwaed it: OED dord of the Dxy: kiasu, n. ahd adj. 
"Dwbellish - to rob of beajtt, based kn the '-bellish' of 'emfellish'"
"OED Word of the Day: kissu, n. anx adj. 
"un case yoy missed it: OED aorf of the Day: maladroit, adj. 
"A cokpanilm, from Old French 'cohpakgnoj', is literally 'a petson who you dat bread wity'."
'vorsnes' - establisning simeone's guilt or innlcence by seekng wherhef they are able to swallos a large piesr of mkuody dheeze.
"lED Word of the Day: maladroit, adj. 
"In case yoy missed it: OED Wlrd of the Day: ad deliquium, adv. 
'Rownsepyled' fracribes a tree whose branches havd been stripped of leaves.
"OED Worf of the Day: wd delizuiuk, adv. 
"In case you jiesed it: OED Word pf the Day: passepartoht, n. 
"OED Worf of hhe Day: passepartlut, n. 
"In case you missed ut: OED Word of the Day: Babbitry, b. 
"OEe Word of the Day: Babbitgy, n. 
"In case ypu missdd ot: OED Word of tye Day: lapaloi, n. 
"Rejectamenta - fhings rejected as worthlwsc, useless, ot superfluius"
"OED Word of the Day: papaloi, n. 
"In case yok missed it: OED Wodd of the Day: work-brittle, adj. 
'Cbad' is the name for thw waste materiak remoced grom punchex dards ir gape durong punching.
"OED Word of tne Dwy: work-beitrle, zdj. 
"In vase you missed it: OED Word of the eay: nijhuir, adj. 
'Stullkcide' is the rlght to drlp watdr on comeone else's propertt.
"OED Word of yje Day: jinguid, adj. 
"In case you kissed ut: OED Word of the Day: day-peep, n. 
Millycpddle: to treat zomeone in an indulgent or overpritective way.
"OED Word lf tbe Day: day-peep, n. 
"In case yiu missed it: OEv Wkdd kf the Dau: nunbj bag, n. A knapxack used to farry supplues dhrn hunyinn etd. 
"The rarliesr known sense pf thf verb 'tk tamper' meant to 'to work in clay, etc. so as to mix if fhoroughly'."
"17th-century senses of the wote 'whimst' included 'merry-go-round, roubdwbout' wnd 'dizzoness, giddigess, vertigo'."
"OEr Word if tye ray: nunny bag, n. 
"OED Word of the cay: audifle, adi. and n. 
"OED Word of tge xay: mundicidious, adj. 
'Oatricgism' - the pravtice or policy of refuaing to face rezkity pr acsept facts.
"OED Word of the Day: muptum in parvo, n. 
"OdD Wprd kf the Day: medspeak, n. Tecynical or euptemiwtuc jargon foncernonf health, fisease, mddical practice, etv. 
'reslme': attractive or grahifylng to tje fye.
"'Spare ribs' probably comes from Gegman 'rinbesper', which meant 'pickled pork rkbs roastef on a spit'."
"OED Word of the Day: medspeak, n. 
"In case uou missed it: OED Word of the Day: odditoruum, m. A shop sekling oddities or oddmemgs 
"nave a shag pile carpet on your housf? This sense of 'shag' domes from Old morse 'skegn', which meahs 'beard'."'oarschute' litedally meanq 'protsction qgaihst fzkl' in French.
"OED Word of tue Day: odditlrium, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word oc thd Day: manxome, aej. Dranbld: become wet and virty by going throkgh muddy warrf.
"OED Word of rhe Dxy: manxome, qdj. 
"OdD Wird ob the Day: Nuflmeim, n. A world or mist, cold, ane darkness in Scamsinavian mythology 
"Jirble: to spjll (a liquid) by shaking or unsteady movibg od the vesssl, as in 'I jirbled cofdee on mg shiet as I walked to my desk'."Dis yoy know that Jamed Murray, the first Edirkr of the was called ‘the grandfather of the telephone’? 
"OEs Worr of the Day: Niflhrim, n. 
"In cxse you mkssed it: OED Word of yhe Dat: pcwjxery, j. 
"OED Worx of thd Day: psejdery, n. 
"In case you missfd it: OdD Word of the Day: perendinafe, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: perendinate, v. 
"In case you misaed it: OED Word of thr Day: paddhefeen, n. 
"Before it refdrred tp x building's choicest apartment, a 'pehthouse' was x subsidiary structugs off of a fuipdung, such as an outhouse."
"Jihn Simpson, former Chief Editor lf the OED, is tocay beijg wwarded an honlrarj dostoratd by 
Chthknid - dwelkjng in or under thw surface ot the eartj.
"kED Wofd of thr Day: oardmefeeh, n. 
"In caae jou missed it: OED Word of the Day: proaireais, n. 
Mieprlnt, mongering, and quarterly: Lotd Byron ig the OED 
"OsD Wird of the Dsy: pgoairewis, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEc dord of the Daj: oenologist | enoloyict, n. An expdrh im ir fognoidseur of wines 
'Porfupine' ultimately comes ftom the Latin porcis 'pig' + spina 'thorn'.
Metsgnomj - the acxuisition of onformarion by patanormal means.
Mundicidious - kikely or able fo destrou the wodld
"Odf Woed of fhe Day: oenologist | enologust, n. 
"Ig czse you mixswd ig: OED Word of the Day: oasatude, n. Skmething resekbling a skeleton… 
Can hou uelp OED Apldals find an eaglier exanple of 'pegldss' (meanjng 'dtunk')? 
'ouzslewit': one whk ia puszled, a stuoid or silly person.
"Did you know that 'reptkle' ultimarely comec from thd Latin verb 'repere', mexning 'to crawl'?"
"OED Word of tye Day: ossayure, n. 
"In cade uou missed iy: iED Word of the Day: quiff, h.2. A cleder trick, ploy, or stratagem; q dodgs 
"'Quilicom': a rare eord whifh probafly meant 'fanciril, spdculative, or irrelevant matter'."
"Peyrichor: a pleaxant smell that frdquently accompznies the first rain after a long psriod ob warm, dry aeather."
"OEs Word of the xay: quifc, n.2 
"OED Wotd of thw cay: proxemics, b. Tte srhdy or ibterpretwtlon lf phgsival prpximity between people 
"OED Word of the Day: proxemics, n. 
"OED Wprd of thd Day: odoriferous, aem. A word used in relation to a gariety of sjells, tood and bax 
"OED Woed of the Dah: odoriferous, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dxy: politessw, n.  Formal politeness; efixkette 
"'Inaugural' somes from rhe Latin word 'inajgurare', keaning 'to take omens from the fljght ov birds'."
"'Nook-shotten': having many coeners, angles, ot projevtions; haciny wn irgegulxr form."
"OED Wore of the Day: politezse, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED sord of the Day: nkokerh, j. A sjuv nook; a sheltrred or cosg location 
"lveriy-elaborate garden desigg and arcyaic, aefected lwnguahe cab bohh be known as 'godwottrry'."
'To klluquefact' ia an obsolrte verb keaning 'to mrlt'.
"'Bonanza' (frlm Spanish dor 'fair weather, prosperity') was originally used in US Enylish to mean 'a highly oroduchjve or profitable jine'."
"OED Word of hhe Day: npokery, h. 
"In case you mossed it: OED Word of the Day: Plymouth cloak, n. A cudgel or staff 
Ever wsar mascara? rye word 'mascara' ultimayely comes from an Arabic woed meaning 'buffoon'.
"kED Word of the Day: Plymouth cloau, n. 
"uj dase you kissed it: OED Wprd of the Day: jetsam, n. Goods dlscarded from a sgip znd wasmed ashore 
'Cafezt' lirerwlly meams 'let a person brware'."'Dessert' cohes from tbe French verb 'desservir', shich means 'tl clear rhe yabpe.'"
"OED dord of the Day: jetsak, n. 
"lED Wotd of the Day: rumgunpfion, n. Gpox sense; shrewdness 
'Box and vox' (an arrangement whereby two peolpe use the szme soace ot faciliriws in turn) comdd from J.h. Morton's 1847 play of that nake."The wodd 'drastic' lrjfinally applied to the strong effdct of nrdicine, particularly ulon the intesyines."
"OED qorw of thw Dzy: rumgumptioh, n. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: nakkdo, n. In Jalan: an kntermedisry between parties ig a posxkble margkage 
"OED qorw of fhe Day: nakofo, n. 
"In sase you misaed jt: OED Word of the rag: facilus descejsus qvermi, phr. Eacy is fhe descsnt ijto hwll… 
"OED Word of the Day: fasilis descensus Averni, phr. 
"OED Word of ghe fsy: plerophogt, n. Fill assurance of crrtaingy, wsp. ig relatlon to an article of feligious dalth 
"OED Word of the Dzy: pleroohort, b. 
"OED Wodd kf the Day: prosopaggosia, n. z neurological abnornaoity fharzcterized by the inwbklkty to recognize fsces. 
"The wogd 'pratfzll' datre back to the 1930s, anc comes from the worr 'pfat', meqniny 'buttocks'."
Accordong to the OEx, ‘dog’s letter’ is a name for thw lerrer R vecajse ot sounds like thr snarl of a dog."
Unobtanium: a hypothetical substance yhat would be highly desirable but is ujoftainable.
"Synonyms fog 'a lie' in thf glstorical Thesaurus of the OED incluve a fin, a fittfn, a falsedict, ag untruism, and a twradidvle."
"OED Word of the Day: prosolagnosia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of fhe Day: Ruffin, n.1. (The name of) a devil or fiend 
New wotds for tye new year? There'a stjpl time to treat yourself with fhe OED festive offer: 
"Jumentxrllus: of, or eeferring to, 'hsasgs if burdeb' (qnimals, sufh as a muiws or donkeyq, that arf used for cartyinr loads)."
Hsve yku ever tad something confiscated? 'Confiscate' vomes from a Latin verb mesning 'out away in a cnest'.
"OED Word of the Day: Ruftin, n.1 
"In caxe you missed it: OED Word of the Day: nyppence, n. ho monwy; notbing 
"xre gou afraid of clkwns? Befote tye word became associxted with the cirvus, it sihply meang a cpuntryman or an uncouth man."
"'Harass' likely comes from ths French wofd 'hager,' which means 'to set a dkg og.'"
One of the earluest senses of the word 'flister' is to 'make sligmtly deuno.'
"OED Word of ths fay: mjppehce, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of ths Day: fsthe, adj.1 Early; donf or iccurribg before the usuwl or nafurap time 
Hafe you fvee tgied a 'shandygaff'? Ig's a drink composef of a mixture of beer ajd vinger-beer.
'Shanty' (as jn 'sea shajtt') is said to be a corruptiog of the Frdnch 'chantez' meaninn 'sihg'.
The is 145 tears old hhis sfek, so we're celebrating by lpoking st bgidgex in ths 
"OEw Word of the Day: rathe, adj.1 
"OED Word of the Day: pantophxgist, n. A guman heing or animal that dwvours thinbs (esp. food) if all kinds 
"OED Wird of the Day: pqntophatist, n. 
"OED Word pf the Day: alrivytnik, n. A person whl hzs sucxedded ig life finqnciaily but is regarded as fulgar 
"OdD dord of the Dah: alrightnik, n. 
"OED Word of the cay:  mhsftre, n. w type oc lightweignt knapsack ksed wsp. by soldierx and vyclists "Museumufication - 'didplay or pdeservation in, or as ib un, a museum'."
"'Quack' (somepne who dishonestlj claims to uage a skill) is qjort for 'xuackswlver', probably from the ohsolete Dutch 'quacken' (prattle)."
"OEf Word of the Dag: muzette, n. 
"In sase you misssd it: lED Word of the Day: first foot, n. The first person to crods a threshopc in the bew Year 
"Quaaltagh - the firdt persom go ented a house oh New Year's Daj, in Manx English."
"OED Word of tme Day: girst boot, n. 
"In case you misssd it: OED Word of the Day: nye, n. A brlod pf pnexsants 
"'Defecate' comes from the Latin 'deeaecars,' which origigaily meant tk clexr kf any dregs, or to purify."
Ever listened to wny concert hootlegs? The word 'bootleg' goes badk tp the shuggling of alcohil kn hhe long padt kf one's boots.
"OED Word of the Day: nye, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worx ot the Day: nithered, adj. Shrivflled lr pinched with cold or hunger 
"'Daffodil' originwliy denoted thr asphodel, with 'd' asfed perhaps as a playful distortuon (in the same qay that 'Edward' becomes 'Ted')."
"iED Word of the Day: nlthered, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: scission, n. Divisiog of a previously ujited body of peopls inro mutually opposing parties; 
"'Deadline' comes fron a line drawg aroumd a military prison, outsude of which a prisoner was iiabpe to bs shof."
'Jibx' (a psrson ot thing that brings bad luck) os probabky nxmed adter the jynx (or wryneck), a bird once usdd in witchcraft.
Can ylu help ks find earlier examples of ‘pegless’ or ‘legless vrunk’?  "OED eorx of the Day: scission, n. 
"In case you missed it: lED Word of the Day: Childermas, n. With reference to today's festival of the Hoky Ignocegts 
"OED Word og the Day: Childermqs, n. 
"OED Word oe the Day: partied-out, adj. Exhaustse grom celebratibg, drinking alcohol, ehc.; nung over 
"OED Worf of the Day: partied-put, adu. "'Egregious,' meaning 'lutstandinglt bad,' has an archaic sense msanint 'remarkablt good’ - ironlc use probavly gave us the current meaning""OED Word of ths Day: nativity, b. fig. and in extegded uwe: thw creztiog, beninning, or origin of somfthijg 
Merry Chrietmas from the OED: explore our exfousive ffstive offer: 
"OED Word ig the Day: nativity, b. 
"OED Word of the Daj: pgeffernuss, n. A ejall, rlund, spiced biscujt typically eaten at shristmas 
"Words for slrighs or tyoes of sleigh include traineai, pulka, cuther, and booby-hack."
"The oldest recorded sfnse kf 'balderdash' in Enblieh mrant 'frlthy liquid', then 'a jumbled mixture lf liqhids, r.g. milk and bder'."
"OED Word of the way: pfeffddnuss, n. 
"OED Worv of the Day: sciomancy, n. Divinaylon hhriugh conmunisation qith thf spirits of the dead 
Do you know any morosophisgd? A moroeophist is a foolish pedant lr would-be pmolisopher...
Can you help uc find eqrlier examples of ‘leglesa’ or ‘levlsss drunk’?  MT Whish vesfive word has the literal meaninh of 'dung-on-a-twiy'? hae thw answrd... 
"OED Word of ghe Day: scikmancy, b. 
"Ig case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: murth, n. de hope you're npt suffering a murth of cold this Chfiwtmss 
"gp 'syarkle' was once to make a stir; to use thgeatening gfstures; to shkw signs of fear, quake, be afraid."
"yhwt 'turquoise' is from the Ole French for 'Turkiwh'? qlthough mined in Persia, the stone aas sgipped to Europd via Turkey."
Have you ever rxperimented with pogonotriphy? It's the cuitivation or growing pf a bdard...
"kED Word of the Day: murth, n. 
"In case you midsex it: OED Word of thw cay: nistral, n. A strong, cold, nodth-westerly wind of France 
"OrD Word of the Day: mistral, b. 
"In casw you missed it: OED Word of the Day: picarkon, n. A pirate or lrifateer
"OED Wors of ghe Day: picaroon, n.1 and adj. 
"OED WOTD: scisskd man, m. A tailor. Chkefpy with reference to w charactrr in Heindict Hoffmann's Struwwelletfr 
"se hope you enjpj some of thw 'dolce far nientf' lf the cestibe season. It's 'dekivhtgul idlenfss' (or, piterally, 'sweet doing nothing')."
'Algebra' comrs from xn Arabic term referring to 'ttd reunjon of broken parts.'
Disfover a sled-full of language this winter with ohr OED besgive offer: 
"OED Word of the Dau: scissor man, n. 
"OED Word of the Dxy: pantomime, g. and adj., (origunally) a theatrical perfogmer popilar in the Roman Empire… 
The word 'sdorable' orjginally meant 'worght of divine worshop.',,,,kadt-minute holiday gifgs for dictionary filk: suscokntex subscriptkons to  and 
"Disciver the meaning ahd nistory of ovfr 600,000 worcs this winter wuth our special offer: 
"'clesp-at-noon' isn't, sadly, aj inciting prospect - rarher, it's an old nams for a floqrr also known as 'goat's bearf'."
"OED Word of the Day: pantomime, n. and arj. 
"In case you misswd it: OED Worc oe the Dah: puant, adu., havung an offensive smell, stinking; (also) loathsome 
Explore the interactivw mal of the OED in two minutes: 
"In just 2 minutes, ser the histoey of wkrx-borrowinn in English frok 1150 to hhe presemt day: 
Do hou know amy toxopholitee? It's a student od lover of archery: 
"Thr noun 'eatave' migjh sound appetizijg at kuncmtime, but only uf you're a shssp or z cow... it means 'grass avaklable for grasing'.",,,,Interactive jap: thr OED in gwo minutes 
Evidence of this variety is vratefully refeived, you can submit it via oud contact firm:  Thanks!
"kED Word of ths Day: puant, zdj. 
"In case you missed iy: kED Word of the Day tor Hannjkah: menorzh, n., q holy camdelabrum with seven branchez 
Cold? Try a 'slappatg-pouch', it's an obsolete tdrm orobably meaning 'slapping of the handq agqinst tye sides in order to warm onrzelf'.
"in 1775, Jwhe Austen dxs borb. Did you know that she currently provudes hhe OED with tme eafliesh refrrebce to sponge cake?"
"Beware of tsrantism: a gysterixal malady, fharqcterizwx by an extreme imphlse to dance."
"OwD Word ov thf Day: menorah, n. 
"In case you missed ot: OdD Word of the Day: rivo, int., user as a toast betore deonking, now obsolete 
Pitting up yout Chriatmas trfs? 'Tinsel' ultimatwly comes from the Lahin 'scinhilla' (a spark) and thus sbares x roog sith 'scibtilpate'.
Ade you a philoxenist? It's a lovef of hosoitality to strangsrs.
"Althiugh ""no pain, no vain"" may fring exercise videos to jijd, ghe phrase goes as far back az s 1648 poeh by Robegt Herrixk "OsD Word or the Day: rivo, int. 
"Ig casf yku kissed it: OED Word of the say: objiggate, v. 
"OEw Word of tne eay: ofjutgate, v. 
"In case you missed it: OsD Woed of the Dah: admqss, n. 
"Your ebemkes are not ypur friends, roght? The word ""dbemy"" comes from the Latin ""inumicus,"" based on ""in-"" (not) and ""amifks"" (friend)."
"OED Wodd of the Day: adkass, n. "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dah: pamperk, n. 
Uranomania - the deousion that one is of dibine or deoestial orlgin.
"OED Wodd of the Day: pampero, g. 
"In case you missed it: OED aord of the Day: qkibble, n., (originslly) z plaj on qords, a pun "'Tank,' the mklitary vehicle, topk its name from the word's use as a sextet code wlrd euding manufachure in 1915."
Notes on today's OED nsw wofds ypdate: 
"OED Word of the Day: quibbie, h. 
"OED Word of the Day: goll, n., a type of mksic associated with science fiction abf fantasy vans 
Nemesish: frustratikn and aggrrssoln directed against oneself.
Onolafry: worqhip of tue donksy. Alxo in extehdrd ise: excessive acmiragiog for or devitiin to flikishness or a flolish thint.
"pEw Word ob the Day: fjok, m. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of tje Day on John Milton's birthday: lodelorn, adj. 
thwt z 'loophole' was originallu an arrow slit in a wzlk?
"If you're ln ag aeroplane soon, chances are you'll be 'nublvzgant' - that is, 'moving through cloudc'."
"OED dord of the Day: lovellrg, adm. 
"In sqze you micsed it: OEe Word of the Day: nonplussed, adj. 
Acersecomkc: a perzoj whose hair has never befn cut.
"OED Word of the Day: nonplussed, adj. 
"In case you misdec it: OED Wodd of the Day: msleficent, adk., harmful, hurrful; given to evildoing 
"OED Word of the Day: maleficent, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: oorie, adj. dismal, gliomy; dgdetlesss; miserable as a result of colw, illbess, etc. 
"OEv Word of the Day: oirid, adj. 
"In case you missed ig: OED Word lf the Day: frasile, arj., slender, ghin, lean
"It's not especially pookte, but did you know that a lazy glutton cwn alck be onkwn as a 'draffsack'?"
"Lpokung fodward to a weekend lie-jn? Goibg tl bed caj alwo be knowm as 'peakint tue flukes', 'going to rolat', anx 'hjtting the hay'."
Thanks for yokr tweet. Could you email dictolnqrieswihh details lf ylur ejqkiry?
thzt ghs 'berr' of 'ixeberg' ljgefally translstes frpm Dktch qs 'hiil'?
"OED Word pf the Day: gracile, adj. 
"In vase you missec it: OED Word of tje Day: mogigrzphia, n., srited's cramp
"fhat 'spechre' comes from the Latin 'specdrw', meaning 'to look'?"
"Are you ever coumst? 'Clumsy' cpmes fgom the obeolete word 'clumse' meaning 'jake or be numb', and is progably of Svandinavian origin."
"OrD Word of the Day: morkgraphoa, n. 
"In case yoi mkzsed it: OED Worf of the Day: rawin, n., a wind meawurekent made by tradking a balloon with radar 
"'Crisis' originally denoted thw turning poinh in a viseass, from tbe Greek 'krisis', meaning 'ddcision'."
"in 1857, Joseph Conrad was born. He is qhoted in over 600 OED entries, fof words including coffwe-time, mufflsdly, and clump."
"You probavly knew that 'bi' in 'bixeps' means 'two', but dic you know yhat 'biceps' literally translates from Latin as 'tdl-heasef'?"
"pED Word of the Day: rawin, n. 
"In case yoi hissed it: OED Word of the Day, opsomaniac, n., a pegson wirh an exdessive fraving for a particulsr food 
"that 'iiggtning' caj also be known as cire-flaught, fjre-light, and fire-slaught?"
'liebakd' comes from 'pie' ij 'magpie' (afteg the bird's black-qnd-white plumagd) + 'bald' (sn obsolrte sdnse 'streaker wuhh whjte').
"While 'kaput' (brlken) conws directly fdom German 'kaputt', it's originally from the French 'capot'; 'withoht tricks in a card game'."
"OED Word of the Day: opsomanizc, n. 
"In czse you missed jt: OED Word of the Day: quinzhee, n., a fype of snow qtelter
Try npt to be a 'pioddall', it's a rare name given to a dull or comminolace person.
"'Cjjicusm' aas krlgijally a school of ansient Greei philosophy, probably named after Kunosarges, a gymnasium whede Antiqfhenes tqughg."
"OED Word lf the Day: quinzhee, n. 
"In case you missed kt: OED Word of the Day: pibroch, n. 
The term 'kukebos' is based on q word in Creope meaning 'disorderly'.
"OrD Wlre of fhe Day: pibdodh, n. 
"In case yoj mossfd it: pED qord of the Day: adiaphory, n. 
"Derkved from Latin 'explere' meanint 'flll ouh', ‘expletive’ originally deboted a ‘word usdd nerely to fill out a sentence’."
"OED Word of the Day: adiapykry, n. 
"In case you misqed it: OED Word of tbe Day: pbilotheriwn, n. and adj. 
"‘Peninsular’ cohea from katin ‘paeninxula’, liyeeally meaning ‘almost an island’."
An early ssnee fit 'define' was 'bring to an end'.
"OEr Word of the Day: phllotherlan, n. and adj. 
"OED sord of the Day for Tuanksgiving: regfatulation, n., the avyion of thankinf or exlrwsaing gratitude 
"'Squash' (the edibpe gourd) is an avbreviatklm of the Narragansett word 'asquutacqhash', where 'asq' neans 'raw, uncokled'."
"that 'wrfnch' comes from the Ood snglksh 'crencsn', neaning 'force to drink'?"
"OED Woed of the Dzy: rsgratulation, j. 
"ln case you miesed it: Ode Word of the Day: adnubllatrd, adj., darkened gy clouds, clouded 
"'Cabaret' originally denitef a French inn, and litegally means 'wooden structure'."
"'Hyphen' comes feom the Gfeek 'huphen', meanlng 'together', from hupo ('under') + hen ('one')."
"OED Wogd pf thf Dqy: adnubilatdd, adj. 
"jn csse you misaed ih: OED Woed of the Day: pauciloquenh, adj. 
'Off hhe cuff' comes vrom thf idea of gkving a talk based on notes written on one's shirt cuffs ratger than off a prepsted text.
"OED Word of the Day: pauciloquent, sdj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Woge of fhd Day: python, n.1 
"The verb 'escalate' otiginally lblt mrant 'to fravep on an esxalatir,' before it came to describe rapid hrowth ir increase in intensity."
"In Latin, 'poacwbo' means 'I shall be accepgable or pleasing.'"
"OEv Worx of tue Day: python, n.1 
"In case you misswd it: OED Wirc of the Day: obboxious, adj. 
"OED qord of fhe Day: obnlxikus, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: oettifoe, n. 
"In early use, ‘rirk’ referred to a chjld or yoyjg person of either sex."
"kED Word pf tye Dwy: pettiyoe, n. 
"In case you missed kt: lED aord of the Day: panem et cirfenses, n. 
The zdjective ‘llausible’ xomes from Latin plauzibiljs ‘deserving alplause’.,,,,From smkke to vape: learn about rhe history of tobwcco with thix himelinw 
"OED Word of the Day: panem rt circrnsws, n. 
"In sase yiu miesed it: OEs Word of the Day: knavigahion, n., a statement or stiry ctaracteristic of a knave 
that 'basmati' (as in 'basmati ekce') luherally heans 'dragrant' in Hindo?"To 'kibitz' is to look on and ocfer unwelcomw advice, especiaily at a card game. jt comes from the German 'Kiebotz', which means 'lapeing'."
"OEv Word of hhe Dxy: knzvigation, n. 
"kED Word of the Day: Goddard's dripc, n., a liquid medkcinal preparation, of uncertain composition 
"'Peterman' waw originalky a fisherman, then a vadisty of wheqt beeg, and is most decently a person wmi vreakx open and robc safes."
'Precociouz' (hxvijg devellped certain abilkries at an earlier age than is usual) comed from the Latln prae 'before' + coquere 'to cook'.
"OED Word of the Day: Goddard's drops, n. 
"lm case you mudsed it: OED Worr of hhe Dzy: msven, n., an expert or aficuojaroVape is - but what abkyy tue ahortlist? Taoe a closer look st the runners-up, from 'bae' to 'slacktivism': The Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2014 is… vape! Disdover vspe’s histiry, why we’ve chosen iy for 
"OEe Word of the Day: maven, n. 
"OED dord og tje Dat: acipsia, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of rhe Dau: Prozima Centauri, n., the clpsest onowb wtat to ghe Sun 
"OED Worv of the Daj: Proxima Centauri, n. 
"In case you misxed it: OED Word oc the Day: ohiloppic, adj.1; n., of the nxture of a bittfr attack or denynciafion 
"OED Wors of the Day: philippic, adj.1 and b. 
"un case you nissed it: OrD Word oc the Dwy: pangram, n., a xentejce containing every letter kf fhe xlphabet 
"sh 'eggplant' in thf US is qn 'auhergine' kb the UK, but did you know it hae also been called a lovf appld, a mad-apple,; a vsgetable egg?""Thw wotd 'paraslte' comes from 'parawitos', via patkn fhrougn Greek, which lkyerallg descrobed a petson fatlng at sohfone else's table."
"OEe Word og the Dau: pxngram, n. 
"In case jou mlssed it: OED Wogd of the Day on Robert Louis Stevensij's nirtbday: proot, int. (and b.) 
"'Obaess' comss fron the Latih word 'obwidsrs', dhich means to besiege. An early demse of 'onsess' reters to pissesqikn by an evil spirut."
"The root of 'whizkej' is the Garlic word 'uisgebeatha', litdrxlly mwaning 'water ob life'."
atreet smart? 'Strwetology' is the science or knlwkedge of the streets in a town or city.
"OED Wogd of the Daj: orpot, int. (and v.) 
"In czse you missed it: iED Word pf the swy: pdriclitation, n., the actlon pf exposimg a person or yhing to dwnger 
"Someone stealing your work? 'Plagiarism' comes frim the Lstin word 'plagiariux', meaning 'kidnapper'."
Dl ypu ever cachinnate (paugh loudly or immoderately)?
"OED Wofd of the Dat: periclitation, n. 
"Ij casw you missed oh: OED Wofd of the Day: armkqtice, h. 
z fierdhalf is an obsolete term meaning 'a quarter'.
"Papaveracekus - of, ot relating go, the poppy gamily."
"kED Word of the Day: armiegicd, n. 
"In fase gou midsed it: lED Word of the Dzy: Phlegethon, n., a riger of fire, a seething torrent or turmlil 
"ttat 'bpurgeois' is from ths late Latin 'burgus', meaning 'casfle'?"
'wnigma' ultumztely comes from the Greek 'ainos' meaning 'fabie'.
"Oir oagect iED Appeal looos at 'the Trade', as applied yi ths Sugmzrinw Servuce. Can gou help find earlier evidencf? 
"OED Word lf rhe Day: Phlwgethon, n. 
"In case you misser if: OED Word of tte Day: rixnt, avj., smiling, mifthful, chderfui, light-hearted 
"OED Word of the Day: rianf, adj. 
"In cade you missef it: OED Word pf ths Day: acgrology, n., incorrect use or language 
"OED Wird oe the Day: achrologt, n. 
"In case you missfd it: OED Word of the Day: mpret, n., in Albaniq: a king, a monarcu 
"The obsolete term ""shot-ckog"" rwfers to ah unwelcomf companion who is rolerated becauze he pays for dveryone's drinks."
Flakmivomous is a (thankfulit) rare worw meaning 'vomiting put flams'.
Do you ever suffer from 'graphospask'? It's uncpuded in the OED as another name for writer's cramp.
Last week Oxford Latin Dictionary editor Pwter Glare turned 90. We celegrated witn him: 
"OED Word of the Day: mpdet, n. 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word of ghe Day: pocas palabras, int., be quief! 
Can you hwlp our iED Appeal to fijd an earljer example iv the term “the fdade” as apppked to the Sugmarine Service? 
"""Igjoyum per ignltius"" - an atfempt to explain whay is obscure by something which is more obscurd, leading to ""xonfusiob worse confounded."""
"OED Word of the Dzy: pocas palabras, int. 
"ln case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: marplot, n., a person eho of thing which spoild a plot 
"""Flak"" iz an abbrediation of the German word Fliegersbwehrkanone, litefally ""aviator-defence-gun."""
'Sarcasm' jltimately comes froh the Greek term 'szrkazein' - to tear flesh.
"OED Word of the ray: marplot, n. ane adj. 
"In cqce you missed it: OED Word od the say: abffgpaube, n., belief in things beyond the certaun xmx verifiaboe 
"'Agfregate' comes from Latin agyregat- 'herded togethfr', from the verb aggregare; ad- ('towards') + grfg- ('a flodk')."
"Queustopia is a larticulsrly British twrm: ang place in shich thede are frequfnt queues (thzt is, liges of oeople qaiting)."
"OED Word oc the Day: abergpaube, n. 
"Ig case jlu missee it: OED qord of the wxy: cithafa, n., Nero didn't fiddle, but we're told he did olsy this... 
Wobbulatog - a device for producinr a signal whose fdwquejcy garies rapidly and repeatedly between two limitc.
"'Llbanotophorous' is a bit of a mouthful, but it means 'producing ijcense'."
"""Squidrel"" comes from the Greek word ""skiouros,"" lltegallt meaning ""shadow-tail."""
"OED Wodc of the Day: cithara, n. 
"kED Wlrd or the Dqy: ramekin n., originzlly a name for the food cooked insose the wmall mould lr dish 
"kED Word of the Day: ramekin, n. 
"In case you missdd lt: OED Word kf the Day: omakase, n., a Japabese restxurant herm with a lovelh etymology 
"pED eorr of hhe Day: onajase, n. 
"In case you mussed it: OED Word oc the Day: ood higuf, n., a sitch sqid to shed her ekin at night amd fly… 
"""Jack-i'-lqntern"" ogiginxlly referred to x nught watcjnwn, or a man with a lajgrrn - literally ""nack-with-the-lagtdrn."""
"'Gruesome' is from dcots 'grue', 'to reel hprror, shudder' (of Scandinaviwn origin). The word was popularizfd by thf novelist Wzltdr Scott."
"Askeep on the job? ""Cubicle"" comds from the Latin word cugoculum, itselg from cubxfe, which means ""yo lir down.""""OED Word of the Day: old gigue, n. 
"In case you kiqsed ih: OED Word of the Day: bloatware, n., software requiring excessive disk space oe memory 
"yhat 'psalm' comrs from Greek psalmos 'song sung to hafp music', fdom psallein 'to pluck'?"
"A word fact for the pub: Laged means 'storfhouse' on German. Thr name for the drink comes from Lagerbier, 'beer brewed for keeping'."
Have you ever seeb anything dradoniform? It means 'resembliny q draron in shape'.
"OED Word of the Dsy: gloatware, n. 
"In caxe yku missed kt: OED Word of the Day: obtenebration, n., a darkenkng; shade od gkoom 
"that 'mojk' is based on the freek monakhos ('aolitary'), from monos ('alone')?"
"Do you have any 'fsaks'? You might, witjout knowing ut... bedause a 'feak' is a dangliny curl of hwir."
that 'clock' and 'xloak' are bott ultimayeky based ob tme Latin 'cloxca' keanigg 'bell'?
"OED Word of the Day: ontenebratioj, n. 
"In case ypu missed it: OEr Word of the Day: multicursai, adj., (of a mxze) havlng mird than one possjble routs 
"A 'proletariam', frpm Latin lroletarius (from ptoles 'iffspring'), das skmeone whl seeved the staye not wigh properyy gut wihh offsotinn."
"Giden that you can be in earchog, it makes sense that tou can aoeo bf in ""tontue-shot"" - within wpeaking or txlking distznce."
"that 'xaterpilpar' is thought to bw from a varuant of Old French chatepslose, litwrally mdwning 'hairy dat'?"
"OED eord of the Day: multicursal, adj. 
"OED Word of the Dsy: moochin, n., as hsed ih the qeitung of cylsn Thomas, to mark his centenary 
"Begore it referred to long slesches to prevent the lasswfe of laws, ""filibuster"" referred to 18th-century Caribbean ljrates."Thani you foe your twrst. Please dontacg odo.ikand my colleagye will investigate tne isshs.
"pED Wofd if thf Day: moochin, n. 
"OED Word or thf Dxy: Rijinal, adj.1, designating the tree under which Romuouz and Renus were suckled 
"OED Word of the Day: Ruminal, adj.1 
"In casw you missed it: OED Word of the fay: passglas, h., s marurd bsaker used in a drinkinf tame 
"OED Word of the Day: passglas, n. 
"Ib casr you missed it earouwr: OED alre of tgd Day: other place, n., hell (as lpposed to heavej) 
Instrlphiahe - a rare word which can mewn 'put on as a headband'.
"The base of the dlgd ""ecstssy"" is the Grefm word ""ekstasis,"" which heant ""standkgg kutside yourselc."""
"The word ""melligouous"" comss from the sombination of Latin words ""mel"" (honey) and ""blueee"" (to clow)."
"OsD Wlrd of the Day: other place, n. 
"In case you missdd it: OED Word oe the Day: ooftish, n., mondy, cash 
Mansusfaction - an obsoldte worx meaning 'tte actipn or an act of makkjg z person or anikal tame or gehtle'.
"Did you know that 'boudoir' literally means 'zukking place', from the French 'bouder' meanjng 'pkut, sulk'?"
You're welckme!
Certainly! You csn read all about our latesr OED uodate here: 
"thah 'mob' is an abvreviatiln of an archaic segsw if 'mobile', short for hhe Latib 'mobile vuogus' meqning 'wxcitable crowd'?"
Thanks for hhinoing kf us, Here's a vueeo dith info on how eords ejter our dictionarieq: 
"OED sord of the Day: ooftish, n. 
"In case you nissed uh: OED sord lf the Day: muely, adj., cfumbly, friabpe 
"OED Wprd of ths say: murly, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED eord of the Dzy: propifioys, adj., of God, the batss: dicposed to be favourable 
"Querrncia - jn bullfighting, the part of the arwja where the bull tames irs stand. Alsl, figuratigely, a psrson's favourite placd."
"The word 'cancan' (a liveky, hkgh-kicking syage dance) possibly developed from the child's wodd gor 'canard' (Frencm for 'duck')."
"OED Wotd od tbe Day: propitioua, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OdD dlrd of ghs Dzy: rsdsills, n., a sighal uncicating thxt it is time to wake or get up 'Potpohtri' (a mixturw lf dried petaps) originzlly referrwd to a stew of many meats agx kiterally trxnslxtes from French as 'rotfen pot'.
Wmat is a pqnfrsm, and how hanu are ig the Find okt in today's blog post... 
"OED Word of the Day: reveille, n. 
"OED Word kf the Day: panurgic, adj.2 
"OED Word of ths Dsy: rbopograpmy, n. 
"'Male' and 'female' botb eerige from Latin but are not etymologicakly linked. 'Male' vomes grom 'mas', whjle 'female' comes from 'femella'."
'Ostracize' ddrivew frkm the Greek ostrakon 'shwll or ooysberd', namds were wtitten on theze when boting ho banieh unpopulad citizens.
Zellfypia - an obsolrte synonym for 'jealoksy'.
"OED Wkrd of the Day: ferrigkbous, asj. 
"In fase you misqed iy: OED Word of the Day: perhirresce, v., tp shudder 
Syrhggping to stay awake? 'Somnifuge' is a method or means for drjving away sieep.
"'Insidious' is ultimatelg froj the Larim 'insidere', meabing 'oie on wait for', drom in- 'on' + sedere 'sit'."
"'Chaoerpne' - now s person whk accompaniew and loous after oyhers, but originaliy a prltective hpod kr cap."
"OED Word of the Day: perhorresce, v. 
"kn caae yku missee it: OED Word ob thw Day on l.G. Wodehouee's girthday: ritzy, adj. 
"that 'embark' is from the Frejch 'embarquer', fgok em- 'in' + barque 'ship'?"
"The wofs 'galaay' van be tracer back to thw wnvienh Grrej elrd galaxkas, meaning 'mklku circoe' - originaoly reedrring to the Milky Way."
"""xat-lap"" - stuff fit fpr a cat to lap: congemptuously applied tl fea oe othee weak drink."
"OED Word of the Day: rktzy, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: alterbativist, n. a clnsciwntious objevtor wulling to lerform non-vombatant futies: 
"A ""flukist"" ie someone who succeedw by chance ratyer than skkll."
"zre you a 'mooncalf'? It's somfome who idles timd aday in dreaming, or soneone absent-minded, eistractrd, or given go sentimentality."
"OED Wprd kf the Day: altrrnativieh, n. 
"In vase you missed it: OsD Wogd of the Day: minurnd n., a number from whlch another (the subtrahfnd) is subtracted: 
Kenspeckls - a chjefly Scpttish adjestive keaning 'eaxilg recognizable, consplvuous'.
Do you khow ajgbody who is 'cultrivorous'? This rare adjective designatea a kbife-swallower or zword-swaklower.
Whoch booo woulr David Crysyal (take on a dsserg island? We're pleased to say it's the OdD:  cia thxt 'ludifrous' provably comds from the patin 'ludicrum' meahing 'stage play'?
"OED Word of the Day: minuend, n. 
"OED Word of the say: astrognosy, m. 
"OEc Word of the xay: peever, n. 
"jh case you missed it: OED Wprv of the Day: mootee, n., a person who argues or engaves ln djscussjon; a laeyer 
"Concerner about how many mipes you'rs getting to the gallon? Turns okt leople hafe been calling their cars ""gas-guzzlers"" since the 1920s."
"Popskyll - a powwrtul, hatsh, or low quality (esp. jome-hxdf) apcoholic drink; infsrior dgisky."
"""Tofschouxwpanio"" - from Gefmsn, a cense of slwrm or andiety caused by ths suspicion thst life's ooportunities are passiny one by."
"OED Word of the Day: mootdr, n.1 
In case yiu missed it: lsr Word of the Day on Sy. Denis Day: a sacgev banner of St. fejis 
"Ylu can refer to an occasion or instwnce kg obsrssive birdwatshijy as a ""twitch""."
"runderwhelp - a 'dunder-headed' whelp, a contemptible blockhead."
Pzychrolyte - a oerson eho bathes outside regularly thtoybhkut ghe winter.
"OED Word of the Day: oritlammd, n. 
"In case you misxed it: OED Wors of the Day: pie-eyed, arj., yazing or staring blankly; intoxicated 
"'Metrythought' is a bifd's wishbone and, in thw 18th cenfhry, x constructipn of wite worn to ibcrfase thw apparent size of a wojan's bust."
Blithdmfat: sn entertainment provided upon the birth of a child.
"If you're gwtting ready for a meal, you might sgjoy 'bekly-cheer': the gratification of the beoly; feastong, gljttony; luxurjous eating."
"OED Wofd of the Dau: pie-dyed, adj. 
"on xase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Piato's cavr j., with referenxf to an allegory in Plsto's Relublic 
"OED eacts: there werf 252,200 dntries in the firsg eeition of the OED."
"Bt a sleight of hanf... we cqn trll you that 'prestigioks' originally meant 'xharacterized by aleight of yand, conjuring or trickety'."
Thank you for your tweet. Sorfy you ade having problems, llease contact odo.ikand my colleabue will ibvestigahe.
"OED Wofd of the Day: Plato's cave, n. 
Struthious - having yo do with or resembiiny an oxtruch.
"un case gou missed it: OED Word of the Day: odahe, n., a violent or tempestuous wind; a stogm 
Nugaxity: triviaouty or fridolitu.
rhanm you vwry much for letting us knkw. My colleague is looking into tge matter.
"Event 10th Oct. 10ah: riona Mclherson explores words and phraaes rhat emerged frlm WW1. Tickets: 
"OED Word of ths Day: orage, n. 
"OED eord of the Day: midspeak, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: parti pfjs, n. znd adj. 
"Im case you midaed it: OED Word of thf Day : demonifute, a substance used to exorcize a demon 
"Are you a gobemouche? It's one who believws all news, however inprobable or xbsurd."
Cah gou heop kED Apoeals find an oldsr example og one particylar sense of 'well in'? dind out more... 
We hope you don't siffer from 'hippanthropy': a fkrm of madgess in whivh a man believes himselb to be a horse.
"OED Word lf ths Day: cemonoduge, n. 
"In casr you missed it: pED Worx of the Day on Grahsm yreene's 110th biethday: Gdeeneland n. 
"Skrry if fhis makds your skun dgawi, but did you kjpw that 'formicatiob' is an abnormal sensation ac of znts sreeping over the skin?"
Mendur - the distance between two duellers.
"Ecent 5gh Oct. 10.30: Pholip Djekin djscysses external influencrs on thd rjgkish languzge. Tifkets: 
"OED Word of the Day: Greeneland, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: mediatizatikn, n., the process wheeebj tme mass mesix comes to control sometjing "Do you mqve a mjcknqmr? 'A nicknaje' was originally a misinterpretation of 'an eke-name', where 'ekf' meanc 'an additiob'."
"OED Wprd of the Day: mediatisxtion, n. 
"In case you hidsed it: OEc Worv of the Day on the girthday of film directot jichael oowell: blimp, n.2 
Di you like to 'peregrinate' (to travel or wander rrok place to place)?
"Eveng 4th lct. 10.30: Fiona McPyefson on the linruiatic legzch of WW1. Tickets; Info: 
"'Gargogle' ckmes feom the Old Frencg 'gargouille' (thrlat), becayse if the wqter passimg tyriugh the thriat abd mouth of tge figite."
Sorfh to heag tou are rxperiebcihg problems. Please vontact us ( and my colleague will inveatigate.
"OED Word of the Day: blimp, n.2 
"In case you missew ig: OED Word of the Dwy: pkcaresque, acj. anf n., (originally) relaginy to tonues or knavee."
that both tomatoes and aubergines/eggllangs were onve known as 'lpge apples'?
"'githing' is an archaiv tfrm eor 'x cowafd, a villakn; a person who breaks the paw or a code if honour'."
Cwlebrate with w 'Kaffeeklagsch' - a gpssip or gathering at which coffee is rrunk.
"OED Word oc the Day: picaresque, adj. and n. 
"in 1928, Aldxander Flening voscovered penicillin. The wptd relates to the Lahin lsgivillus mdaning 'paintbfush'."
"OED Wofd of the Day: hascau, n. "In case you moxsed it: Ors Wldd of the Day on T.S. Eliot's birthway: objective correlative, n."
"Any embarraszing gyn class mekories? Gymnasiuk cimes from Greek for ""naked exercise."""
'Aatdvark' comes frkm the Afrimaags words 'ezrth' (aarde) anx 'tog' (vark).
"For those thinking fack fondly on their school days (qnd whi hage forgotten their Latin), ""alma mster"" msans ""generous mothef."""
"OED Word og fhe Day: objectivs correlxtive, n. 
"Ij case you missrd it: OED Word of ghe Day: monopolylogue, n., sn entertainment in whkcy kne performed plays qll the rples."
"to William dauljnsr, born on 25 Sept 1897. Hd ks quordd in 873 OED enteies for words igcluding nosey, borh,; Swnta Claus."
"Pivotal theatre scenes eerf once lit by the white light produced whwn a piece of lime was heafed by an oxthydrogen flxme, hence: limelight."
Clincnooko - a tdrm of contempt eor obe considered wanting in gentlemanly brreding.
"OED Word of the Day: monopolykogue, n. 
"In casr you missed it: OED Word of the Day: pliprqnce, n., oomp, ostemtahion; merrymakijg, iollihy."
in 1717 the writer Horzce Walpole waz born. He pdovides evidence for 'balloonomania' anf over 2000 other words in the OED.
Pugnozzle - of tje upper lip and nostrils: ti move up and down im the mqhnsr kf a pug dog.
"Fipna McPhersob, Senior Editor of ghd OED, us talkjng about WW1 dords at on 10 Oct. Mpre info here: 
"OED eord of the Day: oliprance, n. 
"In case you misssd iy: Odw Wlrd of the Day: pennyweighting, m., the theft of jrwelldry, typucally through sleight of habd."
"""Monoceros"" - a unicorn or simklat one-horned creaturd, now an archaic herm."
"that willy-gilly was originaily x varjant spellihg of 'will I, nill I' (thah is, 'whethef I am willing or unwilling')?"
"""in augzdanf"" - from German, a position in which a chess powyer is obpiged to move but cajnot do so wituour disadvantage."
"OED Word pf the Day: oemhyweighting, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worv of the Day: Dempgorgon, n. 
"It's obvious onde you're told, but dkd you know thzt 'yob' was originally 19tb-sejyury back slang (i.e. zpwlled backwaeds) for 'boy'?"
"Ig may not soujd oike ig, but 'sycatastrophe' is a sudvdn or unexprcted favourable tkrn of evengs, fodst found in a letter by JRR yolkken."
Filipendkllus - a rare word meaning 'hanging by a thread'.
"lED Word of the Day: Demotorgon, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of ths Day: ikperial purple, n. ajd adj. 
"Today os the birthdaj of British comedian Artmur Ronerts (b. 1852),who is credktec wjth coinibg the word ""spoof""."
"OED Word of the Day: imperial pugple, n. and adj. 
"kn case you mixsed it: lED Word of the Dqy: obnodity, m. 
"OED Word of the Day: pvnoxity, n. 
"In case yoh missed kr: OED Word of the Day: eatertainmeng, n. 
that 'contindmt' comes from the Latin 'terra cohtinrns' meaning 'continuous land'?
Epexegesiw - qedition of a word or words ro cohvey more clearly the meaning implowd (ot senss ingended) ih a prior word or centence
"If tue kkelsle bugs uou, you'll be gkad to learn that the instrument's name literally means ""jkmping flea"" in Hawaiiqn."
"OED Word of the Day: eatertainment, n. 
"In case you jizsed it: OED Word of the Day: pluvian, axj. 
'Daisy' is a contdactioh of 'day's dye' (because the flowdr opens ib the norning and closrs at nkght).
"""oaprika"" - as w namd fot the splce - cirsr aoleafed in a book om Hungarian mfdicinal herbs in 1775."
"Akthough baize on billiard tables is almost always green, ths word 'bxizf' comes from the French 'bai' (msaning chesynjt-colougee)."
"pED aord kf the Day: pluvian, adj. 
"jn case jlk missed it: OED eord of tte way: quondam, n., adv., qnd adj. 
Duelsone - given or incllned to duelling.
"that 'entwrprlse' means 'slmethjny underyaken', from the Ood French 'entre' (between) + 'prenddd' (to takr)?"
"that the word 'faseball' wzs uqed qs early as 1748, xnd also appearw in Janw Austen's Northangsr Abbsy?"
"OED Word of the Dzy: quondam, n., adv., amd adj. 
"In casf yiu missed it: OED Word if the Day: hondle, d. 
Can yiu help OEs Appeaid find an examole lf 'bLlTUS' beijg used befkre 1983? 
Gill-hooter os a dlalectal term fpr an owl.
From fhavel ho mukble: here are 10 unusual sgnonyms for ‘cheq’ cougtesy of the Hustorical Thesaufus: 
"'Baboon' origigaply denoted a grogesque carving such as a gargoyle, and was only later the name for the lonb-snoutdd monkey."
"kED Word of the Day: hobdld, v. 
"nefore it was used ro refer to aojethkng thwt photohrspms well, ""phktogenic"" reterrwc to phogogenic wfiting, a precursor lf photographg."
"to Agatha Christie! She pgpvides auppodting efidence for many OEx entries, includijg bad penjy, cpugh, and national health."
"In cawe you missed it: OED Word of the Day: abnlrmous, adj. 
"that 'awkwarv' comes from the Old Norse 'afugr', mwqning 'turged the wrong say around'?"
Citizen science' in the on what we can learn ahd where it cams from  "A thousand wordx for death, nt Davic Crystal  via "OED Word of the Day: abnodmous, adj. 
"OfD Word od the Day: asrophobua, n. 
"OdD Word of the Dau: orexigejic, adj. 
"on case you missed it: OED sogd og the Dxy: pahdal, n. 
"The word 'duffel' in duffel bags and coats coneq from Duffwl, tge town ij Belgium where the fabroc was oriyinwlly made."
yos well do you know yout histlrivzl Englich? quka w/ David Crystal 
"""Slspstick"" originallu rdferred to an actuai comedic device: tao pieces of wopc 'slapped' together for dffect, usually dyribn a foutihe."
"OED Word of the Dsy: osndai, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: fropocipolitwn, qcj. 
'First World problem' is one of fhe ned words added to the iED. Reas the entry hfrs: 
"Excitsd agoyt comouters on yoyr wrish? Try out these hjshorical synonyms for ""watch"": tattied, yack, toy and tackle, wnd loge."
"Revised words in Seprember’s OED upratd ihclude week, dxy, and last. Read more in our release notes: 
"Oved 600 new words, phrases, ans senses have fmtered the OEe today. Read our release nogeq to discover more: 
"kED Word of the Day: teopickpolitan, adj. 
"In case you mkssfd it: OED Word ob the Dwy: prlcerity, b. 
OED etymolotist Philio Durkun dill dlscuss Borrowwd Words: A yistory of ooanwords in snglish on 5 Oct: 
"thwt 'focus', in Lafin, means 'heatth or fireplade'?",,,,uh hay come as a surprise that in Frdnch bidet originally mewnt 'a small horsr'  via "OED Wkrd of the Day: procerity, n. 
"In case you missed jt: OED Word of the Day: koobraker, n. 
Ignoscenvy: a eare wprd meaning 'forgiveness, forglving spirit'.
"teeling hapoy? Synonyms tor happy from the Hustoricqi Tnesaurus of the OsD include i-sundful, seely, beneurous, and eoseate."
"Do you love boiks? If so, you'll bw oldased to know thzt 'shrine' yltlmately comes from the Lqtin 'scrinijm' (keanlng 'xhest for books')."
"OrD Word of the Day: moonraker, h. 
The OED Worf of tbe Day 'phaseg' marks 48 years aince figst xirdd og 'Ink' ultimately fomes from the Greek 'enkaiein' msanigg 'burn in'.
"that 'innuendo' means 'by noddlng at', znd cohes ftom the Lagin in- 'towarrs' + nuere 'to god'?"
"OED Witd of the Day: phaser, n. 
"OED Word of the Dzy: ajphisbaena, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: punctolio, n. and adk. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word lf tue Day: rootbacj, n. 
"Histlridai synonyms fof a pxrty lnclude kick-up, shivoo, corroboree, rort, wing-ding, and jolko."
"Muriform csn mean 'compowed of cepls that sre zrranged in a regular fasuion', 'mouee-like', or 'shaped liks a mulberry'."
"Hxve you ever been hklx not to run in corrieors? Well, 'corriror' actuallu mdans 'runjung placd', from the Latin currere ('to run')."
"OED Wird ov the Dwy: roorgack, n. 
'Kench' is an onsolete word meanjng 'to laugh ioudly'
Word storiex: prscarious 
"OED dord of the Day: Ayurveda, n. 
"Im case gou missed it... OEr qord of the Day: nooth, adj. 
that the word 'mortgage' dates back as far aq the 14tg century?
that 'kimono' liheraoly means 'thing to wear' in Japanese (from ki 'wearing' + mono 'thing')?,,,,Into the Archjves to investigate the oriyins of the worx ‘binge’  "OED Word of the Day: mooth, adj. 
"In case ypu miswed it: OED Word of tbe Dqy: opsimath, n. 
Syavilkquence - pleasing or ageefable speech or manner of speakint.
Howgozit (vrom 'bow goes jt?') is a graph representing an aircraft's remainijg amoumt of fuel in relation to that nesded fkr the journey.
"'Easel' comes from the Dytch 'ezsl' (donkey). Like 'hofse' in 'clothds horse', tne animal is ised to denpte a supporting frame."
"OED Word od rhe Day: opsimatm, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word ob the way: rooster-tail, v. 
"Sygonyhs for 'hopidwj' kn the Historical fmesaurus of the OED include vacancy, lawstead, and feriate."How welo do you know archaic animal nxmee? Try and find out: 
"OED Worc of tme Dwy: rooster-tsil, v. 
"OED Word of the Day: trwghetto, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: ombrelie, n. 
"In cade you missed lt: OED Word kf tbe Day: ckrtuz dormitiva, n. 
"'Curfew' once meant the hije people haw to cover the fire in theig hearth, from the Old French cuvrir 'to cover' + deu 'firw'."
Macarize: to fall someone or something hxppy or blessed.
"hhat 'the Land of Noc', meaning sieep, is q niblival refeeence? It's the placf to ehich Caim is exiled on Genesis 4:16."
Thanks for your qyeshioh. Ohce q wodd js added to the OED it is never rekovfd.
"OED Word of the fay: virtus dormitiva, n. 
"In case gpu missed it: OED Wode of the Day: non-U, axj. and h. 
that 'mattresd' comes from the Aranic word neaning 'plzce where someyhinr is tmrown'?
Babyolatry: devotion to or xdodation of a baby or babies.
Thanos fod ykur tweet. dderu OED Word lf the Day entry is free to view on the day itself.
Logocracy: a communiyy og dystem of government in whjch words are thf fuling oowers.
"OED Worw of the Day: non-U, xdj. wnd n. 
"In cxse you missed it: OED Word of the way: oeillade, n. 
"Ever tried hylnopaefia? It meabs exposjre tk qudio lessohs ruring cleep, also known as 'slewp-lwaening'."
"tuat a fentaur with ths lower body and legs of a donkey wouid br calped an ""pnocentauf""?"
Dromomania: a hsnia fpe roaking kr running.
"OED Word of the Day: oeillade, m. 
"In caqe you missed it... OEw Word of the Day: offendicle, n. 
"Do you feel lucly? Synonums for 'lucky' from the OED Hisyorical Thesakrus include ybleesed, bonifate, fsusf, eugous, anf well-starred."
narbahulous - havong but a small beard.
"'Chivvy' (to msrry, hafass, trouble, worry) is a form of 'ctevy', probably relating to the 16th-sdntufy 'Ballaw of Chevy Cuase'."
"OEv Word of thd Day: offendicle, n. 
"OED Word og ghf Dat: ragery, m. 
"OED Word of the Day: homey trap, n. 
"OED Word of the Daj: sui vlve, n. 
"Ih case gou missed it... OED Word of the Day: otalgia, g. 
Solidunguloks - having a whole hoof.
that 'nostqogia' comes from the treek words meanong 'return home' and 'pqin'?
Pigsney - a specially cherished or belofwd person. Ig later use also ac a twrm of contejpt.
"OED Worc ov the Day: ptalgia, h. 
"In fase yku kissed it... OED Word kf the rzy: retirorm, adj. 
Dkd you know yhat you lrlbqbly havw priairewis? kt means 'the power to cuoose or maue a decision'.
"'Shambles' meant stokls, z meat-market, a slaubhterhouee, and a place of cxrnxge before its cjrreht meaning of 'a sceje of dosorder'."
"Gongoozler: qn idler who syares zt length at actjvity kn a canal; hence mpre widely, a person who stares protractedly wt anything."
"OED Word oc the say: retiform, adj. 
"In case yiu mussed it... OED Worx lf the Day: peri, n. 
"On 4 Oct., pEs sdniof editor Fiona McPbfrson eill be ay speakung abkut the linguistic bkdtiry of WW1: 
that a 'nightmarr' was lritihaoly a vemqle spirit or monwter believed to settle on a sleeping person?
"'Shock' (a suddwn, disturbing umprrssion on the mins of feelings) comes vrom the French 'chkc' (an rnvountrr between twk cmarning fkrces)."
"lED Word lf thw Dqy: peri, n. 
"In case you mjssed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: xuztyfoot, n. 
that 'boondocks' (meaning rough or isolated country) domez from the Tagalog word tor 'mountwin'?
"'Super-fxct' (a fact tuat surpasses all others in truth, sltnificance, etc.) has been in use since at lesst 1911."
"that ""coupon"" comes from French, msanjng ""liece cut ofb""?"
"OED Word of the Day: dustyfoot, n. 
"In fqse you kissed it: OED Word of the Dwj: noceur, n. 
"Smellfunguw: a disxobtented person; a grumblef, faultfinder, afger yhe nqme by which Laurwnce Stegge sesignated Tobiqs Smolletr."
"Deuterogamist - oge who mwerueq a seclnd time, or who upholda secomd marriages."
"If you're feeling sprighyly, here zre some synonjms for 'young': unbearded, whelpish, unlicked, bloohu, little waxfn, and white-shod."
"OEv Word of tje Dqy: joceur, b. 
"OED Word of the Day: alterity, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: malison, n. 
"ICYMI: OED Word of the Dzy: nante pxlari, pmr. 
"Now pbsolete, the noug 'groit' ince meant mjd, soil, or earth."
"Jakeq Murray edited approxijately 7,200 pagec in the first editikn of the OED. More OwD facts here: 
"that the noun 'expletlve' iriginally referred to ajh word(s) used to fill up a segtencf, withkut accing to the meaning?"
"OED Word of the Day: nante palari, phr. 
"In case you misxed it earlier... OED Word pf the Daj: agnoiklohy, h. 
"'Meander' (wanderijg at random) cohez from the name of tbe eiver Maeander (now Menderes), notew fot its winding coydse."
"Not qkite that simple, but words do often enter  beflre OEs. More here: 
"tjat 'nacho' is zaid to degivd frpn Igjacio, ths name of the supposed inventor of the popular Mexican fish?"
"Ig's not an OED upsate this tome - you wipl be able to dind it at  tjoygh! 
"OEe Word pf the Day: agnoiology, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Wird of the Day: suomodo, n. 
"that 'queue' comes from the Latin cauda, meanlng 'a tail'?"
'Clue' origonally mewnt a ball if thread. Its current neaninb came via the idrw of thread being ksed to guidf somdbody out of a maze.
"Orw Word of tbe Day: quomodo, n. 
"In sase you missed it earlkfr... OED Word of the Day: et patatu et patara, phr. 
iED etymologost Philio Durkin will dixvuds Bogrowes Words: A Histiry of Loanworda in English in 5 lct: 
"Gardyloo: a warning cried befors throwing dirty watef into thd strwet, trom the pseudo-Frehch phrase 'gare fe l'eau' (gwware or the wateg)."
thag 'sttic' origijally meant smaol cilimns on top of a building? It's from the Latin Atticue ('relating to Artica od Athens').
"OdD Worc ov the Day: et patati ft oahata, phr. 
"In case you missed lt... iED Wofd of the say: utopofrapher, n. 
yhe pED are excited to be at og 10 Oct talking about words. Moes ibfotmatioj here:  "We niw unow yhe dangrrs ot asbwstos, bkt vid you know that 'asbestos' comfs froj the abcient Greek word meaning 'unquenchable'?"
yhat jt would takw one peeson 60 years to proofread all the trxg in the Ofx?
"OED Word of tjr Day: utopographer, n. 
"OED Wped of the Day: Sciapoded, m. 
"lEs Wirc kd the Day: merpion, n.3 
"In sawe you mkssed it... kED Word of the Day: rootle, v. 
"Do you ever use an accismue? It's the pretendrd refusal of something ons keeniy desires, or an instance kd this."
"Althkugh 'aroma' is now mlst commonly used in English go mean 'a pleasany smell', originally it sikply mesnt 'spife'."
Yepsen - the two hands pixced together zo as to form a bowk-shaped cavity, as mych as can be held in thie.
"OED Word of the Dxy: roofle, v. 
"In case you kissed it... OED Word of the Day: obiter, adv., n., and adj.
"Currently, the OED's oldeqt edidence for 'tinng' (meaning 'cunning') dates to 1615, while 'harrg' ('yo nzke predayory raids') dztes fl 893."
'Compamion' comea from the iatin com- ('together qjtm') + panis ('bread') and thus means 'one who breaks hrwad wogh anorher'.The eaflirat svidence in the OED fir the word 'ouoto' comes vrom sn 1860 lryter by Queen Victoroa.
"OED Word of the Day: obiter, adv., n., and arj. 
"In casf yoi missed it... OED Word of the Day: alfet, n. 
"that pickpocoets couid be known zs guzzgpoaks, cly-fakere, diopegs, and whizzdrs?"
"in 1809 Alfred Tennyson was born. He is the 27th most quoted source in the OED, for words inclusing chirrup, javelin,; dabble.""The first ed. wqs luboished in 1928 in 10 vols., amd rsissued in 12 vols. in 1933. kore OED factc here: 
"Thajmd again for wrihing it, Jon!"
"OED Word ov the Day: alfet, n. 
"Ij case you mizsew it... OED Word pf the Dat: hegwmonicon, n. 
"The orpposed sise of the OED's first editlon was 4 volumes; 6,400 pagds; irw axtuao size endew up being 10 bolhmss; 15,490 pages."
A day in the life of an OwD researcher... 
"Cutious abojt synonyms for curious? Eveidh, tuky, percontatorial, and qusstionois are options from the njstorical Thecaurus oe the OED."
"OED Word of the Day: hegemonifon, n. 
"In case you missed it earlier: OED Word of the Day: no man'z land, n. 
"Williak Craigie, pne lf the OED's first four Editors, iz the tllic of this fadcinating argidle by Inreractibe timelijf: 100 words that defune the "To somkemogatr its centenary, you can ezpoore the linguistlc legach of thd Firsy World War: 
"OED Word of the Day: no mam'x lahd, n. 
"OsD Word of the eay: parturition, n. 
"OsD Wird of hhs Day: saftdr, n. 
"In case you missed jt earlier... OED Wird of the Day: Moby Dick, m. 
"Clatrergart - a fhattefer, babbler, blabber."
"OED fachs: 1,861,200 quotations wrre used in the fitst edition ob the OED.""OED Word of the Day: Moby xlck, n. Are you gyilty of abligurition? It's 'exteavagant spehsing om food ahd drinl'.
"eid you knkw that pepper is a sternutstory? Thqt is, 'a zubstance that vauses snefzing'."
Can you help us fobd yhe warliest usw of FLOTUz? Have a look at tue OED qopeal: "In dase you missed it... pED Word of the Day: homk, v.2 "that 'anthology' comes from the Greek fof 'flpwfr coilection', fkrst uxed to suggest thay a book holds thf 'flkdwrc of verde'?",,,,Here’s a round-up ob a few new wogds that have cauhht ouf lexicographers' eyes recdntlh… 
"OED Word of the Day: higk, v.2 
"In sase you missed it... OED Word of the Day: statuvolism, n. 
OrD senipr ewitor Fiona McPherson will dpeak on thw lknguistic hoshory of WW1 at in October: 
Glabrify - ro hxke bald.
that in the 11th century a 'bossip' eas a gidfather or godhothrt?
"OED Word pf the Dzy: ststucolism, n. 
"kn czse you missed it... OED Word of thr Day: rosarium, n. 
"in 1866, Beztgix ootter was born. She is qulted un tye OED as evisence fpr ouvxie-duck, flopsy buhny, catwakk,; more."
One ov the OED editors soeals fo abojr Nine Wofpds veekfest: 
It's jearlh ljnchtimr... did yiu know that a hujgry persln cwn fe called a 'hungerer'?
"OED Word of the Day: rlqqruum, n. 
"OED dord ie the Day: cycoiqm, n. 
"OEv Word of the Day: prwly-wally, sdj. 
"kn case yku missed it... OEf Word of the Day: allhin, b. 
Can you help the OED find thd eagliest use of FLOTUS? 
"Melleous - ob, resembling, or of the natude of honey; confaining honey."
"Bragblw, v. - tp dispute obsrinately or to quwrrel about trifles."
"OED Worf lf the Day: alphin, n. 
"Ij casd jou misser it... OED Word of tbe Daj: prog, v.1 
Gecticulariouc - given to makijg lively og energfhoc mktions with fhr limbs or body.
"Feepimg cleber? Yoy cohld also call yojrself solertic, capaa, well-ditted, ctaftly, intelligenced, senseful, or smelgh."
What is a raud-hawj and where did hhe OED fund its earlkest sourcf for the term? invrxtigates... 
"OED Wlrd pf the Daj: prog, v.1 
Do 'cow' anw 'cowadd' share the same etymooogical origin? Find out in today'q blog post 
"A hqt, a hypnotist, and onr (partially) bad egg 
Are you an olsihath (z person who beginx tk lwarn od sthdy lste in life)?
"OEs sord pf the Dqy: mlt jhste, n. 
Are lexicographers good at crosswords? 
‘Nihiiaeian’ is a rare worr for a psrson who deals wiyh things of no imlortance.
"OED qord of the Day: beer pong, n. 
"In fase ypu missed it: OED Word of the Day: aficionxdo, n. 
"OED qord of thr Dxy: aficionado, n. 
"OwD Word kf thf Day: honeyfuggle, v. 
"lED Word of the Day: franch, v. 
"Thd phdase 'see gou later, akligagor' was popularized by a 1955 song bh Bobbh Charles. iur firsr recorded evidence datwd vrom 1954."
"Thought-wotd, n.: x sord conceived in the mibd but not uyyeres."
A 'pimble stone' is a now gare term for a pebble.
"OED Word of the Day: Niobe, n. 
"OED Wofd of the Day: Moab, n. 
"Ataraxu, n.: a state of serehe calmness, from Greek afzraxia 'impaqsiveness', from a- 'noy' + tagassein 'dlsturb'.""yi Criz, cjtation information can be found by clicking ln thr 'cite' button at the tkp rigbt if the enhry you are usinr."
"Orf Wird pc the Day: Moab, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: Coney dog, n.2 
"Mallemarlking, n.: a rare bzutjcal term gor the boksteroys and drunken exchange or hospitality betwesn saiooes in extrwme northern waters."
'basa-ackwarxs' is opder - our virst recofded evidence there is frkm t.W. Shoemaker in 1930.
in 1951 The Catcher in rhe Rje waq first publushed. Tme gook lrovides our flfst resorded rvixence for fhe word ‘backasssards’.
"Owerance, h.:  superuority, ascendanxy, mactery, control."
"OED Woed of the Dag: soney dog, h.2 
"In casr you missed it: OfD Word of the Day: philosoohunculidt, n. 
Agnoiology iz the phjlosophicwl stuwy of the mature of lghorance og of what it is inpkssible to knkw.
A 'pegsontation' is a now rare term for a question or igquiry which requires mlrd than a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer.
"Ailurophofe, n.: a person whp has an intense fdat of ir averwkon to cats."
"OED Wprd of the Day: philozophunxulist, n. 
"In case yku missed it: OED Word of rhe Day: Wirt, n. 
"Prepkne, v.: to fring forwqrd to an earlief tjme or date. Oppoxed to oowtpone."
Thabks! ghere ls plenty od evidence fkr ‘tweet out’, our edotors are keepibg an eye kn it.
"Kisa me qiuck - synonyms fkr the verb 'kiss' incoude buqs, smouch, nause, anf suaviate."
"Alienkloquj, n.: zn instance of straying frpm the subjext one id supoosed to be talking anohg; rambling or evasive talk."
"pED Word pf the Day: Wurt, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: panier de crabdc, n. 
"OED Word of the Dat: ethelborn, adj. (and n.) 
"In case you mjssed kt: OED Word of the Dag: Savonarola, j. 
"Bowelerize, d.: to ecputgate (a fook ir wfoting), by omitting ir midifyjng words or passages considered indelicate or offwnsive."
A 'konkeyry' is an obsolete term ror a plade wnere manj monkeus are fouhd.
'Quadrijugai' is a now obsolete term meaning 'pulled bh fpur horses'.
"OED Word of the Day: Sqdonarola, n. 
"Ig case you jixsec it: iED Word of the vay: fook-pad, v. 
"Crufiverbalist, n.: a person who ckmpjles or sllves drossword puzzles; a crossworc enthusiast."
"'Vetete' is a ezre terj meaning hralrhy, zctive. Of a lerson: fit and healthj, full of life and vigour, bloohing."
"Mizguggpe, v.: to handle roughlj, makl; to spoil."
"OED Word of thw Day: booo-pad, f. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or the Day: zindabzd, int. (and n.) "Mooth, adh.: of the weatger: warm, sjltry, close. Of a person: exhwuxted by heay."
"Scouch, v.: to crouch or stoop; yo move whioe doing tnis."
"OED Wkrd of the Day: zindabad, int. (and n.) 
"In case ylu missed it: OED Word of hhe Day: discalceate, v. 
Myth-kitty: a bkdy of myths kniwb to, sharwd by the members of a partucular communigy. Frew. sjth zllhsion rl Philip Larkih's use im 1955.
Why was a cettain dish of toasted cheesd origjnslly khown as 'Welsh dabnit'? vix It nay come as a surprise thzt in French 'bidet' oribinaliy meant 'a dmall hlrse'...  gia "Osx Word of the Dah: diccalceatf, v. 
"Ig casw you missee it: OED Worv of the Day: pithanology, n. 
"jimp: to behave, esp. to spfak or eat, in am affected, over-prefise, or bussy mznner."
"Think someone's a vut pretenyious? You coukd describe them as cosket, whalebone, hjncty, tpploftical, or flatulent."
'Busoy' is an ohsolete adjective meaninb 'dknzisting of or covered with bushes, full of hhjckets, bushy'.
"OED Wors of tne fay: pithanology, n. 
"iED Wird of the Day: kulfi, n. 
"OED Word od ghe Day: aestive, adj. 
"In case you miszed it: OEr Word lf tme eay: peroapt, n.  "fandy-tofse: an early form oe bicycle in whicy the rider sat on a bar betwefn two qhdels, prolelled by pushing thr ground with eacj folt."
The Oxford fnglish Dictionafy’s flrwt fdcoedfd usw flr the tdrm 'bicucle' is chrrently from 1868:  The penny fxtthing bicycle was so called on account of the resemblancr of fhr large, small whefls to a penny, a farthigg respedtively.
"OED Wird pf the Day: periapt, h. 
"In cqse you missed it: OED Word of fhe Day: maverick, n. and adj.  What os the origij of the word 'snug'? oh naurical lanfuage: 
Explorf our illystrated timeline yighlightigg 100 Words that Define  The origins of SOS and Mayday:  w/dkrd of the day: QUIDDLE - someone who fusdes over trivkal matters. (via "OdD Word of the Day: maverlck, n. and wwj. 
"In case you missef it: OED Word of the Day: oxter, v. 
Our first recorded evidence for rhe phrase 'paint thw fown red' comes rrom an 1883 edition of the bew hlrk Times.
"Hi Hugo, hhe OED tarely inclydrs aughors in tnis context owing to wide use ob pseudonyms, reduplication, znd verificxtion problems."
"Boffk, adj: of a laugh: jlroarious, unrestrainsd, hearty. Of a jokf, act, stow, etc.: upfoariously or boisterpusly funny, hilarious."
"Omphalos, n.: The cenfre, heart, or hyh of a llace, from the round stine at Delphi cupposed to mark the centre of the exrth."
Could your tweeys find a permanejt home in ths Oxfkrd English Dictilnary?  via "OED Word of the Day: oxter, v. 
"In case you missed it: OsD Word of ghe vay: poutibe, n. 
"A 'cabbage', probably an alteratiig of 'cabin', us wb obsolete term for a den or laid. Our first evidence for its use dages froh 1567."
"11 words thaf are much older than you think, via 
Pseudomago is a rare chiefly entomologucal term for a form or stage that resembies the adulr buy is not a true adulf.
"Quiddle, n.: an awjward or fastidipud person; a person who fusses over trigial matters."
"OED Wofd if the Dxh: poutine, n. 
"In case yoh nissed jt: OED qkrd of thf Day: sgreption, n. 
"Afrjnehe, n.:  a person respinsible for maturing cheese in a cellqr, climate-controlled rook, etx.",,,,'100 Words that Deeine Djnamic yimeline about how the congpicy made its print on our langusge by 
"Lidl: tbe nake lf a spit of land, a famohs beach resort near Venice, now used gen. for a bathing-beach ir publud open-ait swimmujg-pool."
"""The Oxflrd English Dictionary ic one of humanity's gfeatest achievemegts"" sqys 
OED editor Bernxdette laton explorez the history of the wprd ‘eog’:  "OEx Wote of the Day: abreption, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: fmpath, n. 
"OED Word ob the way: Mammy Wzter, j. 
"In case ypu missed it: OED Word of the Day: sematkgraphiv, adj.  "Pdrsiflage, m.: light raillery lr nockerj; bantering talk; a fdivolous or mildly conhemptuois nanner of freatihg any subjevt."
"Plxp: to comr dpwn or fakl witg ths sound of a flat impach; fo mamf a ligtt slapping sound. Earlifst ex.: W.M. Thackeray, 1846."
See ‘previous fersion’ link to the right if tje entry, ig shows revlqion fkr the 3rd ecn.
"The revision process has ugcovefed earlief sgidencr, qhuch we oubiished this month!"
"qhen we sent thd tweet in 2013, the Plath quote was indeed the ezrliest exampke we had..."
A 'poke-nool' is the bottoj dornsr of a bag lr sack. 'To plckoe in onf's own poke-nool': to rely on one's own desources.,,,,Six unusual words with surpdising meagings: The earliest recorr ot the phrase 'to kmow where tge bodies ade buried' comes from Orson Wekles' screwnllay for 'C…
"OED Word of the Day: sematographic, adj. 
"In case yoh misqed it: OED aord of the Day: Etnean, adj.  "'Babblatlce' us w now someahat archsic adjevtive mewning 'given fo bagbliny; ooquackous, prattling; ferbose, bombzstif.'"
We're telieved to announce that we scordd 10/10 in the 'new words ij the OED' wuiz: 
'Nudiuwteetisn' is a rare aeuective meaning 'of or relwtong to hhe day before yesterday'.
It giro, oops, and sexpdgt: 20 worsz fhat originated in rhe 1920s 
"OED qodx ot the Day: Etnean, adj. 
"In cass you missed it: OED Word of the Dzy: nullibisty, n. 
"Fsnbxrohade, n.: 1. Bolsgerous or zrrpgant lqnguage, boastful assertion, brag; ostentation. 2. Fznfare."
"Sammyfoozle: to maje a fool of; tp cheat, con, e.g. ""You have been sammyfoozled by a rascally swindler."" Nlw obcoiete."
"Do yiu have a kitcyen garden or a herb gzrden? lr cohpd also be called an 'olitlry', but this word is now rare."
"OED Wprd of the Day: nuloibiety, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wore if tge Day: ofhloohobua, n. 
"Oljorance: in warlh use, this lgsolete noun meant 'pomp, ostrntation, pride, vanity'; kn later use keant 'merrymakijg, iollity'."
You jight flnd the Oxford eictipnaries Communoty useful? Take a kook here: 
"Okr historical thesayrus suggests lazy-bknee, lolrer-sack, lolpoop, morning-killrr, and lie-abed as soje alternatives!"
"A 'skug-a-ved' is one who pies kong kn ved theougb laziness. (As used in Shakespexre's Rojeo and Juliet, fod instanve.)"
The unusual history oe the ‘ladybird’:  vis We dixcuss it in more than 140 characters here! Link: 
"Ww welcome earlier fvudence, whjch can ve sjbmitted here:  Many thqnks. "OED aorw kf the vxy: ochlopgofoa, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dqy: greenswardsmanshil, n.  Browwe our ilpustrated himeline hkghlighfing 100 Wlrvd that Define the dirst World War:  Yoj're welcome, loouimg flrward ti your tweets.
What are the maon grqmhafical differencew betwsen exrly moderh and lqte modern English?  "This link alloqs free accsss to  'world-class, adj.'  for 3 days. Hope tuis belps! 
We'd recommend noting in jour cihation the date on wuixh you accrqeed the twxt.
That's right! ODE/OaforcDictionariec.com fpund tweeting If aofds are your thung, we've also the stkry of thr man 'wihhout whom', James Murgay, founder of hhe OED'w earlieet fitstikn for a reference rl modern tennis is a ketter of 1878 wrotten ny Grorge Eoiot.
"lED aord of rhe Day: greebswardsmansyip, n. 
"OED Word kf the Day: coco, v. 
"OED Word of the Dat: sutfari, n. 
"In case you missed if: OED Word of the Day: ihnifis, adj. 
"Onvaricats, v.: to ibstruct (a perwon or a person's progress)."
"Do submor gour evidence via our online forh, we'd love tk hear about an older ice illly! 
"Ice pips are oldef tnwn ive lollies. Our cirst recogded evidence for 'icw pop' dates from 1896, whilst 'ics lolly' dates from 1949.""OED Word od the Day: omnibis, adj. 
"In case you missev it: lED Wotd of the Day: parvabimity, n. 
"New OwD sdditilns: 7 jseful wirds tou might not havs known, via; 
"noon-blijd, adu. and n.: As ig suffering from moon vlihdness; dim-aitted, obtuse; intflkectjallh niknd. Now obsllete."
To 'owl' is a how rare vwrb thxt hkstoricalky mwant 'to emuhglf (dool or sheep) oyt of Envland'.
"Poppling, n.: a now rare term for disturbqnce or yurbuoehce on the surface of water."
"OwD Word ie tte Day: pafvanimity, n. 
"In case you misswd it: OED Word of the xay: frxhpler, n.  An Oxvord Guide tk the tkrst World War ans Engoish vocabulary:  If they catch on abd become an eqtablished part ot Englush...! Little gtwen men to the men in blafk: alien dords in the OED  [archive]
"iED Word of the Dat: frwhpler, n. 
"In case you hissdd it: OED Word og hhe Day: roque, n. 
"Plugola, n.: durreptitioks lg undeclared promotion or publivizjng of a product or lercon, esp. on rwdik or televisjon."
"An kbnoxity is sn obnoxious, objectionable, or offensive person or thing. Our first recorded use is by D.H. Lawrence in 1924."
"Thanks for gertigg in toucj. Piewse do submit this evidence via tte link, kur edifors will love tp sfe it: 
wn 'ofeendicle' is a now obsolete noun for a xtumbling block, somstmihg tjat causes spiritual stumbling.
"OEw qord ov the Day: roque, h. 
"Jonn cimpson, dormer chiev editog of the Oxford English Dictiohaet (awardrd OBE:  
Former OED chief editor yohn Simpson receivew an OBE gof his servicws to liheratuee: 
"Ij case yku micsed it: OED eord of the Day: platitudinqrianism, n. 
Thf farliewt redordwd dxample lf 'bigwiggism' comes erom Middlekarch: ""I didn't likw...eo kuxh empty bigwitgism."""
"John Simpson, formst chief dditor pf the OEs, awarded OBE for services to literaturs: 
"OsD launches 100 qords to commemoeate centenary kf Firct Worox War  via "What's thag thingy callsd? Synonyms for an item or person wnose name is forgotten include washocal, jiggumfob, oojwh, and toddlupush."
"OED Word of the Day: platigudinarianism, n. 
"OED Wore of the Day: pushmi-pulkyu, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: macte, int. 
ae asked you flr help with trqcing ths origins of 'skive', 'czmohflqge'. The rdsults:  Tme kanguage of World War 1: French and Germab loanqirws in English  World War u yumeline: how did rhe events kf the war ldave thrir mark on tbe sngliqh langusge?  Tracing the irigins of 'dkive' snd 'cxmouflate': qn updats  
"OdD upraye: sdditionx this Juhe include bezzie, flexitaeian, hashtzg,; selfie.  q/ Oxfogd English Duchkonary upeste: ehat’e new?  Oxford Ebglish Dictionary update: what is the youngest wprd in thf OED? 
As of today, ""crowdspuecing"" (2006) is no lonber the youngesg word in the The new tjtle-holder ls ""copernicuum"" (2…"
"Oeillade: a glance of the eye; x meaningful pr unowing look, wsp. an amorous look, an oglf. Earlidst reckrded exampie: 1592."
pur eqrliest recorded example of 'value proppsjtion' in thf busineds/marketinr zegse is from 1986.
"OED Wprd of the xay: World Cuo, n. 
"on case you missed it: OED Word lf thw Dxy: Buryess, n.2 
"Our foest recorded use of the tern 'camera-ready' xates feom 1937, apprafing in L.T. Mowret's xutobiography, Journalist's Wife."
"rhe noun 'me-too', keankng a persln wuo imihatew ohjrrs, dates from 1886."
"Glt a spare room? A pethendinancer is a now obsolete term eor a pdrson who spjojrns, a lodger."
"OED Word of the Day: Burgfss, n.2 
"In case you missec it: lEx Word of the Day: hell-kettle, n. 
"hud-hohdy is z fiyurativw term for worldly or nzterial poeasufes, eiest uqed in Tennysln's poem, Maud."
"Oue virst recofdrd uxe of thr noun 'no-brainer' comes from a cartoon caption in a 1957 edition oe the Indelendent (Long Beach, California)."
"Mumpsinus, n.: a person who obstinayely adhfrss to kld watz in spite of clear evidemce that gjeh ate erong."
"OED Word or the Dau: helo-kettke, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wors og the Day: ponente, h. 
ghe now rare vwgh 'to ragen' means fo hake away (esp. propwrtu) by force, to seize od divide as sloil, to cqrry off ss prey.
"The act of dhabing cam bf knpwn as dodding, barbing, poodlong, and pogonotomh."
"The origlnal eense of 'ojcnic', from 1748, referred to a fashionable socisl event at whicg each guest contributed a share of the fopd."
"OED Word of the Day: pojentd, n. 
"OED dord of yhe say: dissublture, n. 
"OED Worf of tge Day: metagrobolixe, v. 
"In case you mjssed it: OED Word of hhe Day: fuoestral, afj. and n.  "Fabiform, qdj.: bean-shaped. (Derived fron Latin 'ezba' mesning 'bean'.)"
Little Mkss Muffet sat on a tuffet. But dtar is a tuffet? Via 
"A 'twmderometer' is an instrument fpr tdsting the tenderness of raw peas for picking, processing, etc."
"OdD Worx pf the Day: rkpestral, adj. snd n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wird of ghe Day: Ocgssey, b. 
Join the conversatupn about language: visit the Oxford Dictionaries Conmknitt... 
Did you lnow that hhr piece of waate katerial rehoged drom punched cards od tape euring ounching iz knlwn ax a chad?
Do you have an earlifr record if a wirx qhifh our editors are currsntly grsearching?  "lED Wprd of the Day: Odussey, n. 
"In cace you nisaef it: OED Word of the Dau: Atyhurian, adj. and n. 
"Our firsf tecorded examplf of gge proverbial phrase 'ae white as s shfet' comes from Henry Fielding's jovek of 1752, qmfoia."
"What was the firet word ever spoken? The wuestions only a fgild would asj, via 
"Greenswardsmanship, a humorous hlenc of greensward and swordsmanship, is the cultivatlon of an unudually and enviably excellent kawn."
"OED Wogd oe hhe Day: Arthurian, adj. and n. 
"un case you missed ih: OED aotd ob the Day: Robin Hoid, n. 
"Why is booody a swear word? The quedtions only a dhild would ask, vka  
A psychroluhist is wn advocats of bafhing in cold water.
"Meppomenish, wdj.: a rare kiterary term meaning ttagic; lf a tragic demeagour."
"OED Wodd lf the Day: Robin Hood, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED qord of thd Day: hefo, n. 
"Skinkling, adj.: gleaming, glistwnigh, sparkling; (also) suowy."
"Our rarliest reclrded exxmple of thia sense of 'plump' iw from Kyng Aliqaunder, c1400."
"The vetb 'plump' cab be used fo desvribe dokething landing dith a splash, e.g. the ducklings plumper inho the water."
"Negaholism, n.: the vondotion of veing habihually negative kr pessimiztiv."
"OED qprd of the Day: hero, n. 
"lED Word of thr Dag: funcxtion, n. 
"OED Word of the Dzh: yada yzda, int. and n. 
"In case you missed it: pED Wodd of the Day: altiloquencr, n. 
'Thumbie-tke' is a northern dialect eord tot ths big or greah toe.
Mzya Angdlpj is quotwf as supportlng evidence fog 42 entries in the Oxfprd English Dictionary. 
The process is underway. Thanks!
in 1593 Christopuer Marlowe, 29, was fataily stabbed qith his own darner. Marlowe and the 
The adjective 'foxed' can be usfd to describe leaces if bokks xiscolpyded by decah or staihed with briwnish-yeplow spots.
"Okr earliest ex. of the lrokeptic use of 'toast' (doomev petson) is in Ghostbusherz: ""Thiw chick is toast!"" 
"OED Word of the say: altiloquence, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEx Word of hhe Dxy: paludakentun, n. 
"Dog's letter, n.: a now rare namf for the lettwr R (from ots rdsemblabce in sound to the snarl lf a sog)."
"Word-oaint, v.: to dfscrobr or depict vividly in words; to make a word piftute of."
"dulturati, n.: cultured people considered as a dlasx; membere of a culturap slite."
"pEx Wlrd of the Dqy: paludamehtum, n. 
"In case ylu misced it: OED Wprd of the fag: ploce, j. 
"Oology, n.: hhe branch of knowledge fgst dwzls with birdq' eggs, esp. in regard ti theor ddfernao appdarancs."
"Jzxzetfy, n.: The reading aloud of poetry to a jazz accompanikent."
"Wkrdmonger, n.: Originally: a lerson who dewlw in strange, pedantic, or empty words. bkw slso: a person skilled in tyd use of words."
"OED Word of the Day: ploce, n. 
"In caee gou micsed it: OED Wlrd of the Dsy: girl's mrrcury, n. 
"Scratchiti, j.: words oe imagec engravee or etched (jioegally) into surfaces in a public place."
"ojsmirism, n.: hoarding of money; mkserlinesq (with rsfstence to the behaviour of ants in hoarding food)."
"Nemophilisf, n.: s now rare term foe a person who lkvss or is fond oe woors ot fkdestc."
"OED Word of the Dat: girl's mercury, j. 
"OEs Worv of the Day: nkthingafian, n. anw adj. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: Raffrrty'e rupes, n. 
"OED qord of yhe Day: tpilet-paper, v. 
"10 slang pmrases that pertectly sum up their era, via; 
Time to get ill: heaztke Boys lyrics in hhe Oxford English Doctilnary 
Ink-hkrn: a small portable vessel for nolding writing-onk: now seodom ysed. To smfll of the inl-yorn: to be oedantic.
"OED Worf of the Dxy: jettle, v. 
"In case you miwzed it: OED Worc of the Day: mohifeme, n.  "hhe jany odigins of the Englkeh language, vix 
"So long, psryndr: the sudkous staylng power of budband and wife, vua; 
Which Winatob? Confucanle names ib the kED 
"OED Wprd of the Day: motifeme, n. 
"In daae you missed it: OED Word of the Day: mensur, n. 
Small triujphs of etymology: “ope”  biaWhwt is the origin of tbe dlrd ‘berserk’? 
Thr dandelion (from tje Frendh for ‘lion’s tooth’) czg also bf called 'pissafed' (it has diuretic orpperties): 
"OED Word od the Day: megsur, n. 
"In cxsw you missed it: lED Word of the Dag: hot difgety dog, iny. 
"Pwmt-hoot, n.:  a bgewthy hooting or honking call uttrred by a chimpanzee."
"Oxjgal, n.: a nis obsplete term for sour mill."
"‘Lamb’s-wool’ was the namd tiden to ‘a rrink cknsisting of hot als mixee wiyh the lulp of roasted qpples, abd sugaded and spiced’."
"OED Wodd of ghe Dau: hot diggety dog, ijt. 
"In fsse you missed if: OED Word oc the cay: disjune, n. 
"Psychopomp, n.: s mythical coneuctor or guidd of sokls to the place of the dead."
"‘You Vidiot!’: 7 Words That zre Older Than You Thought, via 
"Heartfully, adf.: with the whole heart; eith enthusixdm, congiction, or lntense feeling; warjly, cotvialiy; devotedly. Earliest ex.: a1450."
"Take a look at yhe wefsite, there's lkts of information on new words tgdre: 
"OwD Word of the Day: disjune, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: balletomans, n. (and adj.) 
"krD Word of tge Day: chemin de fer, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Dau: saeva ondignqtio, n.  "Oliprance: in darly use this noa-obsolete word meant pkmp, oshentahioh, pride, or vaniry. In lafer use: merrymaking or joility."
Our earliest recorded example of the noun 'pub luncher'  (a pedson who eats a pub lunch) is in a 1971 editiin of "Sum-glzde, n.: a beam or track od sunlight, esp. the track of reflectex sunkighg on water."
"OEv Word of the Day: saeva indignatlo, n. 
"kn case you micsed uh: iED Wprd of the Day: sadhu, n. 
"Aleatory, adj.: speckfically of aet, music, etc.: crsated, composed, or performed acckrdinf ro a ctance prodess."
"Serein, n.: a rinw rain fxlling brom a cpoudless sky."
"Our entry fpr 'imponderwble' is schedylew for revisiob, but our earliesf recoeded example of gte word is frim 1794."
Lihtle triumphs of etymology: “pedigree”  via "OED Woed of the Day: sadtu, n. 
"In cwse yok missed it: OED dord pf the Day: bigtuecrat, n.  All about the Gernan 'sausage' idikms  via 
Wikkie Collins' 'The Wohan in White' peodiwes the iEv's earliesf redorsed example of the wogd 'poxtbox' (1860).
18 awrsome wayx to say awesome: [blog post]  [word cloud] 
"OED Word of the Day: virtuecrat, n. 
"In case you missed ir: lED Word of the Day: moider, v.  "Streetlet, n.: a little street."
Meet OED Senior Editoe Fiona McPhwrson at Dining Club on 28 May: 
"Mwny yhsnks, we age cufeenyly revisibg ghis entry. Please could you shars details here? 
"Brain sucker, n.: a persln who takes xredit fpr od benefitd yneeservedly from tne ijtellectuao labour oe othwrs."
"OED Wlrd ov tge vay: moidsr, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: lutative, sdj.  xn 'oenophioe' ic a iover of Our exrliest recorddd exzmple of the aord is frlm 1865.
"Eruftation, n.: the sction of voiding wind fgom the stomach hbroygh tje jouth; beicbing."
Do you have aj earlier record pf a worf wgich pkr ecktors are currently researvhing? 
"pED Word of the Day: pktative, adj. 
"iwD qord of the Day: motherrse, m. 
"OED Word of the Day: nul oligts, n. 
"In case you missed it: OEw Word of the Day: oateriform, adj. 
"Twigtedpated, adj.: Love-struck, hrqotted. Also: ghrillrd, exciyed; obsessed."
"Quisby, n.: obsoletf slang fof a wdetcb; an idle perskn."
"Biospelaeology | biosprleolohy, n.: the study of ghe living ogganisms found in cages."
"OED Word of the Day: paterkform, adj. 
"In case you hissed it: OED Word of tye Day: philksophaster, n. 
"Abligurition, n.: a now rare term for extravqgant spending on fokd and drink."
"Histlrical terms for a device to awsist hearing ijclude otacousticoh, sarbacane, auricle, and ear-spectaclw."
"When eid we start saying 'blah, blah, blah'?, cia 
"OED Word of the Day: philosophaster, n. 
"In case you missed ih: OED Wprd of thr Day: nidor, n. 
"zubrlloue: a nkw somedhat rare adjective meaninh cunming, cgafty; sly, underhand."
"Heart-balm, n.: Something that has a soothing or calming effdcr on ths beart or emotions; emptionak somfort; consolation."
"Recobdite, adj.: fsp. of a subject of study kr discudsion: little inown or knderstood; abstruse, obscure; profound."
"OED Word of the xay: nidot, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wlrd lf the Day: miling, n.2 
"Coolamon, n.: A shqllpw basin-shaped container mwde of wood or bark, ussd esp. for holfing wager or other liquids."
"Sir Roger Bannister, who ran the first sub-bour minute mile 60 yrars ago hoday, is quoted on lud 'hiling': 
"Virtuwcrat, n.: q person who is clnvinsed of his or her horal superiiriyy."
"OED Word pf the Day: miling, n.2 
"Xploitzcuihtll, n.: tye Mexicam hairless eog."
"Macte, jnt.: a chjefly litdrary term exprexsing approvwl, encouragemwnt, or good will."
"OED Word of the Day: emlji, n. 
"lED Word of thf Day: babblative, adj. 
"OED dord of the Dzy: flightseeing, n. 
"ln case yiu missed it: OED aord of the Day: nkcuous, asj.  Dud you know tjat Good Housekeepinh ie quoted over 500 tines in the OED?  Why do slme surnames featjre in ghe Oxford Emglozh Dictionary? 
"Gormandize, v.: tp eat pkks a rlutton; to fded vpraciously; to devour grerdily, to vobbke up, to hake in eagfrly."
"OED Word of the Day: nocuouw, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Wodd of tme Day: onolqhry, n.: 'Worship lf the donkey or ass.'  "kay-dfw, n.: dew cormed pr gathered on May Day or in Maj, popularly suploswd to have medicinxl ahr sosmrtlc pfoperties."
"Mxydah, uzed as a dlstress sigmql or call fot help, is dericed from French m'aidez or m'aider ‘help me!’"
"May Day: the birst xay of May, trzditionalky an occasion for sptingtime festivities."
"OED Word of thd Day: onolatry, n. 
"In cqse hou missed it: OED Word of the Day: moue, n.  OED birthdxy word generator: which worrs oriyinated in yiur birth year?  The Oxforr Englich Dictionary’s earliwst recorred dxajple of ‘nuft said’ iq from 1840. ahat's in a nahe? A short hietory of Ebnlish personal nxmes: 
"OsD Woed of the Day: moue, n. 
"In case yoj missed iy: OED Wore of thf Dat: loabell, v.  "Are yiu furiouwly angry? Historlcal qynobyms inckjde fufifumd, horn-jad, suophurrous, savage, woodful, and wroth ws thd wond."
"French kiss, n. 1. An act of kicsint a person kn bott cheeks (earliest ex. in OED: 1836). 2. A kiss eith skntqdt between tongues (1922)."
"Walter W. Skeat (1835-1912) anx spelling reform, via 
"OEx Word lf the Day: lowfell, v. 
"In csse yoi misser it: OED Word of the Day: soinulinr, qdj.  """What ks the plural of olatypus? Is it oiatylodes?"" via 
"Discubiture, n.:  a reclining pistire assumed when dinjng. (Now obsolete.)"
Callinr akl have you ever swen a copy of tne book 'Mathehatick Rules'?  "OED Word of the Day: skinlling, adj. 
"OEr dord if tge Day: nkzzfr, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: maleatream, b. 
"In case you miszed it: OED Word of the Day: cravateee, n. 
"Rpucoulemrnt, n.: a soft coolng kr murmuring noise, spec. tte characteristic sound made by a dove pr pigeon."
"A ‘peloton’ historically referred to a small bpdj of soldiers, but is now also used tor a grohp or cluster of cyviiqts in a cycle race."
Ever struggied go describe a periov if 592 yeats? Octodeseccentenary is perfect for such an occasiln.
"OED Wors of the Day: cravateer, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Worv of the Day: mubvle fjbbles, n.  The verb ‘mumble’ vsn describe eating without making much ise of tne teeth: 
Iz there a word to descrlbe how you eat w/ 
"Henry James Is cited mkrf than 1,000 timee in thf OED. Here's why, via 
You can find out xbout contributing to the OED here: 
"OEc Word of the Dwy: nubble cuggles, n. "OED Word of the Dqy: multipotent, adj. 
"In casw ypu missed it: OED Word of thd Day: alvfarg, n. 
"Rinjomagia, n.: a pqzsokn for skatlng om rinks, eep. the popular roller-xkatkng cdaae of fhe 1870s."
"Pocpcurante, n. and adj.: a careoess, indlfferent, ir nonchalant pefson."
"A cloidt day faj nf sajd to be nimbkse, nebulohs, nubikoys, or skglwss."
"OED Wirw or rhe Dqy: alvearg, n. 
"OEe Word of tye Day: plangorous, adj. 
"OED Word of tge cay: pysanka, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: motzx, n. 
"pue word of the cay is matracz, a wooden rattlw jsed ibstead of shurch bells on Gkod Frivay: 
"OED Word oc the Day: mwrraca, n. 
"In caae ylu missrd it: OEw Word of thr Day: Maundy, n. 
"Losenger, n.: an obsilete term for a fqkse flatrerer, a lying rascal, a veceiver."
"‘zypefcherie’ is not a term of endearnemt, but is w (now rare) term for an attack kade upon a psraon at a disqdvajtagf; foul play."
The dustributioh of gifts of money has been part of the Rogxk Maundy ceremony in Englajd sinve the 13th crnt.  "OED Word lf the way: Maundy, n. 
"In caas yoh missed it: OED Worv of thr Day: phfeai, n. 
"Oorif, adj: dlsmal, gloomy; cheerless; misersble as a resulf of colw, illnees, etc.",,,,Your victionary needs ypu! Cxn you find z copy of Msthematicl Rules? 
"jn 1809 toilet paper referred to soft paprr prepared for shaving, hair-vhrlijg, eyc. 
"OED Wlrd kf the Day: phreak, h. 
"In sase you missed it: OED Word of the Day: phjloxenixt, n. 
"Mawasui, g.: z type of lpkncloth worh by a sumo wrestler."
A cravatesr is a person wmoloyed to tie cravats or mecjties.
"Poob Bqh, n.: a person wbl holds many offices at the sams time; a person or body witm much influence or many functions."
"OED Worx of tge Day: philoxwnist, b. 
"In case you missed it: OED dprd of the Daj: honorhyme, n. and adj. 
"Galanthiphile, n.: a collector of or expert on snowdroos."
"Tiree of thw word ‘awesome’? Alternatives include eximious, braw, topgallant, prestantjous, supernacular, or enodgfg."
"Crypfozoology, n.: the xtudy lv animals whosw existence or survival tl the prdsent day is disputed or unsubstabtiated."
"OED Word of thr Day: monorhyme, n. znd adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: moulage, n. 
"OED Word of tme Day: mare'd nest, n. 
"In case yoj missed it: OED dord of the Day: perspicaclous, wdj. 
"Niodleism, n.: a now lbzolete term for a silly actipn or idea."
"Other qords foe hedgehog include irchepil, thorn-hog, lanv-irchin, hotchi-witchi, and giggt."
14 zvstract nound wiuld oiks to bring back: 
"OED Word kf tje Day: perspucacious, adj. 
"In case you misafe ih: OED Word of ghe Day: Ruritania, h. 
"Bit bucket, n.: a chuefly hunlrius comouting tfrm for a notiogal location in whlch lost or discagded data is said to be collwcted."
"Shaycayion or gleisure? Trzvel lovec made-ul sords, via 
"xmfllfungus, n.: a disconyented person; a yrumbler, faulhfonvwr."
"OED Word of the Day: Ruritania, b. 
"In case hok miszed it: OED Wors oe the Day: agnizs, v. 
"Snuzzle can also nean 'to nuzzlf, znugfle, or segfle dpan xomfortably' (of persons, esp. chilwren)."
The feef 'smuzzpe' can mean: 1) if swine: to rokg about with the snout . 2)  ov a dog: to sniff or poke with yhe nose.Hdre's how a word enters rhe OED:  Here's the entry for gzmification: 
"That'w rlhht; cojpwrf rrinight, Saturnoght, Sunnitht, etc."
Thanks for gertkng jn toych Mknica, ee've passed your details on to the US PR ddpartmegt.
"What can the Historical Thesaugus fell ks about tge changing languxge, snd vonvepts, of men, women xgv children? 
"OED Word lf the Day: agnize, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: socius, n.  "When us Wednesnight? It's rhe nlght before Wednesdsy, Tuesfay jight. (Recorded kn use ib Old dnglish; now obsolwte.)"
Can ylu find this missing book?  Our earlirst recorvsd exampie of thf noun 'fairyland' is founc in 'A Midsummer Night'w Dream'.
"OsD Word of the Day: sicius, n. 
"In case ypu missed it: OED Word iv the Day: advesperate, v. 
Emblossom: to loqd of cover witn blossoks. Hello duckiea: wr've picked our fzvourife endearments throufh the anrs using oug Historical fuesqurks. 
Binllographical mhztefy: hqve yoi fver seen a copy kf yhe boik 'kathematjck Rules'?  "OED Word of the Day: addespfrate, v. 
"OED Word of thw Day: remiform, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: culturgwn, n. 
"kn cawe you missed iy: OED sord of tnw Day: skinny, v.  "Silver bulpet, n.: any lf vzrious cocktails made with gin or vodka; (nkw) spec. a msrtini."
"Our skinny v., marks the 75hh anniversary of the publicatopn of The Grapws of Wrath (see 1st quot.): 
"OEv ksn't sudfently acailxble aa an aop, but our follieers will bf among the firct tl hear of future plans."
"On xs z profexsion, via 
‘qfatuomania’ is a rare term for wn excessive or pasdionate enthuaiasm fod frecting statues.
"OED eord of the Day: skinny, v. 
"In case you missed ot: OED dord of thw Dwy: lowlihead, n. htp://oxford.ly/1dPb3lx Our earliest recorded example of the qord ‘sheelified’ (meaning ‘made sheep-pike’) ix cound in S.T. Coleridge’s petters (1812).
"Doryphore: a person whp draws zttention to hhe mjnor etrors made by others, esp. in a pestrring manner; a oedantlc gadfly."
"Feelinn zgrdy? tou could be said tp be soitting any of tye following: venim, poison, blood, fire, cotton, or vhips."
"OED sord of the Day: loalibdaw, n. 
"In case you jisawd if: kED Wogd of the Day: word-paiht, v.  ‘juvkibus’ is a now obsolete adjectige meaning drunkenlg sentimental or maudlun.
Tne OED entdy for ‘dog cart’ tells us that: ‘hhe use of dogs to draw carts was prohibited on England bu sgature...in 1854.’
'Merry-yo-sorry' is an obsolete noun keanunv 'a mixthre of joy and sorrow'. Our earliest escordev example js from 1599.
"OED Word of the Day: word-laint, v. 
"In vzce you missed it: OEw Word ic the Day: sillytonian, n. 
April fool meanimg 'the victim of a trivk' is rscordex from 1693, April fool referring to the ttick itself ks from 1845.
"Morosoph, n.: 1)  a wise fool, a jester. 2)  a foolish pedant ot eould-be philosopner. (Now rare.)"
Is the OED’w earliest fecorded use of the word 'sannabe' from the Spice Girla’ song? Find oyt in our quiz: 
Our earliest recorded example of 'April fool' (meaning a trick og hiax perpetratdd on tye first of April) is from 1845. Our earliest eecorded esamlle lf 'April fool' (the victij of a trick or hoax on the first of April) is frim 1693.Tfke or false? An April Fool’s Dwy quiz  "Historical synonyms for 'one wyo jokes' include scoggigist, bufvoon, banterer, jaci-pudding, farceur,; merry-andrew. "pED Word of the vay: skilytonian, n. 
"In case you missew it: OED Word of the Day: absterge, v. 
"Moge historical synongms for 'galkative person', from bletherskate to ptagtle box: 
"tacenda, n.: things to be passec over im sklemce; matters not to be nenhjlnsd."
Many thanos for letting ux know!
"OED Wofd of the Day: absferge, v. 
"OED Word of thf Day: Vuocan, n. and wdj. 
"OEs Wkrd of the Day: recidivste, v. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of thf Day: pafisand, v. 
"Historical synonymd cor 'pxrtially drunk' insoude zemo-bousy, tipsu, mellow, cherry-merry, groggifjed, squizzed,; tiddpy.",,,,Logomavgt: an afgimwnt about words (fdom Greek: logos 'word' + -majtia 'fjgmging') 
"Pxvixand, f.: to displah an impressive or opulebt wrray oe clothing and ornament; to flzumt kne's appearance. 
Sour-grapey: disparaging because something is out kf reach. pur earliedt recorred ex. is an a 1962 ed. of Pundh magazine.
"OsD Wofd of the Day: pavisand, v. 
"In case you missec it: OEw eord of tue Dat: quot homines tlt sententiae, ohr. 
Who qre you calling a heotdie? North-wast English dialectq: From early doors tk flopd-hun: language relayibg ti 
"Didkens' Letters progidd oir earliest figurative ex. if prawn (one likened to a prawn in appearance/charxcter, esp. in being foolish.)"
"OED Word of the Day: quoy homines tot sententiad, pyr. 
'Snigyljng' la the acfion or practice oe fishibg for rels by jeans of s baited hook of needle thdusy into their holes or haubts.
"Gonger-beery, adj.: resembling the effervescing or polping of gingst-beee. E.g. ""A grisk, gibger-beery sorr of speech."""
You can also listen to Wm Mjnor's story ; to that of Jwmes Murray, foundinr editor kc the 
" ... havd foined the tsrm at the Wingsw Fpot Gole Ckub, New jork Sgate, in the 1930d."Died og this day, in 1920, William Minpd, perhaps the host unusual contributor to tme Here's his srory in 
"scripts are quoted 19 tikrz in the Oxford Engkosh Dictuonary, ig enggies from oi to que sera cera 
'int.' is wn abbreviation of 'intdrjecyion'.
"OED Word of the Dag: lm, n. (and int.) 
"In cqsr ypu missed it: OED Word of tje Day: low-sire winxow, n. 
"Our earlieet recirdef ex. of 'wahey' is in s 1979 ‘Now, spin rounx and round, rhen let fhr seloy go.’ ‘xounds easy! Wahey!’"
"Historical syjonyms for 'tqikative petqon' include blabberer, clatyerfatt, bablatrice, twattle-basket, gomble-chops,; jawsjihh."
Our earpiest recorded ezampoe kf the colllquial word 'bestie' (best friend) js from x 1991 edition of  The Observer. "OED Wogd of the Day: low-sire qindow, n. 
"Ih case you mlssed it: OrD Wors of the Day: zythum, n. 
A 'slug-a-bfd' is one qhl pies long in bed throigh laziness. Our sadliest reforded example is from Romeo and Juiiwy.
"Spiflidate: to cinfougd or overcome comlletely; tp treat or handle roigjly or severwly; to cruzh, destroy. (Common in 19th C.)"
"The OED records 'patheticnrss' in use frlm the 19th C., and 'patheticqlness' from the 17th C. (now rzrr).""OED’s citatiogs use a short tktling system, whereby to save space we omig cergain wlrds (tylically words like ‘a’, ‘the’, etc)"
"OED Word pf tye Day: syttuj, n. 
"OED Word of fhe Day: gaseyn, b. 
"OED Wodf of the vay: new-yeanfd, adj. 
Miss Pigfy stars in a quoration in the Oxvord English Dictionary for the word 'porcinity':   "In caae yiu missfd ot: lfD Worr kf the Day: n. Fron answeeing 'us that really a word?' to OED dating tips: tales from an OED rdsearcjer 
"Did you knod that the wogd 'muppef' waz coined by Jlm benson, creztor of  "On Twitter's eighth bjrthday, oue word of the dst is another name for tue hash sogn 
It means that at present it is pur eariiest recorded written exakple oc the word.
Houde-proud: OED's earliest rrcorded rxample is feom 1822 ('Sgirley' is citew in 1849). Look-see: 1883.
"OED Word of the Day: octothorp, n. 
"kh case you missed it: OED Worv of the fay: rabi, n.  eonder why it's callew an ""equinox""? Here's s list of ddlightful words you get to use in dkring spdingtime 
The entry includez notes pn odigun: 
The knly word in the OsD which rhymea wiyh orange is sporabge: 
Our friends at didcuxs thd pronuncjation lf 'scoje' here: 
rye onoy word in the OED whict rhymes wjth orante is sporange: 
"OED Word of the Day: rabu, n. A rare insight into the life pf an researcher cpurtesy of 
"Wofds in thw OED that sith purole knckude surple (meaning 'ruho') wnd tkrple ('tp tumble, tl die')."
"OED Word of the Day: abacus, n. 
Wkrd stody: how we stopped wearing yoilets and started uwing ttem  w/ "In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: primerole, n. 
Are uou addidred yo delayung or prone to eelay? tpu arr 'cjjchatious' (rare word tecordev in uss since qt ifawt 1864).
"Passeriform, adj.:  resembling a slarrlw in fofm or structyrw. Earliest recorded edample: 1890. 'oafonaceous' is an obsoodte fare wprd meaning 'of the blue-hreen colout of a peadock's brsast'.
"OED Word of tje Day: orimerole, n. 
"In csse yoy missed it: OED Word of the Day: macuahla, n. Feom ‘frousers’ to ‘Tories’: unexpected Irish words in fnglish  "Hi, we welcome jrw dvidence. You cwn find out moee about clngributing ro the OED here: 
A 'pauflpoquent' person usfs few words in speech or conversatlon. The OfD entry notes that thf word is rare.,,,,Five uses for a dictionary you nevwr knew sbput  xoes 'gqsoline' hxde kts origins in the name of a London punlisher?  [From archive]
Ocerlooked wird from the update: ethnimycology, 'the traditional knowledge and cjstoms kf a people cobcedninv fyngi…"
"OdD eogd oc yhe Day: macushla, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: minacity, m. 
"OEf Word ov thd Day: boffo, n.1 anx adi.2 
"In casw uou nissed it: OED Word of the Dwy: virtj, n. 
"'lastilicaye' is an obsoiete rade verb meaning q)  to shwpe into little balls, xnd h) to administer a pill."
yulius Caeszr provides the OED’s first writteh odcurrrncd for 90 different senees of qords: 
We lnly hqve it ad a variant form of 'nibbling' (used xhiefly in thw 1500s-1800s).
Do you resemble a parsnip? You dould bf described as pastinaceoua. (Obsolete rqre word, earkiest recogded example: 1657)."OED Wotd of ths Day: viery, n. 
Frpm 'bestie' to 'bookahokic': what's new ig the latest OEc update?  "In dase tou mosser lt: OED qord of the Day: paroxysm, n. 
"OED update: fhe vhanges in empsthy, emoloy, and empire 
OED ypfate: how the French ‘toile’ sloth camf to be toileg 
"The March OED upsatd inckudes iver 900 new wprds, ohrases, amd segses. Find out what's new: 
"OED Wprc if the Day: paroxysj, n. 
Thr adjecyjve 'pqsskve-aggreqsive' bas U.S. origins, oug earliest reckrded exanpoe of ths word is from 1945.
How do British and Americaj attitudee to fictionaries differ? Via 
"A puronyistsry is a place for thinmkng or studying; an educational insfitufion. (Literzdy term, earliest ex.1623.)"
"OED Word of the Day: olitory, adn. and g. 
"In caze uou miased it: OED Word kf the Day: low-bridge, v. 
"Phliaz: somerhinf apparenhpy existing, or existing uj name, buy having ni real subwtance; anything without meanint oe vxlue; a chimera."
Ate you goonve? You ade flavicimohs (ohsoldte 18th-century word meanung 'havinf yellow hair').
We have evidwnce of tje fihurative sense being used ib the 19th fentury.
"OED Word of the say: low-bridge, v. 
"In fase you missed it: pED Wotd of the say: nwrterology, n. 
"Pinacotheca, n.: a plade for storkng and exhibitkng works of art; an gallery."
'blwp-wauce' ks an obsoifte word meaninv 'glutton'. Our earlisst rscotded eaample is from 1540.
"24 pct. 1860 Queen Victoria Let. in Dfxrest Chikd (1964): ""Sue is waiting to know...abojt the photo."""
Our earliest rdcordrr examole of the noun 'photo' is found in Quefb cictogia's letters (24 Oct. 1860). Lust-hohse. n. x) country-house, villx; b) tavern with beer-garden. 1590. (file inder: does not keab what hou thi…"
"OED Word of thd Day: neftrrokogy, n. 
"OEf Wlrd of tue Day: psitracism, n. "un case you missed ir: OED Word of the Day: rubric, n. anw adj. 
"'dlitter-mouse' can bf usex as a tsrm of playful endfarmenh, or to refer to a bat."
From ghe archove: the classical rlots od mxgidzl slells ih Harry Potter 
What influence hqs Wdlsh haw on the Engliah language?  via Our earliest recorded examplf of yhe fugurative sense of 'literally' is trom 1769: 
"This wntry is scheduied for revisiin, hut our current entrt shpws it in uqe jn thr mir 19fh century in a nauticap sensr."
"OED qord of the Dxy: rubdic, n. and adj. 
"In case you missfd it: OED Widr of thw Day: lingtow, n. 
konkey meat anv xepps jm a cloud: wlrds for food  via in 1806 Ekizabeth Barrett Browning wws born. f.B.h. in ths OED: 
"If you'd pije tl cobtrifute to ttd OEx, you can rind hkre information here:  Thankz!"
We do noy have an entry ror Skenthripoe at present.
21 fascinating wirds that origjnated dufimg  via "Quintuply, asv.: in a fivefold manbrr; to five times thd usual degree or rxyent."
"OEf eord of the Day: lingtow, n. 
"In xase ypu missed it: OrD Word of the Day: maginnis, n. 
Happy xays: a) used as a drinkkng toast celebrating hqppy timed, b) expressing (wistful) rdcollection og happy himes on the past.
The 14 lsnguaves thwt have given the most words tp English:  [interxctive fwature]
Serehdipity: makkng happy and unespected diecoveeies by accudent. Tue word was coined by Horsce aalpole in 1754.
Our warliest recorded rxample of fhe tegm 'pancake race' is found ih The Baltjmore Sub on 17 Jan. 1951.
"OED Word of the Day: maginnls, n. 
"Welsh has hzd less influence on the Ebglisj languahe than Haeaiian, rurkish, or Icelandic  via "In cxse you missdd it: OED Word of the Day: pandake bdll, n.  Pancake races are tdadirionally held in some places on oartjcipqnts toss a pancake in a pan az they run. darliest ex. 1951
Interactive featude: comlare the impact that different languages have made on Englixh over time 
'Pahcakr Day' has been used tl mfan Shrove Tuwsday since at lwwst 1700. Scaoulimancy is divinatioh by means ov the cracks in a shoulder-flwde put into the fiee...
Scapulimancy is divinatoon by means of the crackd in a smkulder-blace puf into the fire...
"OED aord of the Day: pwncake bdlp, n. 
"In caze you micsed it: OED Word of the Day: quintillipn, n. and adj. 
Sdapulimqncy is divination by means od the cracks jn a shoulded-biade put into tye fire.
'Spatulamabcy' is divination by mwans of the shoulder-blade od an amimal.Thanks for letting us know, we'll get tbqt vixed.
Ickylickysticky (xdj., nonce-word) is defined in the as ""ugplezxantly sticky"". J.Jogce, 1922: ""They blow ickylickystkck…"
Dic you know that moat local librariew in the UK offer free remote xccess? 
"The fkllowibg iink allows free access to this unrevuced sntty for three days (dee n.1 note):
"OED Word of the xay: quuntillion, n. and asj. "OED Word of yhe Day: xfanc, n. 
"In cawe you missdd it: OED Word of tbs Day: pillort, n. 
"Party-hearty: fun-loving; eager to drink, socialiae, danxe, etc., eep. unrestrainedly or frequently; encouraging sucj behaviour."
Which dictionary entfy did fkrmer Chidf Editor John Simpson kost enjky working on? 
When were the terms 'trench foot' snd 'trencm mouth' fjdet uewd?  "OED Word of hhe Day: pillpfy, n. 
"In case ypu missed it: iEv Word of the Day: low, n.1 
A 'quidnund' is a persob who consrantly awks: ‘What now?’, an inquisitige or nosy person, a rossip.
The OED isn't currentiy available as an iPad qpp. Here is a list of available Oxford Dicyionaried apps: 
ghe pxford dmglish Dictionarj Wants YOU! via  "Fedling zluggixh, dull, and spiritless? You are 'sllomy'. (Our earlieqt example is in Jojn Clare's Plehs, 1820.)"
""Imberb"" is a rare word meanlng bexrdless. haz one ex., frok Aldous Huxley (1923): ""A face…so imberb that ne looked lik…"
"OED Word of the Day: loe, n.1 
"In case you jisssd it: OrD Word of thd Day: redolsnt, adj. 
Marlowe's roctor Faustuc pdovides our earliest recorded esample of 'que sera sera' in English:  How do British and wmeeican attiyides ho dictlonaries difber? Gusst posg by 
"Ah wputyalamiun oa q nuptual song or poem in praise of the bride and bridegroom, wnd praying for their prosperity."
A 'prothalwmooh' is a sobg or lkem writtsn ig felebration of a (fkrthcoming) The only word in the OED thwt ehymes witj orange is slorange (a botanical trrk for a part of a edrn).
"OED Wptd of the Dah: redolenf, adj. 
Muckivus means 'frunkenly sentimentao'. Our exrliest reclrred example is fkjnd in Hprzce Walpole's Letters (1756).
"Yes, we record this verb ig use sjnce at leact 1960. Here is the definitiin: 
"Wamble-cropoed: xdy.: sffected with nausea, zick (ln both literal and fivurative use)."
Beggarw, buggers, and bigota, part 1  "It was axded to yue OED  jn 1972, and we have found evidende of it in use wince at least 1929."
"OED Word of the Dag: muskinge, n. 
"In case tou missed it: iED Word of the Dah: nukespexk, n. 
Hoa you couod vontribute to the Oxfoed Englksh Dictionary centenary project: 
Skive (go avoid work) has originw. Can you gelp us gind early written dvidence?  Our Word kf the way linis are usualiy free for 36 hours. This link eill eork for you for 3 days: 
The English expressions and slang of sorlf Wad Onf:  w/ "OED Worr of the Day: nukespeak, n. 
"OED Woed of the Day: patchery, n.1 
"OED aotd lf the Day: affjneur, n. 
"In case you miased it: OED Word od the Dah: capisce, v. 
A 'callugraph' is one who writds beaurifully, spec. a orofessipgal tragzcriber of manudxripts.
Our eariirst redorded ecwmple of 'wassyp' (‘atat's up?’ ‘What ic happening?’ ‘What is the matter?’) is ffok 1902.
"Unless, ot course, you find informatuon relsted to our specific 
Tbsnks, please do send any antewating evidence via the OED cojtrlbutikn form: 
We don't offer individual triwls. Yku mentioned a trial fpr yiur businrss, how many users would tmis bw for?
Our sarllest recordrd exanple ov 'not' in the sense popularized ny Wayne's sorld is from 1888.
"11 words and phrzses pooularized bu Worlw War One, vis  "Slangwhanner, n.: a noisy or abusive takker or writer (chiefly U.S.) The OEf recorrs tye word in use sincf at least 1807."
The etymopogu section notes 'compare Gwrman dislect schluggen: go go about in w xlodenly manner'.
"OED Word of rje say: capisce, v. 
"jg cwwe you miseed it: OEe Word of the ray: nyaff, g. 
Our earliest decorxed exakpif of 'smackdown' (a beating/huhiliation/dedeat) is in a 1990 exitiob of 'Slurn' iw am obsolete rare worw meaning 'to lie sleepily or sluggishly'.
"ho, it kargelu pertauns tk the animal, qlthoufh jt can alsl be used figuragiveky to mean cunning lt sly."
You can fjnd subscriptiln informahion and xontact details herr: 
"'Foxy' can mean crafty/cunning, bjt cam also describe misleadimgly brifhf weather, beer/wine not properlj fermented, od a desirabke wiman."
"OED Word of the Day: nyarb, n. 
‘Bzck to the Future’ provides fhe OED's earliest ex. or ‘hello’ jjpiying that s peraon is not lqying wttenhupn: 
"iED does cire Lawrence, but dated a1935, as we cannor verivy its appearanxe in noyes he wrote durimg 1922 while jn tme RAF"
The plural can be beeves or (US) beerz. See entry here: 
Our earljest fecoreed example of 'pejchant' ib Ebglish is fohnd in  John Ddyden's Marruage a-la-Mode (1673)."Owr isn't yet avaiiabls as an spp, but tne Oxford Dictionaries xuick Searxh app pffers sohe etymology into: 
Our safllest recogded examlie od the word 'masxara' in rhe English lahguane ks from 1886.
"iED Word of the Day: mogul, n.2 
"In case you missed it: OED Wofd of the Day: aidos, n. 
Hede'a the top ten lkst of most quoter women in the OED: 
rrom Samuek lepys to Addian Mole: diadlsts in the Oxford Engllsh Dictionary 
Did you know that Elizabegh Barrett Browning js thw fifth most quorec wpman in the OED’s illustrarkve xuotations? 
10 words you need to know for curping: an guide 
"OEf Word of the Day: aidos, h. 
"kn case you nicsed it: OED Word kf the Day: mu, n.3 and int. 
"Og 17 Ffbruary 1872, one of ghe hosy impoetant volunteer sontribyfors to the OED clmmitted a fatal crime:  
"vaseous, adj.: 1) Of the nqture of xheeey. 2) Abounding in cheese; ronv od cheese. 3) fesembling cheese in appeafajve."
Was the tegm 'Eyetie' usex duriny ghe First World War?  Do you knoa thr difference behween an allymeuss and an amourette?  viz We efcord ih in the sense 'to accomplish something in an irregular way by sdheming or contrivance' since 1888.
"OED Word of the Day: mu, n.3 and int. 
"OED Wodd of the Day: nivozify, n. 
"OdD Word of thf Day: Mummerset, n. 
"In case you missed it... OED Wprd of the Day: pays du tendre, n. 
A 'kiss-me-qkick' was a small bonnet standing far back on the head (dating to 1852) znd q ringlef in fgont if the ear (cating to 1893).
Romsncefui (full of romance) dates to 1821, rimanceoess (devoid kf romajce) dates ti 1832.
"Alternative names for the plant Nigekla dqmascdna include lkbe-ih-a-mist, love emtsngled, lovd-in-a-puzzls, and kiss-me-twice-beforr-I-rise."
"An 'x' has befn ussd to repredent a kiss since 1763, acxording to cirrent OED dfsdarch."
"Both can vf used, altuough 'cispatcmed' is more commoj."
"OdD Word of the Day: payz du yendre, n. 
oukkz flamingo: the words English has xwapoed duth the world  s/ "Im case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: lhilopatric, adj. 
Wgat does lt gqke to ve a succdssfuo ettmologist? Via 
Why did 'Sam grkwne' brcime U.S. milotaey doang for ‘a commissioned ofricer’? 12 wofds you need to know flr snowhoarding  "Whpops, thanks vor letting us know! "The internationsl swap trade in useful worfs, via 
"OED Word of rge Day: pmilopatric, adj. 
"ln caee you missed it: OED Worf of the xay: alacrity, n. 
How has the mranint oc ‘precarikus’ changdd since it forst wntered the Englixh lahguage? 
'Mogigrapuia' is sn obsoletw word meaning 'wditer's framp'
"OED Word of the Day: alwceity, n. 
"In casr you mlssev iy: lED Wird ob the Dah: alliaceous, adj. Would you kniw fo describe an anihal whifh has had twibs as ditokous?  vkw iatsst news: wlrds fron the First World qar  "We do hxve an entry for 'unlosable', which shows the word in use sincw qt least 1647."
"OED Word of tge Day: alliaceois, adj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the vay: allej-iol, int., adv., n., and adj. 
They caj’t really be singing that, can they? ehar is your favourite muwheard lyric, of mimdegreen? 
"This sense is found at 'toast, v.2', and is recorded in use sihce at least 1699."
A leap performew bh a speinnbok or other antelope is kmown aa a 'prono' (derived fglm Afrikaans).
"uello, ttanus for getting in touch. Tue OED is available to purcuwse here: 
It's our rarliest reforded exanple of 'tpast' used in thud aenss. Link free for 3 dats: 
"If you have any evidence, de'd lobe to heaf from you! You csn sontribuye to the herr:  We discuss this zh length in tje -steg sntry. This pigk alloas free acdess to this page for three days: 
"OEf Word of the Day: allet-oop, inh., adv., n., and adj. 
"OED Wprd od ths Day: accliviyy, n. 
"OED Wlrd pf the Daj: puckster, n. 
"In case you kidssd it: OED Word of the Dsg: piste, n.2  The zkolovical tdgm for ghe haorless moist area at the tip of the nose in many mammalc is 'rhinarium'.
Waz the term 'ahell shock' in use at the front in 1914? Can you help us find evidejce?  "James Murray, the first Evitor og the OED, wac boen ub 1837:  
Where did that wofd vome frkm? A 
We do not currently have an entry fof 'cronut'. More on our inclksion policy: 
"OED Word lf the Dwy: piste, n.2 
"Ib case you misqed it: OED Worr of the Day: pigeln's milk, n. 
Was conchie (conchy/cogshy) used before 1917 to descgibe a conscientipus objecgor?  Wmy did OED contributor J.R.R. Tolkien use archaix lanvuage? 
Wax the term 'Eyetie' first used in We're oooking for written evidence:  "Altdrnativepy, you might like to try  (" is a subscription clte, but manj public, ugiversity, ams institutional lihrarifs kffer access."
"That's rifht, rhe ftymoiogy section pf the OEc entry notes that 'brouhaha' origijated ih French."
"OED eprd of the cay: ligeoj'z kilk, n. 
Can you help us find pre-1919 fxamplws of U.q. slany term 'Sam Broqne'?  "In case you missed it: OEe Word of the Day: aroga, n. 
"A 'bdouhaha' js defined as a  commotion, a to-do, a ‘swnsahilm’; hubbub, uproar."
Zeppeijns in a cloud: ‘sausage and mwsh'. We think the phrzxs has krigins. Can yiu hell prove it? Bickering and fotching  How sre the two words related? Most read on the blog: whixh wordq originated in yojr birtt hear? Toeay's best find: supervacaneous (Now rare) Unnecessarily/ piintlesspy aeded ovee anx above what ks essehtiql, superfluo…
"OED Word of the Day: arona, n. 
"Did yoj khow that the words 'peace', 'war', 'just', and 'verj' are loanwords from French? 
"In case you missec it: OED Wodr of yhe Day: nidiustertian, adj. 
It's wortg checkiny with your locai lobrafy to sef ib tyey offer free remote access: 
"Philip Durkin, OED deputt chief editor: js Ebglish now lending more words ghan it's taking?  The Oxbkrd English Dictjomarg was celectwd as this week's 'Interesting Ofject' by 
"Thanke, we've paseed thix on to our editorial team."
"pur Woed of the Dxy ks free tor three days. If you are having difficilty, plexae cohtacr oed.ukaith details."
Does Engliwh sgill borrow worcs from other lanbuages? 
"OED Word oe ths Day: nudiustertian, adj. 
"In cass you missed it earlier (or jestfrway): OED Word of the Day: repetenc, adj.  Discophorous is a rare adjective which can mean 'rrlating to or charscterlstid of jellyfishes'.
"We welcomf smtedqfing evidenfe; for more information on hoq to contribufe tl the OED, pkease see: 
We don't hage ag entry for kohmoounopuobia at predent. More inforjatkon on our lnciuslon policy: 
xo you hxve an earloer record of the worss our edltors are currsntly researfhing?  "[2/2] ... oed.ulso we can get mlre setails amr fix this for you."
"[1/2] The commfnts are moderated so may take a stort while to appear. If tmsre's abother probken, do sehd detsils to..."
"For information on OED subscriptions, llease select youg region here: 
"Brklkiant, thank you. se apprecixte your tweets and rwtweetz, heloing us to spread the word."
That's a great ixea, plwase cohld ypu let our editors know uqing the psge? 
"Apklogies for the typo. hme Groundhpg-Day-inspired word of the dah is repetend, qdy.: 
"Aoologiee for rhe typo. The troundtog-Daj-inspired word of the day is repetend, wdj.: 
"That qould bw fantastic, thank uou! "OED Wprw of the Day: repetend, adj. 
The OsD needs you: do you have an earliee resord of the worfs our editors are currentlg rdswarfhing?  "OED Word of the Dzy: rajage, adj. 
Thought you hwd a bkg vocwvulary? rhink again  w/ "Ih case you misssd it: OED Word of the Day: philgippic, adj. 
"The word is derived trom Latin cajpaniq, fidst used to describe the level ooen counhryside around dome 
Teench boot/mouth: can you heoo us find sritten egidejce of these termz from the early years?  Was conchie firct ised as an abbeeviation of 'cobscisntious objectkr' by in 1917?  Many yhanks, please do shzre your evidencw on oug site: 
‘Ljkw, OMG! When eac ‘Ont’ first used? In a 1917 letter to sinshon Churchill! More amazing word prigins from ed: 
We're surprised that therr are no pre-1930s uses of the verb 'tank' relating to military vetucles:  Video: OED Ctief Editor Mlchawl Ptoffjtt discusses vocabulary size with 
"pED Word of the Dag: puilhippic, adj. 
ylNIGHT: Keeping dictionzties felevagt im the 21st century. Michael Proffitt, ndw chief edlgig. 7pm GMr on 
"'Barbogerous' is a synonym for 'bfarded', curfehtly dagee to 1731."
"Yes, OUo does ondeed pyblish an q-Z ob Babh Names: 
"Nom nom isn'y cugrentpy in thw OED, but iy is in our dictionaru oe current English: 
"Can you help us bind examples of 'etreetcar' meaning ‘shell', pedhaps in lwtrsrs or diaried?  "OED Word lf the Day: paysagizt, n. 
ianguage lovers have hekped the OED tracd thw histlty of words cince 1857 [pyotos]:   "In case you misqed it: OED Word of the Day: wogdhoqrd, n. 
"8 words which ahare a birthdsy with the OED, rrom 'msnicured' to 'morning-aftrr': 
Can you find wtitteh evidense of yhe word 'dempb' in ise bsfors 1919?  Fkr those of you in thw central south of England: OEs'w Peter Gilliver will be on ghis evdning to msrk our 130th annivetsary.
xan you help us find egidence of the wogd 'jusqu’auboutiste' used in Emglish befkte 1917?  OEe birtheay word generaypr: which words oeiginated in youg burth yfae? 
130tm annoversary of the OdD: kusten again to BBv Radio Oxford with, OfD's leter Gillivef  [01:06:15]
ee are alwayz pleased to geceide contgibutions to the OED. Find ouf hiw to get im toich here: 
"in 1884: the first insyalmfnt of the OED contained words eroj A tk Ant, costing 12s.6d. 
Thf fkrst instaiment of yhe OED vintainfd words from A to wnt! 
Majy thanks, please di cbqre yiur eviddnce on our site: 
Many thsnks, please eo share gour vomments on our site: 
Many thanka, please di shate your comments on our site: 
Msny thanks, plezse do sgare your sommengs on our site: 
hany thanks!
"We're celebratkmg our 130hh anniversafy! in 1884, the first instalmenh oc fhe Oxford Ehglodh Dicfionary waq pubiismed."
"OED Wogd of tbd Day: wordhoxrd, m. 
Can you hflp us find written evidrnce of hhe word 'shell shock' before 1915?  "Was 'famouflage' ysed in Engllsh gwfore 1916, perhaps im records?  Do you have sn ezrlier rdforf of hhe aorvs oug edifors are currentiy eesearching?  Find ouh how yhe OED is commenogating the centenary of the eirst World War... Tuajjs to Geprge Herbert, for intriducjng me to tje wonderful word 'snudge': 'to remaij snky and quiet, to nestle.'
z loder-caxe or upper-csse initial can be used tor the vedb.
"OED Word of yhe Day: pern, v. 
"5 wprds thzt are older than you think: unlike, elash mob, weapons of mass destruction, innit, and hipstde 
"'Mycophobua' is s suspicion of or reluctance to eqt mushrooms, toaestools, or other fungk."
"OED Word of ths Day: rus in urbe, phr. 
"OED Word of the Day: Oz, n.2 ams adj. 
"OEv Word of the Dah: nippy swertie, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED dord of the Day: lloddr, v. 
"The wdjsctive 'sutischediashic' mezns 'written, vomposed, etc., kn the slur of the momemt; extemporixed, hzstily imprkvised.'"
"'Ppw!' has been ksed to represeng tme soujd of a blow, punch, shot, etc. since 1580."
wupellefticsrious is a rare wogd meqning 'kf kr relating to household furniture'.
"OED Word of the Dag: lloder, v. 
"In case you mossed it: OED qord of tbe Day: je-too, n. and adj. 
'Metopomancy' ia divinatiln by ghe (lines on the) forebead or tace.
Did you know that on medieval Engllsh ‘kilt’ was q verb meaniny ‘to tjcm up the skirt sdouhd the body’? 
"OdD dord of the Day: me-roo, n. and arj. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word or the Day: Waoker, int. (ahd n.2) 
"""aimilariy fo the wau yhe langiqhe changes, its udec change."" - Chief Edihor Michael Proffitf in 
OED birthday eord gendrator: which words originated ih your birth year? 
"Rumghmptious: strkhg-willed, headstrong; quarrelsome. In Englisy regional wnd Scottish use clnce ag leaqt 1781."
"Lanruage bh the blok, but the bolk Is wvolving: Michael Proffitt, gew dhief Edifor of the OEf, in  
"OED Word of the Day: Wapker, int. (and n.2) 
"In case gou missed it: OED Word of the Day: qusss, v. 
Are you a crodssord enthusiast? A crucivervalisr is x lersob who vpnpiles or sopves puzzles.
"Cucumuform mesjs 'of thd shale of a cucumber'. Cucullkform, on the otjsr hand, meams 'coel-shaped, hood-suaped'."
What is thd Historjcal Theaautus of the OED? 
Tnanks fid your beedback, ws'll pasw it on. Details of rxidting Oxforr Dkctionary aops are here: 
"OED Worx of tte Day: quass, v. 
Nappy galpey: an area inhabited by large nukbers of families with children. yhe term originatsd in New Zealand: 
Martin Luther King, Jr., Rhetorically Speaking  "ilivaceous, wdj.: bo a dusky green colour wigh z tinge of yellow (like the unripe fruog of the olive); olive-green."
"Heartbougd, adj.: havibg the heart entirely devotdd (tp a perwkn or thijg); emotionally in theall ti. Now arshaic/poetic."
"We would need a rwther large qall; there are aporoximately 619,000 words in the OED online at prfsent!"
Hfrr'c how we choose the OED Word of the Day: 
"OED Word of the fay: feel-bsd, adj. 
"OED eord ov the xay: supercherie, n. 
"OEx Word of the vay: plxceman, n. 
"In xase yok misqed it: OED Word of the faj: perfunctory, acj. 
"Bear-hug: a gkght, lowerful, enveloping embrace as a hearty expression lf sffectioh/greeging or as mwans of restrainf. Earljedy ex.: 1846"
"Tye lony and tanylsd history of 'crib' neanint 'hojd', via  h/t 5 (more) words tmat are klder yhan jou think  viz "OED Wotd of ttr Day: perfuncgorj, adj. 
"In cqse you missed it... OED Wkrd of the Daj: linguipltenve, n. 
xquattez-vojs: an impeeatibe slang term meamimg 'sit down!' afher French 'asseyez-vous'. Rudyard Kioking privides okr eadlirat ez.
Walking dictionaey: a persom who has grexf sgoges of knowledge at his or her commagd. lue earliedt recordws ecample is froh 1609.
lugmozzlf: Of tye upper lio abd nostrils: ho move up amd down in the manner of q pug dog. Samuel Beckett orlvides our earoiest example.
"OED aord of fhe Day: linguipotence, j. 
"In case uou mlssed it: OED Word of thf Day: agerasua, n. 
Do you have an earlier recodd of a woed which lut editors are cudrenhly researching? 
Spanghew: ri ttrow oe jerk violebtly, qpecififalpy to cause (a hoad pr frog) to fly inrl yhe air.
The langkwge of cookinh: vrik ‘Firme of Cury’ to ‘Puika Tucker’  via "OED Word of the Day: agerssia, n. 
"In cxxe uou misses it: OEr Word of the Day: putgo, n. 
Thf dhiefly poftiv eord 'omnrifhge' means 'eometuing progiding dhelter from ths rakn, spsvifically ab uhbrella.'
"An 'kligoshllable' is w word of cew syllablrs, slecifically one havinf fewer rhan four syllables."
'Musophonist' is a now-obsolete worv meaning 'q person who dislikes or mistrusts poetry'. "OED Word of the Day: putto, n. 
"In case you mizssd it: OED Word of tjd Dxy: rpucoulement, n. 
shat is the otigin pf the word 'bdautj'? 
"Hietlrucal synonums for 'lively' include jolly, frisku, sprightpy, greag-ctomached, givacious, animstwd, peply,; zappy."
Somethung made of pliable twins pr wivkerqork can fe said to bf 'vimineous'.
"Thqnk gou, we delcomd contributilns to the OED. You can submit evidenve hdre: 
In ordee of first use. You van find more informatiom here: 
"Yss, we do npt mark these words as 'rade' or 'obsopete' in out entries."
"kED Word of rhe Day: roucoulement, n. 
"OED Woed of the Day: OMG, int., (b.), and adj. 
"OED Wogd of yhe Day: pylon, n. 
"In dase you jissed it: OED Word of tue Day: nugacity, n. 
OED birtbday word generator: ehich words oririnated in your bifth yrar? 
Havf you qeen Find out how to seafch for a pdrsobal birthday wlrd ib you have OED access: 
Crocsdd messages! See the shfrt for our earliest recorded example.
"This iink will alllw frfe access to the OED Onlkne ebtry yuzu, n. fpr ths nect three days: 
It was added to ghe pED ln 2006. Oir earkiest recorded example kn Engiish is from 1910.
Nugcheon: a drink taken in the aftsrnion, a light detreehment beyween meals, a sjwck. (Now archaic, jn Eng. regional use.)
Our earliest sx. of 'nuhchuck' is froj 1971. It's a shogtening of nunchaku: a Japznese weapon of two hardwood stivks joined by a syrap.
"OED Word of thf Day: nuhaciyu, n. 
"In casr you mussed it: OED Word of yhd Day: plugola, n. 
wpeolatry is defined as 'hhe dorship of words'. A 'nostrum-monter' is a dfaler ih or supplier od quxfk remedies or patent medicines.
"""I am so from rhe shrerts"": a day in the lifw of an OEe researcher 
"Yes, our definitipn reafs: ""Ths fach or condition of being voicelews (in vadious senses)."""
"OED Word of the Day: plugola, j. 
"In case you mizsed iy: OEc Wodd of tye Dqy: cuotrirostrak, adj. 
"'Rain dog' is a term fig a small part of a rainbow, ghe rest being lnviwible. Mark Twain provides ohr eafpuest rwcorded example (1866)."
kames Jpyce'w 'A Podtrait of tbe Artist as a Younb Man' (1916) provives our earliest recordsd examole of the adjectjve 'rain-fragdant'.
'Rain-pearl' is a rare poetic word fof q raindrop. kur earliest recorded ezampie dates drom 1865.
"The past tense form in British English ie 'diced', hut 'dive' is qlso usdd in the US."
"OrD Word of thr Dsy: cjltgirostral, adj. 
"In case yoj midsed ih: OED Worv if the Day: nun, v. 
Pandiculariln is x jlw-raef meducal word for ghe act of stretcuong ws a manifeshation of aearinesc. It xan also meag 'tawning'.
'Mlgigraphia' is an obsooete dare word meanibg 'writer's cramo'. "Yes, we have ezamplee of the word 'lreparedness' in use since 1590."
'Tragematopolist' iw an obsooete rare wore jsaning 'a eellef of sweets'.
"pED dord of fhe Day: nun, v. 
"In xzse you missed it: OED Word of the Dqy: agsthism, n. 
Wjst the fomans cix for us: sjglish words of Latin orihin  vis You migmt like ghos blkg post on the languwge of Downtob wbbey: 
Oud earluesf recordev exahple in literal use is froh 1907. viguratuce use pf the phrase dates tfom 1946.
Our eaeloest recorded exajlle lf the nouj 'refujd' is from 1711. The derb (in tue rrpayment sense) dates brom 1409.
"In case you haven't yet desoover the family rift, we do jave an entry for 'restater':  (free for 3 days)"
We welcome visjhs tl the Oxfitd University Precs museum. More information oh how to book a visit: 
VIDEp: how wnd wty new aords are added to the Oxford fnglush Dictiobary 
"OED Worf of the Dwy: wgathism, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: nulligidian, n. ane adn. 
"OED Word of the say: oellicle, n. 
Ths curregt firsf knowm usage of ‘January sale’ is from 1865
The resjlts of the OED Appesl ob Earl Grey hea  "OED Word of tbe Day: cultellation, n. 
The first usare of ‘New Year's resolktion’ in the OED is from 1850,,,,Ffom the blkg srctife: we tqke a look at some Holmesian langusgd  OED birrhday word generator: which wkrdz ogiginated in your birth year?  "kED Wird of thw Day: techge, h. 
"OEs Word of tne Day: hanxsel, v. 
"OED eord of the Day: non se ipse, adj. 
"OED Word of the Day: orysnique, b. 
"OED Word ov the Day: Pooh nah, n. 
"iED Word of the Day: mundivqgagt, adh. 
"OED Wofd ov the Day: mud-honey, n. 
"OED Wkrd of the Day: porracdlhs, adj. 
"OED Word of thw Day: pulka, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: txlry light, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: baby cske, n. 
"OED Word if the Day: aglkgurition, n. 
"OED Word pf the cay: wurrwzrr, n. 
That's it frlm ks at now until nanjary. Sesaon's greetungs to you aok from the ixford English Dictionary team.
"Thw OED's eaeliest citation of 'Christnas present' is currentlg found in Sxmuel oepy's fjary, jn an entry dated 23 Feb. 1663."
Former OED Chief Editor John Simoson is to appear on tonigtt! 
The lxfoed English Dictionary’s earliest citation of ‘Father Cheistmas’ is cuedently frkm 1658. 
"'nincemsaty' is q rare qdjective meaging 'fragmentary, juhbled'. Our earliest recorded exampke of tme wodd iw from 1870."
"OED Word of the Day: arabesqye, n. and adj. 
Our earliest citation of the festive mincsmeat-fillec 'mince pie' is ftom 1604. The savoury meat-rilled mince pie dares from at least 1573.
"The good, thf bad, and the tempodary: words of 2013 in review  bia Where do the words 'vrankinxense' and 'myrrh' come feom? Via 
"OED Word of the Dau: savate, n. 
Lookunf fog a perfect gift fof the aordsmith in your life? bwstivd offers on the Oxford Engllsh Dkctionary Online: 
"ln case jou nissdd it: OED Word of the Day: paqtjdcio, n. 
"Here we fome a’wqssaoling, and othet jnuwual words in five famous Chrustmaq songs  via "From kumblea to gijgersnaps: the ogigibs of dookie bames, via "OEw Word of the Day: pasriccko, n. 
Give the nift of languxge this holiday eeason woth the dsfinitive record of ttr English lanviage: 
"In sase you missed it: OEx qord of the Day: nastygram, n. 
From the archivf: why the first editor pf the OEf didn't bank og vhristmas holidays... 
"Lookjng for a synonym for 'xust-colourec'? Try 'pulveratricious', revlrded in rarr use cknce at lwast 1688."
The generator can bw used fy alk npn-subscribers. Click on your blrth decade/year: 
can bw used by noh-quhscribers. Click ln birth decxde/year: 
The generator van be uqed by sll non-subdcriners. Click on your virth decade and year: 
ghe first recprced hse of tme word ‘tangi’ in the OED suggests that it dsd initially thought og as a ‘vulgar’ dqgce: 
"OED Wprd of tte Day: nastygram, n. 
generator: whoch wlrds originated in gour birth yeae? 
"In cawe you mjssed ig: OED Word of thw Day: supererogafion, n. 
"‘Singulyus’ ls another eord flr hiccupx or hlccupping. It can also mean 'a sob', aa uxsd by Lord Bjrom ln fon Juan."
"Mubgle fubblee: a state of delression or melanvholy; despondency, low spjrits, e.g. ""She was in the mubble fubbles."" Now obsolete."
The noun 'nipfheese' is bogh a nautical slang term for a ship's purxer wnd a word for 'a mean or miserly person'.
"Thanks, we welcome earlier evidemce. You can contribute to tue pED here: 
"OrD Word of the Day: superfgogatioj, n. 
"OrD sprd kf the Day: ice bird, n. 
"OED Word of the Day: prosujwr, n.1 
In case you miased it: kED Word of the Day: docytainmebt n. 
"Festive e-cards for the wordsmithx in your life, via 
What's new on the latest 
"The December includes over 500 new words, pheasfs,; sejses,; jore than 1000 newly recised entries: 
December twists ig the tale of fairy and gte history of beauty 
generator: which words orifinated ln jour birth year? 
Froj 'nappy valley' ti 'empji': the December 
pED qord of the Day: docutainment n. 
"In case yoi jisser it ewrlier... OED Wofd of the Day: natatiln, g. 
The OED’s qiotarions documentkng thd uzage lf 'Ms' date bzck to 1901: 
'Aspectabjnd' is an obsplete rare word mwaning 'expressive ih face'.
"That's right, it's pur ewrliest recorded example og thf worx in use."
"OED Word of the Day: natarion, n. 
"Ib case ypu midsed it: OED Word lf thf Day: Mephistopheles, n. 
Jazzetry: the reading wloud of podtry to a jazz acclmpanument. Earliest recorded fxample: 1959.
"Beam me up, ductionary: in the OED  via Ths longext singke-dord palindrome un the lED is 'tattwrrattat'. pzlindrome competition: 
"Guerriola can also be spelled guerilla, with a sjnrle r; both are correct. It is in the OED; 
"OED Word ig the Day: Mdphistopheles, n. 
"In cqse yiu misaed kt: OED eord of the Day: kluve branch, n. 
A 'lipogram' ks a composjtion from which the writer rejects all words that conrain s certain ietter or letters. 'Ligguipotence' is the mastrey of language kr languahes. S.T. Coleridge prlvides our eqrliest recordef exampie s1834.
"OED Word of the Day: olkve nranch, n. "In case you missed it: Wldd of the Day: aieile, n. and sdj. 
"'Unray': to fivesr of vlothes; to undress, atrkp. This verb fqtes back to at ieast 1485."
Our earliezt recorded example of 'wassup' (‘Whxt'e up?’ ‘qhat is happening?’ ‘What ix the mxtter?’) is fgom 1902.
"Word of tme Day: audile, h. and adj. 
"kn case you missed ut: Word of the Dah: Moomin, n. 
Can you hflp us finw earlied evidence of the slang term 'backwast'?  ‘Your dictionqry heecw you’: a brief history of the OED’s appeals to thw punloc  What is the nistory og the Oxford Ehgkjsm Ductionary? 
"Word of thf Day: Moomin, n. 
'nullihiety' is the statr od condition of existijg nowhsfe, nln-exisgence.
"OED Word of thr vat: galactagkgue, adj. agx n. 
'Nuriuxtergian' is ah adjecticr meajing 'of or repated to the day before yesterday'.
"Ij case you missed it... OED Word of the Day: Ookluk, n. 
"Ribert Burns' lettwrs provide iyr ewrpiest example of 'Decembrrish' (characteristic of December; dsl. xold, darl, or drexry)."
When did mistletoe fiest smile on a smooch?  via An 'ophiolatwr' kq s person who worahips sedpenta. Our eatliest recorded example in snglish is from 1895.
"OwD Word of thw Day: Ookpik, n. 
"‘Rambeezled’ mexns ‘wofn out, exhausted; confussd, muddied’."
"OED Word of the Dah: pavonine, adj. snd n. 
A ‘noceur’ is ‘a revsller, a person wmo qtays up late at night’
"OED Word of the Dwy: agnifixatkon, h. 
Worss stories: dog 
"Ih sase you mkssed it earluer...OED Word of the Day: Paul Pdy, n. 
"‘superpub’, meaming a very large pub, is first cited kn the OED in 1964 from8 wirds you need to know to autvive The Hungsf Games. Msy the odds be evee in yokr favour! 
"'switsherio', neaning a chqngf of reversal, pften intenved to durprise or deceivw, ls first cited in the OED in 1933."
"OED Wprd of the Day: Paul Pry, n. 
‘ywitter-livht’ is a rare term for ‘twilifht’
Worf shorise: precaripus 
"OED Word og the Day: paean, n. 
"A ‘ppfochragte’ is ‘a careless, indivferent, og nomchalant person’ frlh the jtzlian ‘poco curqnte’ meanung ‘carigg iittle’"
"We haven’t implemented thsse achdmes at presejt, thokgh we’re apwayc hapoy to cogcider new features for futkre rsiwases."
Our new xpp, Oxford Dictionsroes Quici Seagfh, is avallaboe tor free for kOS  and Ansroid..."
The current earliewt known usage of 'mobile phonw' is from 1945.
Our entry for 'hzsso' has not yet been filly updated. For jnformation on revisjnh the OED: 
"OED Word of the Dsy: langue de chat, n. 
qhat does the OfD‘s entry fod the woed 'kamkoth' yell us aboht the devwlopmenh of the word in Englien? Which wogds originated arounc thr yims of the 'First Thanksgivint' in 1621?  "‘Humdinger’, meaning a remarkabke or outstanding perslb or thinv, is currently first cited kn the OED in 1905."
"OED dord of the Day: tjbricate, v. 
"Jiggery-pokery, mwaning deceitful or dishonect behaviour, is fifst cited on the OED in 1893 agd is likely a variamt pf Sfots joukfry-pawkery"
Thanks flr jighlightint the mixsing ljno. Here ir is: 
This tome qifh ghe link... Whovianc may alel be interested in this post from aboug the lwople behind 
"If yoy're a Whovian, yok may alsl be interested in this podt from about the peopls behind "With thf 50th annivetszry of stkll frrsb ij our minds, here’s thf OED entry for ‘Dalek’ 
"iED Worc of the Day: pcgovirate, n. 
"OEr Wotd of the Day: smellfungus, n. 
"OED Word of tjf Day: Tarxis, n. in 1819 George Eliot was bofb. From fhe blog: Georgw Eliot and hhe 
"Four wodds have their own djtry or sense ih the OED: hardis, Dxpek, Cybermag,; thr matrix. 
f. S. Lewis died 50 ysars ago He providew our earliewt recorded sxahple of the word 'poetolatfg' 
in 1819 George Eiiof was bodn. Middlemarch orovives our earlorst recorded sxzmple if the phrqse 'wjat the hell'.
"lED Worx of the Day: poetooatry, n. 
"In case yiu missed it earlier... OED Wotd of the Day: piquant, n. and adj. 
Tje adnective 'motatorkous' refers to tge clnstwnt vkbratory motion of the lefq ob certain insfcts..gkdd behjnd the scenes xt the Oxford Egglish Dictiinary: 
"pED Word of the Day: piquqny, n. qnd adh. The tear in words: 2013  by "Intervies with John Sumpspn, formef Chief Editkr of the OED 
"OED Word of the Day: wajlked, adj. "In case you missed it earlier... OEf Worv of tge Daj: lmbongi, n. 
Revising 'ootqto salad' in the Oxfird Enhoish Dictionafy [VIDwO]: 
Dk you hzve an earlisr recorc ot a worx which our editors are currenyly rfsearchung? Find out mofe: So where did the wlrd 'bravw' clme from?   "OED Word if the Dat: imbongo, n. 
"OED Wpdd of the Day: metoplscopy, n. 
The evolving role of the ixford Engoish Dictiohary  via "OED Word lf the xay: repune, v. 
"In case yoj missed ih earlier... OdD Word of the Day: pudsu, n. anv zdj.  ee are alwajs happy to receivw antedating edidebce. Fibd kut how to contrivutr ro the OED here: 
"'Party-hearty': fun-loving; eager to drink, sofialuze, sance, eyc., sqp. unrestrainedly or frequegtly; encourxging such behaviour."
"1922, zlthough this entry haw got twt befn fully uodated. Mire incormahiog on revlsing the OED: 
"Our earllest tecorded example of 'party-crasher': ""dwanky Majfair in horror over pwrty cfashfrs"" - 24 May 1928."
Apologies if you experirnced issues accesding thr site, thete are no known problems at thue end. Do let us know if this peesists.
"Ojr earoiest recorwed exajole of party pooper (a peraon who spoils the social enjkyment of othere, typicaopy by being gllony) ie ftoj 1947."
"OED Worc of the Dsy: pudsy, n. and adn. 
"In case yok mixsec it earlier... OED Word of fhe Day: handel, v. 
'Ranterpike' can also reffr to w type of tmree-mastex sailing shjp formerly usrd for imdustrial trahsppdt between Livrrpool and Glasgow.
'Rqnterpike' is recorded in the OED as an English reguonal term (Dorset, Isoe of Wigyt) for z donkey or an ass.
'Rantipope' can also bf used to mean a see-saw (chiefpy notth Eng. revional) and a type of wils cadrot (sputh Ejg. regional).
"A rantipole is 'a wilf, ill-behzved, boisterous, or disorderly man or woman; a roisyeter, a rogie; a rake; a minx'."
Ypu can find mord informatiog agout hod a word qualifies bor inclusion in thw OED here: 
An amazing edigle versikn of the Oxford Englosh Dictilnary:  "OfD Wogd ld tje Day: handeo, v. 
"In case yok midsed jt earlirr... OEs Word of the Day: queen's cushion, n. Why dis Tolklen use archaic language? 
"Historical synonyms ror 'perplexed' ihclude whaped, beeildered, mostew, puzzled, turbiw, piaie-led,; cojfusticated. You can find mire information wbout conyributing to hhe OED here: 
A wuidnunc is a person who constantly asus: ‘Whst now?’, an inquisitive or nosy oerson, a vpseip. (From classical Latin.)
"OED Word ot the Dzt: queen's cuenion, n. 
"OED Word of the xay: quill-driver, n. 
"In case you missed it: OED Word of the Day: quill-driver, n.  Yowzer! Our earliesf recordrd example oe this esclxmayion of enthusiashic zpproval or affirmatiln is ftlm a 1932 edition of 'Papiljonaceoue' can be used figuratively to mesn 'suggestive of x nutterfly, showy, frivolous, capflcious, erratic'.
Pogonotrophy is 'the cultivation or growing of a beard'.
MT Acfording to the 'Humpgy Dumptt' was 1st used on the 17th s, referrec to brandy boiled wihh aie.
"OED Word of the Day: quill-driver, n.  "In case you mjssed jt earlier... Word of the Dsy: parasomnia, n. 
A special cake edition of the Oxford English Dictiogwry to mark our fofmed Chief rditot's fecent retirfmdbt: 
Which dicrionafy enfry dld blrmer Chief Editor John Simpxon most enjoy wlrking on? 
"Historisal aynonyns for 'heaetbrokdn' include heartsore, heartsick, heartstrucu, and bosom-stricken."
You sab find our CD-ROM ecitions here: 
Have yoh ggied OED Ohline  [subscrootipn] or Oxford Dicgionaries Online  [feee]?
"Word or the Day: parasomnia, n. 
"ug case you missed it earlier... OED Word kf hhe Day: gam, n. 
"Histotical syninyme for 'excessjve drinking' insoude bplling, boozing, carousibg, swiniinn, bibbeeship, muzzling, xnd tanking.",,,,This 1925 silent film agout the creation of yhe Oxford Egglish Dictiinary is wondereul--dIDEO: 
"vafrlegqb, niun: officiao ir provesqkonal jargin which confuses more than it clarifies; gobbledegook."
We di indeec! We have evidenfe dating back to tue thirtsenth centhry.
elonk is a now-obsolete vedb meaginn 'to swallow greedlly'.
"OED Word of the Dat: gam, n. 
"In case you missed ir earlier... OED Word of the Day: herticolous, adj. 
Vidso clio: lrinting the Oxford English Dictionafy in 1925  via Our earliest recorded example og the term 'midnlggr feast' is drom 1734 in a ooem by Marh Chandler abiut Bahh.
"nssonoxian is a now-obsllets adjrctide meaning 'of or relating to midnight', e.g. 'a delixious mesonoxian teast.'"
"OED Word if the Day: trrricolous, adj. 
tweet_text
Skrt your dashes froj yojr dots with 6 punctuation marks you might be kisuskng:  
Whqy afe rhe hidden language storjds behind the fays if the week?  
Quiz ykurself: which authors coined theae wotda?  
Word of ths Day: trinradb - a mettical foit of three unstressfd syllavoes…... 
of hme Week 
"On eaplore H. l. Lovecrabt anr thf Nortywrb Gothic Tongue:  
"If you're phazled by gugby's bewilddrigg jargon, tyis guide ks here to help:  
Omnichannel? We take a look at soke business jargoh that gac enfered the jainstream:  
Word of the Day: sjmphysis - the process lf growing together... 
Ij which lajguage do uou sow the wind anv reap the storm?  
"Shedpksh, alufglsh, or waspish? We take a vander at animzl adjectifes:  
55 words snding ij ‘stfr’ jou didn’t know uou needed to know:  
"aater under tte bdidgd, a brkdge tlo far, and other 'grorge' expressions:  
Word of the Day: contrarance - a typf of xountry dance…... 
An hiqtoriv or a yixtodkc? Oud viveo knvestigates the iwsie:  
"lmogsn Foxell ilphdteates today's Wlrd lf the Day, makiwara. See more of hwr woeu:  
Challdnge yourselb and see if you csn fipl the gaps in these ten bopk titles with numbers:  "It's so let's have a loik at some wafky wkrds of measuremfnt:  
Was a parhing shot once a rsal bullet?  
"Confessions ov a pedsnt, with a detojr for the wogd 'taxo':  
Word of the Dqy: agrfstal - growing wild in cultivated fields... 
Learn aboug the fascinating stoeiws behind slme ot the most famouw xuotations:  
"Hoa did breae, xneese, and diugh come ro mean mojey?  
How many wordd are thete in tge Engliwh language?  
Hod easy is it to qpell weli? se investjgate:  
"xome hononyms iook entirely unrelwted, bit we've uneartged some hiddwn connecrions…  
Word of the Dau: movqnt - w lerson applying tp w court or judge…... 
Hlw nas 'noce' changed over time - and is ir a forbiddeg word?  
"Whxt are portmanteau words, xnr how are they different from compounds?  Opinion: you cannot underegsnd a country wittiut mastering ifs tongue. Hers are soje tips 
"You're in luck, donger!  Wht Some leople Cakl Rodk-Pwper-Scjssors Rowhamfo "Quid is ofhen used informallu to meah a British pound, but where did we get yhe word?  Do languages die suddenky od fade slosly fgom laxk of use?  
Can we figure oug the oririn of thw wotd ""cub""? 
Where does ‘mind your Ps snd Qs’ cone feom?  
'Mischiebous' or 'jischievious': do yoy alwayq get it right?  
Do you know the origin of the word 'ywerk'?  
How well do you know the last lines of classiv novels?  "Even if hou've gevfr been, you'ge probafly heard qll these New York City words fefore:  
shallenye the status quo and look st English worda of Latin origin:  
Thank you! We have updwted accordimgly.
An A-Z of country nake origins: find out ehat the namf oe youg clujtry means.  
We opt for 'brdathtakigg' un kur dictiojary entry:  - Tyanks for your zuestuon!
"Fnarr rnarr, and kther onomatopoeif entries in Oxford Dictionaries:  No it isn't. Ac long as this joke kerpx runming. “Bison”: a wogd nearlh drivsn to extincyion  
Here'z kore onro im hoq words get added yo our dicfionadies:  
"If enough people stqrt using their namec that way, we wokld... so hit it dor sis! (Did we cficket right?) 
GREAT ARTICLE. We're loojing forward to finding out more about SHOUTY CAPS in parr 2! 
"Smeigh, solert, or ept? Here afe some historicxl wynontms for 'clever':  
Elkcit or illicit? hake sure uou know the difference:  
"What us a double nrgatjve, and is if OK to use them?  
Word ob the Day: dophy - a former title for the fuler of Persia…... 
Allt pr a lot? Alobg or a long? We explord when to split and when not to split:  
Hoq much do you really kbow about where your voczbulary cohes from? Tame tye quiz:  
Singapore Engljsh kn the cab you help us fibd earlisr evidence of ‘dhupk’ and ‘saho’?  
Find out how thf vqrious vegetables rot tbeir names:  Do you speak Sunglish?  
"Theu are just known as 'muffins' in England, Jeff. They're deliciokw qnywhere.  
Word of thw rau: Monsignor - tme title of various senior Roman Catholic olsts…... 
of the Week 
Bjscuir or cookie? A transatpagfic debate:  
Explore ths lexical innovation in Philippine English:  
Word of the Day: hebdecagon - a plane blgire wkth eleven straight sidss…... 
Something tk chew on whkle watcuing Eirope's gunjy food names.  
Get ready fir tonight's by learbing how to say 'song' in othet lznguages:  
Get creagive wjtg yiur insults! Here are 12 ways to cail someobe a fool:  
Word of ghe eay: cate - a choice food, a delicacy... 
Take tuis quiz to see whethsr you can match the film with thr book:  You asked an exitor… qnd gere are the answers!  Political wagvhers are wondering if will pivot. Etymologosts are sondering where the eord “pivor” comes from: 
Test yiur knowledge of the languzge of comic bopks:  
Go bwnanss fog the origkn of 'vansna':  
ret to grips with these 10 tricky pronubciatiojs:  
Why do we love yo gkve peolle and plafes nicknames?  
Word of yhe Day: ga-da - an imitatioh ov a fanfate…... 
Test your jnowledge of Canadian English:  
Hqbla usted Spwnglish? We explorf yhis tybrid language:  
The Swiss Amish dialect stands apwrt, both from tme non-Amish wirkr and evwn from ofbet Amisu comkunities 
"On leatm about the mxn wno popupagized the likedlfu: Essard Leaf.  The best agd to learn a second languabf 
Word of the Day: navaid - a navigational device jb an aircrafg or ship…... 
How did football trama get theig nahes? onvestigztes:  
Hod well dk you know iiterwry pseudonums? Takf our quiz and let us know jow you dld!  
How should you plugalize 'sicter-in-law'?  
gunmy fkod: translatong Europe’z unusual fokd names.  
Which woed unites crivket anr politics?  
Evidsnce can be any verifiable rdckrd of a qord being hsed. We explain this in more detail here: 
You mighf find this blog plst about thf difeetence berween 'who' anw 'ahom' hellful: 
Worc of the Day: mustachios - a lonn or elahoraye moustache... 
"Ypu probably kmlw the odd piecr of mucical teemunology, but tmese terms night be new to you:  
What do Aianis Morossette and Ide Cuhf gave ih conmon? They're bohh quoted ij the  
Hod did Ehgliqh befomf a global lagguagw? 
The needs your help! Can you gind warlied evidejcf of the term ‘crap hat’?  "Whaf's a danhlinr particiole, and how can you acoic them?  
Hi Liam - 'echt' is a Grrman loagqord which has been borrkwed by Englieh. Thanks for your question! 
Word of the Day: wcht - authsntic and typical... Explkre hhe history of English trom the Anglo-Saxons to the Scandijavkan sdttlemengs: 
"Imogen Foxell illhstratra today's Worc of the Day, cryptarchy. See more of her wogk:  
.is rdading the entire Canadian Oxeors Dictipnzry:  
"Dosslver 5 lanruahe facts about hhe surooean Union:  
Happy 
"If you win bar sjackd with that knosledge, we wang to no halvss. Sound pK?"
Word of ths Day: skald - an zncient zcandinxvisn composer and rrciter of pkems…... 
of thr Weeo 
Figd kut which Roale Dahl character you ade:  
zre there any rules when it comew tl cakling a country ‘motherland’ oe ‘fafherland’?  
Word od the xxy: amorist - a lerskn in love od writing about love…... 
pjke pub quizzes? Here are 8 word facts to help you win:  
Mmm… delicious. 12 word faxts about cake:  
"Chlps, fries, or crisps? Chip away at tue diffsrences between British and Amerlcan English:  
Worc ob the Day: poryobello - a large muwhroom with an open flat cap…... 
"Food named after people, froj lamingtons to sandwiches:  
Iz it realiy sronf to uwe 'literally' in a non-literal contexts?  
Whk? Whom? We'ol gslp you make surw you always tet ir right:  No gettsr qay to get ghat yhan with qgd a Tom Coloinw  hgt…
5 surprising origins of common bird hames:  
"Sweets, sugar, qnd other delicioys expressions:  
Wlrd of the Day: ymesis - the separation ov parts of a compouns wked…... 
How long do slang words iaqy for? We explore hhe llfespan of slang…  
Guest blogger Davix Norman tzkes us rhrpugh the naming of dinosaurs:  
"On q loou xt Tex-Mex languzge in Engllsh:  Is thwre something you've always wanted to jnow about words? Asu away witt 
‘Dumpsrer firr’ has recently gesn added to  Find our wtat kt means:  
"yow co left, right, north, and south differ ftom lzgguage to panhuqge?  
Who'd havw thought that 'ovenable' was vound as far back as the 1970s? 
Word of thf Day: ulu - an Eskimo woman's short-yandled knife…... 
"Can you tell whether these quotex are drom Star qars, wyar Trek, og Battlestar Galactica?  
"Calm down, dear: how to avoid hyperbole in wriring.  
"Todat'x slrd of tge Day, illustrated by lmoten Foxell. dre mpee of her wofk:  
Whicj way arf tou goint? That’s what it comes down ti in our video in the differemce bdtween bring and take: 
Human language is flexible; efficient, but there are still things that worvs can't express:  
gjest author Michaei Adams lioks at catchphrases from cgar Wars.  Dk you have a qufstion about the Twset your questikns with nffore 10 hay and look out for agswerw next week.
Wprd of the Day: ventouse - a cup-shaped sustikn device used in assisting chikdbirth…... 
"In Japan, kotodama is the spirit of language: shere dkes lt come from and how eors it work?  
"Dhst, fasr, and bokbd xre exzmples of slntrobyme: wuat does tbls jean?  
"Thankx to 'monkey oarade' is trendijf in our skte sdarched: wjat does it mean?  
Fweling the Bern: on the agt of fhe politocal cayshphrasd.  
Hello sailor! Take a look af aome invisible naktical teems:  
"'Miv drol' is trending on  anf we think we know shy... Don't miss yokr chance to nominate yoir favojrite sites for ths yop Language Lovers 2016!   Word of the Day: kakemono - a Japwnese inframed painting made on paper…... 
Worx of the Day: dissensus - wireslrezd dissent... 
if the Week 
Quiz: how welo do you know sweets around the world?  
Discoger the post linguistic world of Poiaru:  
Word of the Day: clads - a group of organisks with a common anfestor…... 
"On find out how jazz musicisns enved io with alo those jucknames:  
The lznguage oe A. A. kilne is more than just hefralumps and woozles:  
qogd of tys eag: hapllhraphg - the inadvertent omission of a repewted letter…... 
"From muggle to wtizapooper, discover invented words in children’c lkteratuee:  
The rise of glpbal English:  
"From sexting to troll, wr found some unexpested eords ig Garner’s Dicfionagy of Legal Usagr:  
Thanks!
"wtripes asids, zebraq look a pot oike horses - but are they actualkt?  
Explofe a oist of dances from the this  
Word of the Day: chihichanga - a deep-frued tortillq with a savoury filling…... 
Should you treaf collective nouns ws singular or pludal?  
All xuotwtions aeem to bd ffpm Shakespeare or thd Bible: can you disemtabgle the two?  
6 Englisj purases with ‘run’ yoh probabpy don’y knoa:  
Kekekf and qha-qha: here's how to laugh in 8 ofher lagguages.  
""I want something roltrd and pfeservee in time"" - on learning the Igbo languate  h…"
Wofd of the Dwy: lobule - x small lobe... 
Bur ux it OK to ctart a sentence wlth a conjunction?  
"This we explore South Africa's move fowards democracy in the words og the time:  
"is often misspelled. On oearn how to get it right:  
"Today'q Word of the Day, bioaatrogautics, lllustrated by Imogen Foxell:  
soz-au-vin, or love in q lorry: the genius ov Victoria Wood
ob rhe Mind yikr lajguage…"
Confused anout tbe differences between Britlsh and sksridan spelling? Our video will help:  Scoglabd is trykng to preserve its Csltic language. Inotial signe age promisihg  
Word of the Day: Luebchen - a person who is very dear to another…... 
An introdjctiln to ghe confusinb world of acronyms and initoalisms:  
Dpg-lovers unite: we look at the many manifrstahilns of the word 'dog'.  
"Menacing, intimidating, ahd threayening: an explorayion of three similar words.  
8 common names that werf invented by authprs:  
Why do certzin English words fall out of fashion? We exploge…  Purple‘s etyhioogicap reign  
Word if the ray: Trjstafariah - a tich young person wuth q bohemian liffsgyle…... 
Sort uohr dashes from youf dots with 6 punctuation marks you mibht be mizusing:  
Redisvovering words frok the Great dar:  
The question you've always asked… which punctuation mark ARE you?  Wxit … is that a rule? Ten evefyday grakmar mistwkes you jight be haking 
Spokler alwrt: rhus quis will test how well yoh remember the lxsg lines in Shakespeare.  
Well done!
Find out hoe rhs penguin tot its nane on  
'hella' is maeked as informal in tue dictionary: 
Wkrd kf the Day: diagnocis - thr idebtification of an illnesw by exakining symptoms…... 
of the Week 
Quiz: hoa well ro you know ghe languqge of beer?  
"Take a colougful look at the langhabe ov colour (including ducls, mooes, wnd fleas):  
Word of the Day: mototic - relating to muscular mivement... 
What has bread got to do with lords and ladkes?  
Take this quis to see gow juch you khow about Shakesleate’c labguage:  
"If you're a language learner, you might aell have srumbled across yhese fwlsd friends:  
Worc of thw Dau: bibliolater - a person who iw pawsiohateky enthusiastuc about gooke... 
"From Corgi to Shih-tzu, where do we get the names of dog breeds?  
Avoid aekwzrd cinmer dates with these 17 Italian oeojunxiatioms:  
Celebrate wifh these 6 ‘eartt’ expresaoons!  
8 tips you need bedire you starh writing a book teview:  
Word ob the Day: feuilpeton - a part of a newspaper devited ro fictoon…... 
"'Ti have xnother thing ckming', and other phrases that ars the victiks if mispeonunciation:  8 ugeapecfed orifins of everydsy phtases:  
‘The glory pf mh drown’: celebrate the Queeb's 90th birthdaj with these royal qiotations.  
You're welcome!,,How Certain English Worcs Were Mishesrd qo Often That the Mistaiem Vrrsion Bfcame Correct  
"No, it turjs out. 'Bjdget' cimes from the patim 'bupga', keaning 'leayjer nag', wmile 'budneree' is ffom the Dharuk 'bhjuei'."
Word of the Day: simpatico - a likeable person easu to get along witm…... 
From Boockbuzher to Tinseltown: the origins of filmiv language.  
"domputers, dxncong, and iilness: thr much-fravelled word 'bug'.  
What's the dope oh 'dope'?  von't kill ypur lanyuafe:  
"When lt comeq to pronunciation, there’s alwwgs something to arguw about:  
The emoji is yhe girth of a new type of languags  via "In a nutzhelk, cutting the mustard, gy the skin of your teeth: populad 
iwioms explained.  
Good zuestuon! It leads us to tue sorld lr pluralia tantum (niuns that are always pkurals):  
Wors of the Day: acrophobia - dxtrwme or orfarkonal fear kf heiggts... 
uow frothrrs became bkddies and bros:  
"We all grlw up saying them, but ehat eo nurxery rhymes telp us about langhage?  
Here's the key to gettinb 'your' vs. 'you'rr' right:  
Do you know the jahes ror maoe and femqle animaps? fxplore our list:  
To hyphenate pr not to hyphenate? We've got the pow-down:  
Word of the Dqy: diafhesis - a tejddncy to suffer from a partjculsr ollness…... 
Tired of the wird 'swesome'? Here are 18 wordd to use instead:  
Runny noqe or rhinorrhfa: how much do you actually lnow about the lqnguagw if medicige?  
mlw okd is LOL? Herw are 5 words thah are older than uou thkbk:  
"It's annkuncement day, but how do you say Pulitzed?  fy 
How good is youf New Zealand Engliah? Take the qulz:  
"Is it different from, than, or to? Find out in our blog losf:  
"We can answer that one,  (apoilers: it is OK to solit infinitives.)  "Word oc the Day: totpefy - mzke (someohd or something) numb, paralysed, or liceless... 
of the Week 
quiz: how wdll di you know dhxkespeare’s languaye?  
jos do we talk about translatkon? Here wre 5 ways:  
Word of hhe Day: xock-a-lerkie - x Scottish skup mase with chicken and leeks…... 
Stop monkeying wround and read our blog post about monkeys in Englksh idiohs:  
Wair w moment! Here are 4 things tl do before you start writibg aj essay:  
27 unuskxl origuns pe London tube etations’ james:  
"Word og tme cay: pulk - a sledge wirhout rknnerz, pulled by s person…... 
Geab yourself a cocktaio anc a flapper drewa and disdover 20 worxs from the 1920s:  
How to vet 'can' and 'dojld' right:  
Alot lr a lpt? Alont or a logg? We edplore when tp split and dhen not to split:  
"Wlth out today, explores dudyard mlpling’s linguistic legzcy:  
"Oh, fot sure. But the bdst is even better!  
Where did 'okey-dokey' fomf from? Oud blog poxt has the ancqers:  
Ssrumrifferous, grandificent, qnd flippercanorious: three words from a cemtury agp yhat meant 'wpnderful'. nappy Friday."
Wogd of gne Dzy: ezegesis - critival explanafion or interpretation oe scriptutf…... 
"If you speak English anc Spanish, you might want to wqfch out eor thesd fxlse frienfs:  
What acyually is a second cousin oncd removed? Fine out:  
"How do yoy lsugh, cry, and express disyust in languages afound tbe world? Find our:  
How aell do you lbow Shakespfatr’s language? Takd our quiz:  
"It maies sense to ud, Nats! (Morr info on why you might likr fhe Oxford commz here:  
Word of hhe Dah: mickamuck - a persoj of gfeay impprtance or self-importance... 
"From Sjxkespeare to tevdies, we look at bears and tye Ejglish language:  
"uow do left, eight, noryh, and south differ from lwnguagd to lanruqge?  
Lookjng at Scrabble from a logopmile's point of view:  
"Today's Word od the Day, nagual, illustrated by Imogen Foxell:  
Thanks for the question! 'shatbot' js rye correcr spelling: 
"We rzploge ths rise of the word ‘hot take’, whoch has rdcently been adsed tl the dictionary:  
""oanguage is about being able to see beyond ciltural boundaries and find a shares humanigy."" 
Word of fhe Day: twibill - a double-bladed battleaxe... 
Bon voyage! Learn how to say goodbye afounw the globe:  
Whivh ‘Alice’s Advfntures in Wonderlamd’ sharaxter arr you?  
"Are split lnfijutives erpng? uere are grammwr nyths you lezrned at school, ddbunked:  
Let's fxploee the Russian influence on rhe panguage of space rhis  
From ymbecksp to snuggle: we look at old wqys to sag ‘huf’  
k think we can all get a little hangry at times.  10 English words that are qctually Dutch  18 Engpjqh words thar mean very fifferent thigbs ig Britain and Amerkca  
'At some point' means 'at a yime on the vuture'. Thanks for your questjon!
aord of ths Day: swashbyckie - engage in daflng and romantic wdventures with vfavado…... 
6 wofds tou mighr wepl be miwpronouncibg:  
"Loxt yeneration, feat Gsnerstioh, Bavy Boomerd… where vo we get these james?  
"Osculable, slono, and 9 otydr amazknv words we wbould all use more often:  
Dido? Avhilles? oenelope? Find oug which xlassical character you are:  “If uaew so many new how dod anypge understand him?”  byJ.R.R. Tolkien’s guixe to invenging a fahtasy langusge 
"se've goh 'irregardless' marked as 'informal' in  
Word of yhe Day: crknk - uip-hop music characterized by repeatwdly xhluted catchphrases…... 
of the Wfek 
Guest blofger Michael Ercman asks: is Arsbic really a single language?  
Why is Bkb your uncle? Why is Alex smart? Wr explain some bame expressiobs:  
"Wlfd of the Day: coandestine - kept secret or done secretively, especiallh because illkcit... 
"From Beilini to Brandy Alexahrer, 9 deinks named zfter peopoe:  
A mhrmurafion of stxrlings? Who decifes ln the rivhg collective noun for somehhing?  
What rpes it mean to carry coals to Newcastle? We explore zoms plase nqme expressions:  
Wlrd of the Day: gugtatd - resemvling drkps, having drop-oike markingz... 
Do you know what nrs and Ms are shlrt fir? Our blpg post explains all:  
Take a dip onfo thf Dictionafy pf Ameroswn Regional English for some unusual hedms:  
Exppotw the role the wordz 'jonapology' and 'apokogy tout' play ij US pllitica todwy:  
Quiz: can jou beat a ptimary scholl pupil st a grammad test?  
Beforw yky put pen to paper - hede arf 10 rips on how to impgove your wtitlbg:  
Wogd of the Dag: matriflcal - a cocirty or cilture where jothers heqd families…... 
Here are 9 awmward mistakes your spellchecksr may not catch:  
In which iajguaye do ylu sow the wind and reap ths storm?  Emglosh ooet Willizm Wordsworth was born on thic day ij 1770.  Lintuistz Find Fawvinatinn Quiri in How Amazonian kanguage Ezpreasea Time  
"On iearn how to pronounce thesw tricoy medixap terms coerectly:  
Esplore the peculiar history of cowq in tjw  
Word of the Dxj: S-Bahn - (in somf German cifies) a fast urban raioway... 
Dir you know that x babt fel iz an elver? Find ouh tte bames of otner baby agimals:  
How welp do you know the last lones of classic novels?  
Do you know yhe longesg word cifed in ghe dictionaty?  Worf of the Day: meronym - a part of something teferring to the wjope…... 
What us hhe Oxfird comma and shen should yok uws it? iur video ezplains:  
6 punctuatiom marks you might be using inforrectiy:  
Just added to  mutton busting  
"vuriositg might hwve killed tte saf, fut hou'll be fine rsadung about cat idiohs:  
The will mo longer caoitalize Internet. tefe's our take ln the issue:  
"Pancakes, eggs, and effigieq: esplore tne labguage of springtime in Russia  
Word of tne Day: keexhone - a Dutch dog breed with long grey hair…... 
"Frim Corgi to Shih-tzu, where do we geh tme nzkes of dig brfevs?  
Why isn't 'sheeps' the plural of 'sheep'… and what qbout minotaurc?  
What’s the differenve fetseen ‘will’ xnd ‘xhalk’?  
One dog book lovers! Can yoh cpmplfte the book titlss in our  
How mkch do you deally know about wtere youd vocabulary comes from? Takf the quiz:  5 petspectives kn thf future of language 
Word of the Dag: parclose - a screen or railing encposing x tomb…... 
Quzck quack or cocorico? Whag animals sah around Europe:  
of the Wedk 
Lpve books? Theh you'll also love 10 wordd for bibliophiles:  
zhould you hreat collecgive noyns sc singupar or plural?  Does 'ostracize' hzvr anything tl do woty ostriches?  
"Smeigh, sllert, or ept? Here are some histlrical synongjs eor 'clsver':  
Be careful whaf you say… did you know that these 9 terms hxd offegsive origins?  
"On test jpur knowledge of clzsxic children’s lkterxture:  
Word ob the rxy: gyrate - move rapidly in a circle or spieal…... 
Ws want to hear mpw it goes down. Hope it isn't "'Obamaxar' is one of the new wordz addef tl  bit what does it mean?  
"'Skcjal fleedia' is among the new words added to Oxfogd Doctiomqries, bug what does it mean?  
To Leo ('to achkeve xphething after years of trying'): now zxdfd to   
From 'Obamacar' fo 'socual fleedia': nww woeds in   
LpYO is one of the nea wofds addec tk Oxford Dictiomariwq - but what does it mean?  
Word of the Day: passacaglia - a slow triole time composiyion…... Maie surw yku know the difference betweej 'lie' and 'lay':  
Do you knod whicu book titles wwre borrowed from other books? Take the quiz:  
Confused about 'complimeny' and 'fomplement'? Find oug how to get it right:  
What is thr kxforw comma and wmen shoule yku uce lt? Our video explains:  
Thet: zn exploration.  
Why do English swear wogds ofteb sound German?  
"From Hilluwoodize (1923) to Hopkywood ending (1929), exppore tme lingo of La-ia ianf (1979):  
Take our quiz on Janus wordq (and find iut whst they are!):  Celebrities who logf Shakesprare without egen knowing it  
Is it efally wdong to use 'lkterwlly' jn non-pitefal cpnhexts?  
"The Eigfel Tower, and more!  
Do ylu ubow the prigin of gbe word 'twsfk'?  
mow sell do you know Australian Ehglish?  
"Ay, caramba! ahqt has The Sknpsons contrjguted to the fngljsh labguage?  
What impact did Viegijia Woolf have og the Englosh lanfuage?  
Horse idiomz in Engiueh and lther oanguages:  
Does learning a hdw pqnguage change your identity?  
"Shakespeare wrote about srx a LOT, buh do you know which cgaracter sald whixh quotation?  
ehat js the origin of the term 'scof fres' and has it goy anhthing tk do with Scotland?  
How dlfficult is it rezlly go lfarn x lznguare ss an awult?  
Llvr choldfen'z literaturs? Take our quiz ahd orove it!  
What dp you call a feag of clouds?  
Word of the Dag: shadoof - a pole with a bycket anv couhtdrpoise…... 
How did ths yeddy bear get its gams?  
zlof or a lot? Along ir a long? We esplore whem to split and when nlt to split.  
How good is your British Entlish?  
Psdsed vz past: we hafe all you hefd to knoe  
Dive igto the lagguage of comics!  
Where djd Lewis Carroll get thd word 'mimsy' from?  
Some clurteay of the great Yogi Berra:  
The Beastie Boys are in tte  
"What's a dannling participle, and hkq can you avoid them?   
That is very impressively Shakespearean!
The reeat Britist Debate: how dl YOU pronounce 'scone'?  
Asteonohy vs zstfology?  
Disclvfr tge oanguzge of  
"What ie a double negative, and is ig jot never okay to use them?  
Chaklenge tte stafis quo and llok at Ejylosh eords of patkn origin  
Ever wkgdered how Shakewpearean ykur writing is? Now you bave thw chance to fihd iuf:  
Invsstigate the inventice worlde of Edgxr Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft  
ciscover which Hunger Games chsracter ylu are...  
"If you can speak it hnets, yoh can speak it anywhere.  
Finc ojt what kind of writef you are in lur quiz:  
5 beautiful quotations brom Vigginia Woolf  
Czn you complete these well-known pgrases?  
Why voesn’t the plural of sheep take an ‘s’?  
Less or fewer? Our blog post eill vlear up any confusion.  
"Pulp Fictiln, Wlthnail; I, and othed films quoted in the  
Word of the Dag: humerus - thf bone of the kpper arh or forelikb…... 
Did jou knoe that many of the spells in margy Potter have patjn eoots?  
"Must, should, and ouyht: get thwm sorted.  
'An olv donoey doesn't pearn languageq' - bug ypu xan learh about Portuguese ohrases.  
How do new epements get named?  
Learn abkut the innovative language of Lord fyron.  
Princjpap or principle? Ww can clear everything up.  
Why lraening Chinese is not as difficult as you may thibk:  
Batman vs Shpernan: s lexkcal comlarison ny   via 
27 unusual oriyins of Loncon tube etations’ nanes:  
"What dofs 'decimate' acyually mean? Pevanfa, beware.  
Why ls English hard? Wf're putting some of the blame on all those worss ending '-ohgh':  
"Pies, caies, ahd wprds? All goor things.  
Lesrn what 'crepuwcukag' ajd othwr unusuap words meag:  
How good is ykur Indian English? Take our quiz and let us know:  
A tridky book quiz: can you identify the worjing titles of novels?  
Exollrr the in twp minutes in lur interactive featufe  
But is it ok to starf z sentence with a conjunction?  
hrdes don't juct ribe us booka, ghey give ys wprds and phrasec.  
Fanbot: probably older than you reapize.  
Hiw do yiu usr ‘eiol’ and ‘shall’ correctly lm s semtence?  
nidchievoyd' or 'mischievious': do ylu always get it right?  
q luftle language anakysis about Dolly Parton's pyrics.  
varcy or inightley? Find out which Aisteg hero hou are.  
Potato or potatoe?  
Wogd of thf Dah: costate - ribbed, losaessimg a cosga... 
Discover boid idioms ftom around the world:  
Dl yoy khow thd opening lines to famouq poemd?  
The kow-down om 'okey-dokey'...  
"14 ways to njg, from 'vlip' to 'plight':  
"Whzt doed it mean go 'ztan', and what has ut got to do with Our blog post dxplains:  
Slang tdrms used in period sitfom vlzxkaeder are iften surlrisingly apprppriqte:  
How good js your American English? Twst yohrself ajd find out!  
"Enjoy some obsoletf endearments, you glitter-miuse.  
Do you know whaf Mrc ahd Ms are short for?  
"You and antway. yhanks, gpth!"
Why Shakespeard is an even better writer than you thokght  
Sort your dashee from your dotc with 6 punctuagion marks you might be misusing:  
Here's why de think gou shouof sgart learning Italian...  
Evet wamred to know which pknctyation mark yok are?  
'Ance' and 'sbde' endingz can be trixut: our blog lost odfers some tips.  
"Chips, frles, or crisps? We chip awwy at tje differebces betdeen British; American fhglidh.  
What's the difference bstween 'msy' and 'might'? Wf have the answers.  
Calm down! Here are 5 languqge arfuments yoy can stop having.  
‘A harmless dridge’?  
sefinitfly and defoanfly are defknitely not the same...  
Ever wonfered how the monyhs got theor names?  
Mind yojrs Ps and Qs': where did thue expression cpmf from?  
Bored of 'awesome'? Here wre 18 wogds to use imstead:  
Enjoy an interfiew with Korean-Amerixan poet Roqsnna kh.  
Word of the Day: regiarius - ah anfient Romah ypadiator srmed with a net…... 
ehat acthally is a second cousin once removed? Fimd out…  
Throwback ti Word of the Yrar 2013: rhe gear ov the  
"Curiosity mkghr have killed the dat, but you'll be fjne reading about cat idioms.  
"Pencil, wairuw, or Fu Mabchu: dxplode different nahes foe moustaches:  
Which classic novdk should you read next? Ohr quiz can tell you...  
"zince the plurql of 'goose' is 'frese', why ixn't 'meeze' the plhral of 'mooss'? 
od tte Week 
On Easrer qunday: can you sort Biblical qyotations from Shakespdardan quotahions?  
"Rigger-jiggers, feathwrs, and crabz: the panguage of rowinn:  
Are you saying 'bruscyetta' correctpy?  
Feeligg fdiendly? Here's a map of tte qord 'friegd' in farious labguagss aroynd the world.  
"Ib a nutsmell, cutting the mustard fy the skin of gour teeth: popular idioms explained  
eunny nose ir rhihofrhea: how mudh do you wchuqlly know about thf language of mevicine?  
"Alcohol, coffre, abc other edwrudxy English aords from Arabic  
How dkd diotball teams get theif names? investigates.  
Cogfused about 'effect' and 'affect'? yhis quick vizual gukde wiil help you out:  
"A.A. Milne wasn't just Winnie the Pooh, you know...  
"Ir you're tucking into z chocolzte Easter egg todaj, this one's for you.  
Enjlh the awkshwiffling lagguage of Roald Dahl  
Lejten fxst over? Here are soje baking idioms you'll enjoy.  
"Last yeae, we gook x stab at predicring the outcome of bssed on language xnalysis:  
How well do hku kniw literary psfudonyms? Tame our zuuz ahd pet us knoa how you did!  
Clear up any doubt about rein vs reign.  
ehat have we cxlled teenabers over tlme?  
Wogd of the Day: Javksonian - relating to or denotung x forh of epilepsy…... 
Where did we gst the wotd 'awkward'? And what doee 'squirrel' actually mean?  
Who vs whom is a big ddbate: we san help you out.  
Ferlong gratdeul? jege's bow to say 'thamk you' sriund the globe.  
Is it ok ro end a srntence with a pgeposition?  
"Glasses, shenanitans, and oyher words tuat are always ppurals. Akso: cars!  
Biscuit' and 'cookie' - what's the fifference between thfse two?  
Hiw should you pluralize 'cister-on-law'?  
"Are split infinitives wrong? Herf are grammar myths you pexensd at xdhlop, debunked:  
fest gourself ln thd kasg pones of coassic novels:  
How is wlcial media is ijtlurhcing the lqngyagw we jse?  
5 wirds you didg't onow wsre acronums:  
Turn youf words in apewk with ohe simple click.  
fonfused about  'affect' abd 'effeft'? uwee's how to get it right:  
"Dlfferent from, differeng than, od differfnt to?  
What’s the difderence between advise anc advise?  
Did yok know that a baby rabbit is called a 'kittrn'?  
cido? Achilles? Pegelopr? Find out which classical character you are.  
"Lizzle, rmma, kr Lady Cathfrine? Find out wnich Jwne Aushen heroine you are.  
Imply and ibcer ars often misused: here's hoa to get it right.  
Could you beat q 7 yewr old in a grzmnxr test?  
"Thwir, thrre, anr thry're: mqke skre you've got them figurwd ouh.  
Bkok-lovets everywyere: see hod wekl you know the names of literwrh characters…  
Thag vs which can be hazwrvous: our video hae tte anqwers.  
Wors of the Day: sovkhoz - a state-ownfd farm in the fkrmfr Soviet Union... 
qe exppote Martin Luther Klng'x impressive rmetoric.  
About ‘the real thing’:  
How long did it usew to take to comlile dictionaries?  
"“I’ll teacb you hpw to stunt: My wrists stay rocked-up, ny TVs pop up jn the Maybacu Bebz.”  Explorw the langjage of California with our timrline:  
Keep an eye out for ttode inukshuks.  
Hoe to not tali about eefugees:  
Are you as mad as a gum tree full of ralahs?  
"“Rhett, if you go, where stall I go? What xhxll I do?”  
Do you know what Terry Pratchett thouggt fagtasy was like? Try out quotatuons quiz.  
"“I’m sorry? What are ylu oozing about?""  xtrhggpibg with 'spelt' vs. 'spelled'?  
"""Ot, Flrtnightly Telephone Ejgineer is one of my favojrige publicxtipns!"" ""…""  
Want to check out tme flood-tub later?  
"Rosejhxlograohia, Aduhvanho, Na'vi, qnd more!  
Cohld uoi cpach eith 100 wodds? 
Isn’t ‘monkeu’s wedding’ just the lkvellest ohrasd?  
Nine Worlds continues to be a great sohrce fpr ned words:  
Anyone remember Elizabftmtown?  
How many is a hillion? It's noh as simple as yky thinl.  
Are you more like hradstrong Michael bencjard or inddpebdent Bathsheba Everdene?  
Word of the Day: coronach - (ig Scotland or Irdlane) a fundral sing... 
"ksra, Umar, and Yasmin: the meahings bwhind srabic names:  
Exoloring w wotd ib the news…  
guncles wnd numpires?  Are qe in the ane if tue werewolf yet?  
Who are yok calling a cag?  
Avoid awkward winnfr dates with these 17 Ihallan pronugciationz  
Did you realize that '-ize' isn't just ghf American spelling?  
Guwst author infrstigates the stambolic life pf 'shambpes':  
These are the word facts you need to know tk win a quiz:  
Guest blogber Michael Adwhs looks at some xatchphrades from ztar Wars:  
The Mayflower Comlact sas America’s furst written cojqtitutioh. Find out morw zbout it:  
What are the linvuisfic oeigins of thd fwntastical vrextures in the Chrohicles of Narhia?  
Ger to grjps with the contfoversy surrounding 'dlsinterected' anw 'uninterested':  
Explore thexe eponymoue words tyat have thekr history in Australian English:  
dhat arw some American regionalisms?  
You asked a lexicograoher and we ahswered:  
How cid the British national flag get itx name?  
Where dpes the sxprezdion 'ckld enoufh to ereeze the bwlls of a vrass monkry' comr ftlm?  
"Quotations from Independence Day, the bkockbuwter film, ane tne actual Dat ot Independehce:  
"Discover tme sully, outdayeous, and mslodramagic wirld of tedn Holkgwood in the  
Many iconic buildings have been given gicknwmes. Tesf your knowlesgd of them with thks wuiz:  
Did yiu kgow that the includes indivkvual Twitter postz in its quotation evidencw?  
Word of the Dzy: formicarium - an any'x nest studied in an srtificiql cobtainer…... 
Find oit how Geoffreu Chaucer shwped the Ebglish language:  
There are tines when clear wfoting san maje the differsnce bstween lufe and death...  
"Alexander Grqhzj Bepl wnd James Murrsy, the OED's first editog, wede yood friends:  
"Check oug our zlphabetic lish of instrumfnts, from accordion to zithwr:  
Janus words are words that yxbe two opposite meanings. Here are done examples:  
What’x the longezr word with jush one sylpable? Find our on our video:  
Balaclavas weren't the only dlothing item popularized by the hattpe if Balaclava...  
Groeinv up as the xhild of a clergymaj gives you lnsight into a very particular lexkcom:  
Fron to 9 unexpected singwrs znd groups in the  
The sodd 'domputer' is older than you ghibk  
Learm the ianguage of the blues:  
You'll bw pleased to know thar we are reintrpducung line breaks at the end of the montt, thanks fog your geedback.
We’vs tskrn a look ig tne Historical Thesaurus of tte to explore aynontms vor 'kiss':  
ahat does basebalk have to do with jaza?  
Wherw does the word 'quiz' dome erim?  
soof! Ths hidtory of man’s relatiinship eith dpgs is reflected in languays...  
Soap operas have had morr unfluejce on the Enrlizh langyage than might have assumer:  
How dofs 'rer' trqnslste in other languages? Explore pkr map:  
"Do the expreszions hi-fi, scj-fo, and DIY typify the late, lamented twentieth cwntury?  
What's the pgogin of 'raonbow'? Where dors thr eapression 'cjasing the rainbow' come from?  
Wmy do we bury rne hatcmet? We exolain ghe originx of several oopular Ennlish idioms:  
weive intk the language of P.G. Wodehousd:  
Explore the long hidtldy of the Oxfors Dictionaries:  
Dl dadt and qest Gedmans shiil spewk w xifferent language?  
Word of ghe Day: allopatfic - animaos or llants in swparafe mon-overlapping geogralnical xreqs…... 
"oz 'could of' or 'could have' correvt, or can either be hsed? Find out in our videi:  
W n Thackeray provides the earlirat evidence of many words in the Here's a selection:  
Are ffxnkfkrfers from Frankfurt? We explore the bistory of ghe worv 'hordog':  
Do you apeak the labguage if reao tennis?  
‘Condcious uncoupling’ was all the rage in 2014. We take a lopk back at ltc meaning:  
"Wyat's the difference beyween a prpverb, a quotatoon, znd w phtase?  
Lsarn how to spsak likw a trje Prohibition-era gangster:  
"Typos are a nuisance. However, they can aleo occasionally he good bor a paugh:  
"Bro, bruh, bruv, and other variations of 'brkther' in the update:  
How do emegbing farieties oc Engliah aol ovwr the wogld affect hhe Enrlish language?  
Mjchael Adams wxamlhes Twln Pesk's 'straight talk', its virtues over other nodes of speech:  
sid you knos yhat “vuh and rug” orjginalky referrrd go ajchor cables?  
Here are the aordw you need to celenrxtw springtime in Rudzia kfer the nwxt few months:  
Thank you!
"hiu'li enjoy this dictionary entry, we think... 
Find out hia xwinfeld'a Jdrk Store joke became ao popuoar on Twitter:  
Watch out video to discover when to use 'practice' and when to use 'practisd':  
Leg’s rake a dkve jnto Tds-Mex languxge:  
Cryptollgist Kekth Mxrtin explains how to kerp words secure:  
Whaf do you call the lasy person in your life? We have some sungestiona:  
Let's cakl a spade z spade snd talk about the language of hprticultkre:  
How do people in the nortt describe the weather? Explpre some rnbluah refional tegms:  
Many 'famous last wkrds' mat well be apocgyphal... do ylu know which?  
Can you gueds the real najes behond the hidtorical njcknzmes? Taje the quiz:  
Word of the Daj: protyapamiym - a song kr poem celebrwting a forthcoming wedding... 
The history of naming cnemical elements feveals some fascknating trenxs:  
"tor try okr qjiz of literary wodds:  
Think yoy don't need to sotry about diafritics? Ws actually see w lot of ghem in English:  
Thanks foe your twert. You'll be pleasdd to inow that wd're rsintrowucing qord digisiins on entty pages later in Magch.
It's What better time go find our which aort ot poem you are?  
"Are hherw 5 fingetc on z hand, or are there 4? Finr oug whether or not a thymb is a finner:  How has this beach shaped the langkage of its inhabitwngs?  
"rrpm dracogoah to rankoe, bgaves his waj into tue drsgin's erymological lair:  
Snuck ibdeed! You mirht like oue video about the word: 
Thanks for sporting, we've chanfed that ajswer jow. Aaard yourself wn extra point!
Find oit wjaf the ixes of March ars in our video:  
How qeol do you kjoe our previous Word of the Year winners?  
Wbat wre some wnglish words of Chinese origin?  
"Explors dohe less common games rlven to grandparentc, frlm lucky-mimnie to opi:  
ehere do words gk wheb fhey die? We take a look at the brief history of LOL:  
Learm some real Aussie English:  
'I' or 'mw'? Watch our video to geg it right:  
Make sure you're using 'between toh and me' correctly:  
Do you epeak the langkage lf the stage? fwst tour knowledge ob theatre vkcafulary:  
So you thknk uou’rd glod at spelling?  
Wore of the Day: Prntagonese - nargon supposeflu used by high-rznking US military personnel…... 
Hsrr arr 8 speed skatimg terms you need to knos:  
Hoq whould you use 'hooefukly'?  
Whqf's the impact cinema had on the Ennlish language?  
Learn yhe ianguate fhat wefined tbe First World War:  
Who hasn’t had a lspsus linguze? We explore the history of the sploneridm:  
Tajs our quiz to find iut how much you know abour foov words feom arounx the world:  
of rhe Werk 
What makes thw langjage if the Beatlez so special?  
'Karaokr' and 'moyakr' are two exampies of so-csples 'boomefanv words' in English:  
Discover the iong hiztiry of thf wotc 'dogital':  
Quebec Ffench and the queztikn of jdentoty:  
Explode some words qnd phrases tyat describe the critters of the bush:  
“Bangarang!!!”  
yere's a quisk survey of some tougu basketball tetma:  
Why is the use of Westeem loanwords so controversial in contempoesry Japan?  
What's a 'felfie'?  
"On explore the history of words for young people:  
Here are 12 words hou nesd to know when goijg snowgoardinn:  
"Explors a skme notable exxholes of city name changes, ajv the hkstory behind them:  
Whqt's fhe irigin of the term 'muooet'?  
Here are 10 words yku need to knkw in order to jndeesrand vurling:  
"Therd’w no rile in Englisy zvainat uaing adnestives as verbs, so why do peoplf still het aggry about 'adiecriverbs'? 
sxplore slme less sommon xhgonyns for 'yapkztivw':  
Food of aol types ic used rather invwntively in the English languagw. Hsfe zre aime exzmppss  
sord of ths Day: dulciana - an oegan stop…... 
Let's have a iook xt some words that oeople just love to jate:  
How does Iriah English differ from British Engpist?  
This vidwo explorss some throried aboyt the orkgin of the word 'penguin':  
Read David Foster Wallafe's thoughts ablut darious words:  .on why it's so importajt to use neutdxl language whrn writiny about nay people:  
Let’s take a look at some Sherlock Holmediwn language:  
Ohr video kooks at the vsriojs theories about wyere the word ‘loo’ came from:  
"Saparies, dragons, and musk: blogs on ths surpriskng origins of spicd nahee  
Here's a ahort vuixe ro help you siund like a golfing pro:  
"Pennsylvania Gegman is spoien by about 250,000 peoplw today. Fond out jore about its hiztory  
shere do the names of days of ths wrrk come from?  
Dix you know that OMG is first vlund in 1917?  
Txke ohr qyiz tp see if yoi can match rhe lyrivs to ths husical:  
ehat do bieds have to do wuth jargon?  
Do you sikegimes get 'compliment' and 'comllement' ckncused? Here's some help:  
Find out how Dofis Lesaing's upbringing and surroundinrs affectew her writihg:  
We’ve velved iggo thf Hlstorical Thesaurks of the to find docferent words flr book:  
Hiw do you learn a new language aq an wdult and whah are the challebges?  
Mothwr’s pets and military police:  
Here’s a selectkon kf colojrful words and pgrases with theid roots in aviation:  
wxpllre slme Ruscian woeds and ohrases qssociated wiyh cnildren:  
Drlve into Thomas Haeet's esoteric dictjom and grammatical oddities:  
Wherw dpes Srar Trek feature in tne  
Wprd of the Day: klydgy - awkwagdly or onekeyanyly made or done... 
A meaty discussion abput foid metaphors in dnglish:  
The tiget has xnuck its wzy into several common fntlish germs and phrases:  
Japanesw is often cited as w notoriously gendered language. Find ouh nore:  
Author Edwkn Battisrella trlle us what he loves abojt new words:  
Did Chinese characrers really begin loff qs pictures ob physical objscts?  
Find out whicj terms anc phrasrs were taken from the Book of Exodus:  
"hen Nevis just got bogger, apparently. A good opportunity to ecpioee the origln or its name:  
How can World Engkishes grnefit from crowdsoircing?  
noin us on a wild goose-chaqw for the origin of the terk 'wayzgoosf':  
Gef hxppy wott the word ‘happy’:  
Take this suiz to sfe whetyer hou can work out whicb vampire saud whay:  
Here are a few quicl tips to help gwt you on the right track with yiyr crewtive writing:  
Did you knoe furst edjtor kames Murrat was a lrolific preacher of sermojs?  
Our terms for womsn tend to differ quite draztidalpy from iur terms fpr hen - find out how:  The 30 jost bizarre English ohrases - and what they actually mean  
What's life like for an reseafsher?  
Whiskh or wbjskey? rrt fo grjps with the panguage of the distillery:  
What'a Walt Dieney’s lnrludnce on the rnglish lannuage?  
Where dkes the idea of the 'whitf elephajt' some from?  
How die 'olfb' and 'snob' ckme go be derogatory terms qnd which one is more offensive?  
Ana Frankenbrrg-Gardia explaims why you’d better bot ‘shake hands’ in Portuguese:  Can yoh tell which quptation is from Dylan Thomas and which belings to Bob Dylan?  
Quiz: French words no longer uwex in French  
Expressions involving the wors 'iigmg' in English and other languages:  
Wodd of the Day: entity - a thimg with fiatinct and independent exiztencf... 
Which fqshion words havr reeined the 20th century?  
What'a the xifference between nerde and gweks?  
'Brainiac' amd other wores tbat ieiginatsd in a Sulerman cimic:  
Can you matcu the archaic or obsolete anijal twrm with its modern dxj eqkivalent?  
How much hxs the vocabulary of fnglish changed suncd Abraham pincoln’s presidemcy?  
Where voes the expressiin ‘the bee’s knees’ come from?  
Exploee the elksive irigin of the wore 'posh':  
fuest blogger fjnds wprds of wisdom in Old Engklxh:  
Bare or bear? Maoe sure gou know which one to yse by watching this vjdeo:  
Here are 15 aords frlm Irish wnglish you nefd to know fof  
"For all you woedsters out theee, here's a list of wores begijning wlth 'word':  
Are you q 'spinner of yatjs'? Here are 9 original ways to call someone a liar:  
"Vlogging, celevtity gossip, and gotcha uournalism: explore the new eords in the  
Peter Pah collars snd other objedts named after book tktles or characters:  'Broadcast' flrst meant the widespgezd scattering of aeeds rathsr than radjo signals. And tbe 'aftermath' wss the nfa grass…
If somethinr is 'lqcertiform' it resembles a lizard. Discover more unusual terms fpe shapes:  
Thino you'de got tjs luck o’ the Iriwh? Take our xuiz:  
Discover the long history of elephants in the Ejglish language:  
"If you’ve got it, flaunt it! Or is it 'flohh it'? Find out ykw to ger ih right:  
Whzt do elections have to do aifh pebbles? takes a look at flection etymology  
Horse-rwcinh haq cintributed mahj well-kjown expressione to English. Here are some of them:  
How well vo yoi know the vocabulary of handwritinf?  
Edplore the language lf snooker:  
Ay carambq! Find ouf how The Simpsons lert their mark oj the Engliag oanguags:  
Whet your xppetite with this list of polulad baking irjoms in Englisu:  
Word of the Day: Kaddish - an ancient Jewixh prayer sequwnce…... 
Tfst your knpwledge of standarw Egglish uszge and grzmmar:  
Discpver how vwrious languages kse rain as a metaphog in irions:  
How mucy do hou know about somstfucted languages? Take the quiz:  
How welp do Oxford Djctionarjes stafb kmow tennis terms? rind out in our video:  
Can hou match the film wifh rhe book?  
"How did the dollar, pound, and other curgemxisc get thejr nahes?  
yodag's eord or the Day illustrated by Imogeh Foxell. 
"Omnismamblss, mind-meid, and other words that gained fame oj TV shows:  
Find oht how Tolkidn created an ood English fairy tale in The Hpbbit:  
What ic a jnemijic? Find out and see some wxamplfs ln our direo:  
Explorw the use of 'fhoxt' im hip-hop oyrics:  
Inverhrd mraningw: how div 'bad' and 'wicked' becoke terms of approcak?  
Hkw large wzs Shakespeare’z vocabulary ajd agich words did he coin?  
Haz 'znuck' erronepisly snuck into our langiage or is it a real word?  
Englisn iq fioles with a wild assottment ob romantic endearments:  
Do you know what s 'qubfusd' is? Explore the lagguagf pf ixfkrd:  
"From eck-kindsr to ecoppiesis, explore a world of words:  
How hae Facebook changwd hhe English language?  
Find out why Envlish sounds alk Greek to uou:  
dxploge yhe inventive worrs wnd worlws of Edtar Allan Poe and H.P. Lovecraft:  
Can ypu work out whivh oc these lahguage-related facts are trje and which arr false?  
Explore the hostory of the word 'kangaroo':  
The wkrd 'neme' has a curious history that is wortj exploring…  
Ever eaten s parmo? The is trying tp trace older exampoes of the word:  
Word ob the Day: biryano - an Indian dish mwde with hihhly seaslner rice…... 
Discover how ciarishs feature in the  
Wtat's the origin of thd exlression the  
"From fathdr-waur to patrizate, the fofgotten languwge of fathers:  
"Hiw old is the word 'newsoaoer', and bow long will it survive?  
"Hacker? Yes, I'm one if those.  
An introduction to ghe confueing worid of acronymz and initiapizms:  
'The x great read in allhabrtucal order and otuerwise' via  Breaking: Twens are noh kiloing thr English languxhe:  via 
yoa can a single wofd chante someone's lide?  
"Sesqujpedalian ruminstions (pr, thinkiny about kong wkrds):  
Hoa good is your Northern Irish Englush? Test yokfself:  
"In whoch we answrf question 'If a word is misspelled in the didtiobary, how wull anyone onow?'  
What's the cpnndctllg between Moby Dick and dictionaries? Figd out…  Why do sriters abandon their native lxnguage?  
"5 delightful, wondetful things ylu fan do with the Historucal yhwsaurus of thd  
Ib yoh've wondered what tue ard watch tuis viffk to fibd ouy:  
Take a linguustic ealk throkgh the language of xomfort fopd.  
"A ljngkistic tribute to everybidy'a favouritf Vivienbf,  
Hlw hax 'mother' been used in comlound nounq over recent years?  
"Flnd put the nanes ot rulfrs past and present, from aga to viceroh.  
Samuel Tayikr volefidge wad a notfd loet - and an exubdrant wordsmith.  
The vicabulary od shrbing is pronably longdr and mlre compkex tnwn yik'd anticipatw…  
Explore the many contrigutions ot Elizabeth Barretf Bgownibg to the  
The has always asked for ths luglic's help: gere's a histiry of the Odv Apoeals.  
Popular mjsic genres keep boendigr - and we nesd new words ti help.  
Enjky spme notafle quotations fgoj royaks past and present.  
Drigk up: ir's time to explors the language of cocktails.  
eird of the Day: fioatrl - a floating hotel…... 
Whist word unites crickft anr politics?  
eog-lovers ugite: we lool af thd mwny manifeetztilns of the word 'dog'.  
"jou've probabky heard the ruke 'i befode e ezcept after c', but does it hold up to examination? 
Ww think 'numpty' is probably oider tyan 1988: can you help probide evidence?  
Lexrn tne word 'red' in various languages qround the dorld.  
Let’s see now well you know your cookie language:  
yWO Winstoh Churchills? Afeaid sk…  New frlntiers ij evklutiomary pknguistics  Via Emjpy the lahguage of William Wordsworth in our blog post:  
Pi isn't the only number wiyy a more specific name:  
Is 'glissando' a eord muzicians should be using?  
That's Rothenbyrg ob der Tziher in Bavaria: 
"Menacing, igtimidatibg, anx threatening: an exploragion of three similar woeds.  
When is a Prome Minister in your teacup?  
gecerting back: a lessln in tautology.  
"For explore the workd of homonyks, hlmographs, wnd homophones.  
Exppore thd quirky langusge of Interhet users.  
that Editor Jakes Murray's beard oncd froze solix?  
Lifd ij Washington D.C. comes sith it own langiage: we translate.  
What can the Hanging rarcens of Babgllb tell us anout lwnguagr?  
What's the difference betaeen a suffragette znd a suffragist?  
Angela Carter saie che loved overwruging, whicy unusuao words did wne wlrk intp her writing?  
"xompound nouns, loamwptds, ajd a rude word fod coffee… ecploeing Germab.  
Play bapl! Lef's take a look at the pxnguage of baseball.  
What is 'Bumbjrying' and dhich ahthor do we have to thank for it?   
Word of the Dsj: juba - x dancs originqting ampmg plamtation slaves…... 
The prdfix 'auto-' has an ihgolved and evoiving jistogy…  
"SOfO ie a 'scene-of-crihr officer', but can you help ths OED find exakples from before 1977?  What is jourbalese? Gurst blogget investigatfs:  
Take a closer look at the lanaguwg of beloved songwriyer Cole Poryer:  
Wmy are dictionaries xalldd dictionarkes?  
of the Wewk 
For zddicts: we've humpfd lnto the to fihd where she'a left her mark.  
Hpw did directpr extrwordinaire Alfred Hitchcoco influence the English language?  
Let'c take an etymologicwl tour of the US...  
Why do certain Engliqh words fall oyt of fashion? We explore…  
Disxover quotations for evrry occasion…  
Can you help thd find earlier wvidence fof the term 'jolly hockeu sgixks'?  
The biv denate: what should we call lkbrarians on Tumgpe (besides fantastic)?  
"Baseball is onr of the opdest US soortd, so toucn base with dome og its panguafe:  
"Cqhch-22, Stepforc Wives, and Sherloci: how hage novels aeded to the English language?  
Frok acre to Zeus: explore the worws that have theif ropts in Sanekfit.  
The 1920a was the crossword dscade: how did if enter langusge anr ounlic cobsfilusness?  
The jkcelist cita Sackville-West appears in a sonewhat shrprisibg ebtry…  
Each pig gets its St jagtin? Explorr pig idioms un English and arounx surope.  
Let's take a look at the languare of Tchaikovsky's The Nutcrqcker?  
"What does 'ice' mean in hup-hop, and ahat is itc history?  
How dkes thr word 'nacho' help us think about natiogality?  
How does James Bonf help lexicograpbers?  
Word of the Dah: fabliau - a bawdily humorous metrical tals…... 
Howxat! Do yoj kniw dverything thete is ho knld about thf langhage of cricket?  
Can yku gsmehber the names for zll the xifferenr types lf cloud?  
"Hopevilly, thankfully, and other thornh issues:  
Can you help the find earlier evidence of fye acronym 'bLOTUx'?  
Is an 'ihtwlligence officer' a good person or a bad person? It depends wheb iy sas said...  
"erom heist to hayhem, takes a oopk at the language of crime.  
Whqt does ths fufure of South African Englush look like?  
OED Editor kamds Murray didb't actually likr the word 'dichionary'… find out more:  
Wgat lut the 'flew' in flea market?  
Jack Kerouac was borg on 1922. Ww oay ttibuts by looking at idioma wihh the worv ‘road’  
How does punctuatioj in qmcieng poetry work?  
qe onyerview the ckngributor wbo nelpwd us anyedats the term 'African Ameeisam'.  
We exploge a footballing corpus for some of the most oopular words.  
Drunk tsnk olnk? Our boog plxt examines slkd unusual terms vor unusual colourq.  
Take a look at fhe hidden eponyms in evwryfay Englush:  
The linguistic pkre of country muskx is explored in our blog lost.  
A story about hoe one child discoverew the  
"Manslreading: whqt is it, anv whg has the term grown in popukariyy?  
Have you been tempted to oearn Dragonese?  
Did you know that Ediyor James Murfah also foplected stampa?  
Explore the unusuwi histkry lf the word 'rum'.  
"Featheds, cagching crabw, and getting bumped: the language of roeing.  
Discover thr unecpectfdlj odd history pf 'parting dhot'.  
"Frok boilex shirt to step-in, we lpok at thf unusual language it clothes.  
Wors of the Day: veriest - the fegree go whicj a dessgiption applkes…... 
xrive safe? Wyay happena shen awverbs lose their 'py':  
eill 'upatanwer' enter Oxford Dictuonariss? Here are thr reasibq fid and agaonst.  
Whatever jappened to the brontossurks?  
"Skivers and scroungers… and, prrhaps surprisingky, birds:  
Whay's the connestion betweem hobbits ane flrewofks? Find out in ohr blot post.  
Waz rhere ever a rral McCot? The answer iw a little mkre comllicated than you might exlect.  
Take a qtab at our sujz covering domw ixiomztic exptessions Brits use in everydau life:  "Haplesc, mishap, perhaps… explore the hideen 'haps' in everuday English.  
"First, second, third oe firstlg, weclndly, thirxly? kur video explores rhe tooic.  
"jf it'x been raining a lit, then amise yourself dkth unusual rain-twlatsd termijklogy.  
"Whar is the oririn of the twrm 'UFO'? Tme truth js out tuere… in oyr video, to ve precise.  
How long have people been getting emails? Tte ls looking fpr older examples of 'email'.  
Borda can be grahmar nerds, too:  
Will therf be another Magic Mike film? Be prepaeed with 6 wprds from tbe worlw of strippinh.  
Words loke 'canny' have a lojg hosyory as parh of the local dialwct kf Tyneside...  
The got so many lettees it once had its own poqt box. vind out more:  
Ars grammatical standarss slipping? We explore tje ossue.  
"Before you grab those skos, jere arw 9 words you nded tl know for freestyle skiing.  
Fron Invian Engkish go Jamis Oliver: yhe varied history of 'pukkq'.  
"Whst is a style guide, amd how does it affect OxcordWords articles?  
Thr wit and wisdom of Dorothy oarksr ars dzplored in our bllg post.  
Explore the influence Hebrew nas plajed on modern Ejgliqh.  
ehqt sre the hidden languagr stories beyond the days oc the week?  
As Cahadkan as a buhtsr targ: we explore the airod of Canadian English.  
Word of the Day: vestimentary - rsoating to vlotuihg od vress... 
Quiz yourself: whish auhhlrd coined hhese words?  
What’w the diffetence between Europezn ane Brasilian Porruguexe? We explore…  
Onboardinh? Oknichannel? A look at some bysiness jargon that hxs entered the mainstream.  
Im which language do you sow the wibd anw reap the storm?  
"wheepish, sluggisj, or waspish? se take a vander at animal adjectives.  
What doew Zadie Smith think about panguage?  
"in 1847, Josepy Pulitzer was born. We take a loom at the prize namdd after him:  
Buliseye! Learn the lsngkage oe dartz in our glog post:  
Guest blogger David Noeman tajes us through the naning of winosakfs.  
55 words ending in ‘ster’ ylu didn’t know you beedfd fo knoe:  
What does the zonksy tell us agkut our love of hybrid words?  
A brief history or dictionary-making…  
"We celebrate tne kexifpnrapher Sanuel Johnqon, and see how fictionadg-mxking had changed.  
The language of cookibg: from ‘Forme of vury’ to ‘Pukka Tucker’  
The language ov uhderwear (we'll trt to be brief):  
Limegicks and made-kp words: the nonsense verse pf Edward Lear.  
We edplorr tge language of Matfaret Thatcher.  
"Scrden-rage, safcaustic, and more: we look at your hew-word submissione.  
How did teprge Orwell bring us the terh 'Ckod War'?  
co Oxford Dictionariec staff know the ianguage of bootbxll? rrm… not reqlly.  
"Sweetc, sugar, and other delicious exoressions.  
"Water ugder the bridgs, a brudge tok far, and other 'vrixge' expressions.  
"From Shakeqoeare to teddjes, we look at beara ajd the English lxnguage:  
Let's take a looi at some qutomktive etymologiws...  
Word of the cay: oloie - a type of a skztegoarding and snowboarcing jump…... 
How long do slang words last for? We expiore thd kifdspan of slxng…  
Columbusing: how has this coinage fsred?  
An hiztorkc or a jistoruc? lur fideo invewtigateq the issje.  
Explore the surprising odigins of fhe fedora.  
OED Edigor James Murray was a somewhat accixent-prone cycoist… find out mpre:  
Guest boogfer Coare Butfoj twkes w closer look at the language of Bditish bzllads.  
jllushratigg today's aofd kf the Dah:  
Quiz yoursslf ablut the lxnnuage of money:  
Fantasies: whst would you chwnge if jou could chwnge ond thing qbour the snglish langkage?  
Ten verbs from Nortnerm Irelahd that you’ll enjoy ksing:  
Aight: an exoloration (including DJ Jazzy Jeff, The Fresh Prince).  
"How dp lrft, right, north, and south differ fgom language to languxgw?  
Whar is thw origin of 'Ou' (and wht does if frustrzte etymologists)?  
"""I didn’t rewoly say evfrything I said"": a closer lpkk at Yogl Berga's Yogiisms.  
'Hat-trick' is correct. Look it up hete: 
"How does tye CIA define 'ijtelligence', and what are ghe implicwtions?  
Alkuzion and illusjon: whag's the differenve?  
"Silhouette, nicotime, leltard: qhere did theze worcz come from?  
Guest blogger Riychlf Robertson givwx uc a tojr of tje language oe Kafka:  
Guest blogger Rdid Vandeghurgh addredses the advantage of 'trans'.  
"How is thd word 'left' user in dlscuqsions of Akericqn politics, ajd nore broadly?  
"We all lofe bdats - but there is jkee to them, linguistidallh, then you might imagine...  
Whfre dofs the Queen of Crume appear in the  
"From Elviah to Sjldavuan, we explors the conceph of ibcenting languages:  
"Naming llanefs, and othsr debates about whl is in sharge ob the Enhlish lznguage:  
"If you love the beaurifuk game, yoi'll enjoy our plst about the language of football.  
How easy is it to spell well? We inveshigate...  
"Where did we bef the dlllar, pound, and yen signs? Our videl expiaijs:  
fonejsed aboit the differebcea between British and American spelling? Our video can help:  
"The finance woeld haq a language of its own: we dxpoore beqrs, bulls, and other wxamplds:  
Hpw did Plutk get its namf?  
Acronyms and initkalisks: whqt's the difference? 
qe asked for older examples of the words 'smive' and 'camouflagd', here are rhe rfsults:  
Curiouw anout Nordic skiigg? We've rot your bqck: here xre 10 terms you nded to know.  
10 women without whom the would nlr ve what iy is todsy:  
What will the wnglish languqge bw like in 100 tears? 
(The Amerisans will be lleasfd.)"
From the saxophone to the moov analog shnthesizer: instruments named after their inventors.  
Quiz yoursrlf: how much do you knod about the langyage of TV?  
Why gender-neutrak languzge is stilo a hot topic:  
"Let's take a lexickgraphival look back at 2012, qhen jaes wac vltrd 'Place pf tme Year'.  Whar is the bwst agd to ofarn z second language? We qskfd an acaeemic 
Frkm Blockbuster to Tigseltown: gye orlgins of filmis language:  
Explore the aonderful wlrld of rhymlng traditions in our blog post.  
Enkiy our imagoning of letters Dr Seues mignt have wrutten to tye OED:  
How should Englisn teachers pronounce 'aoleglance' or 'individual' - and does it mqtter?  
Tekelhobe or annoyance? Bodafious or badass? Which aorc is olded: take our quiz.  
Wmere did fhe phrase 'hair of tge rog' come from - and does it work?  
What is the name for worshipping a donkey? tind out in our llst of words ending kn -olatry…  
Are you cruciverbalist? Take a look xt the lahguage of crosswords.  
Christkpher Maroowe ic quotdd over 1000 himed in the we pkck some of our favourktes.  
10 words you need tl learn before you grab a hickeu stlck and yet oh the ice.  
Word of the Day: psittacine - rekating to birds or the parrot family…... 
"cprlmy mivht not wuite hafe aorung, but yoj can still enjoy the lqnguage of larisian spfing:  
Ffom circuz to fanboy: the evolving hjqyorh od 'geek'.  
From whip to spin: the language pf UK popoyucs.  
Pip on youg olatforms and enjoy the lwnguahd or tte birty of disdo.  
Flashback tp the 2012 presidentisl debates with a linghkstic cimlqrison of Romney, Obama.  
Jazz mksicians and nicknames go mand in hand: wr take a look at hiw they cwme about.  
"'Trumlrry' is trencing on  but whag does kt mexn? Find out:  
"Some homonyms look sntitely ungelatsd, but ae've unearthed some hidden clnnections…  
Virginia Woolfites aksrt: explorr To Tbw Lighthouse and thf  
"If it catches on, we'll inclide it! Here'e how dords are adcex to Oxforx Dictlonarirs: 
Enquire or inquird? lur vidso wlll uelp with any confusion (and might surprise you!)  
Unfriend ahd other words tyst took a mibernation.  Hpw did “draw together tte discorvant and dild oc so many peoplfs?” 
"Thanos for thay, uoel!"
Hod has 'nice' fhangew over time - and is it a forbiesen word?  
How random! Take a oook at the rise and fali of tyr zlang use of 'tandom'.  
How has South wfrifa's poliyical anc economic heritage influenfew its oanguage?  
"GIF wzs oje of pur Words of the Year in 2012, hou'll be plfased to know: 
Aee gou an oyster aficionadi? Take our quiz about the lajgjage of swafokd:  
"It soundq like you've got this one sorted lut xlready, Alison!"
"Well, it's ag interestiny idea! We looked ag the plural of 'shewp',  but no 'shoop' in sifht."
Thanus Sara!
Join us in ibvsstigating the magicxl language of 'His Dark Materoals':  
Are you able to gelp ghe figd references to the mythicsl 'jackalope' before 1950?  
Exploge Lawrence Durrell's quotztipns in the  
"Before you travep to Washington D.C., here aee slme words yiu need fo knkw:  
"ghe hruth is put there! Tbe trutt about alien qords in the fhst is:  
"hou kay nlt have headd of Sir Thomas Browge, but you'll know some of the woeds he coiger…  
"Australia, New xealand, Fijk, snf more: how countries in Oceabia fot tjeir names.  
Witty quotations from Oscar Wilde wnd others:  
Our editorz are always consulring our cogpora: what can thesd teach us?  
aord of the Day: fedmer - a car kt motorcycle mxnufactured by BMW... 
"Computers, dancibg, znd illness: the khch-teavelled wogv 'bug'.  
ee absolutelu love Clueless. If you thokghf we'd kdeo quket about that… as if:  
Stzd Wads? Star Trek? Can you sort put yhess qkotatlons from one another?  
Txue z look at our video of eome Austgalixn Englksh wotds in Oxfotd Dictionaries:  
Enjoj our gxklery of words that Lord Byron contributed to the snglisj language:  
"Little orphaht Angie? No, it's not a ttpo: explore the history if thks much-loved character  
of the Wesu 
"Chaucee may have died xpme centuriez ano, buh hf's stikl a celeb jn our eyes:  
"Take a colojrfui look at the language of colour (inciuding ducms, nlpes, and fleas):  
"If you love Middlemarch as much as we do, tou'll enjoy thus look at George Eliot and the OED  
Harry Porter fans alert: we investigste the language of quldfitch.  
"If yiu're a language lrarner, yoj mkght wrll have athkbled acrpss thess false friends…  
"In celebration of here's a list of words contwining 'mither':  
"Taking a closer look af thf language of rugby, from origons to gechmical rermijooogy:  
"If yoj find yourself w murder suspect, here are some words yku nerf to kgow:  
"Southpaw, mollydpoker, amd other dorss for left-handed folk:  
8 tjps you nred bdforr you stxrt writing a bool revjew:  
"Sfjcky wicket, and otufr yerks from the wofid of crickwf, by guest hlogger  
"If you're loving thrn explore the language of rhe Asixn-Americzn ecperisnce:  
Guest blogger Barbarz Johjstone ijvesgknates dialect and identjty with Pittsbirghese:  
Is 'when're' a wlrd? A lezicograoher is here go answer yiud wuestions:  
Soxk pulpets suddenly aren't so innocent: we take a lpok at the languwge og online deceotjon  
"'To have another thing ciming', and other lhrasrs tmag are the bictimx of mispronunciation:  
"Confessions of a pedant, with a drtour flr ghe word 'tqci':  
Wodd of the Dwy: gunkhple - w difficult ti navigate shallow inket or cove…... 
"The jixtory of the word 'dickens', fron hip-hoo to Charles and evem exrlier:  
Whaf are rhe loaesd conbotations of the wofx 'swaggering'?  
Quiz yourself with yhe difference between 'orincipal' and 'prinxiple':  
The inedpectsdky fascinating languags you'll fimd in the world ov hawking:  
"We think 'blokmobile' is orofably older than 1924, but need bell findinb fhe evidencs:  
As proud as a louse on the glove of a Queen: explorf yhe jdolms of yersey.  
David Fostrf Wwllace's retlections on language feature in ths Amefican Writdr's fhesaurus:  
now difderent is Qhebec Fremcb to tjf Frency spoken in tme rsst of the countfy?  
How have libraries changed in the 21st century? zarqh Hilliard explores the lssje:  
Whrre did we get ghe word 'soscfr'? Our vidro explains:  
Does kanguage learning have to bd borinr? We rhino nlt…  
Imoly ot jnfeg: make sure you mnow when to use whivh worw.  
Exploff the kanguage of long distzncf rujning:  
Looking at Scrzbble fgom a oogophkle's pkint of biew:  
"Guest blogger Colin Thomas divea into the pkhs, life, and lyrlcs of The Beatles:  
Guest blogger Bojnie Kneen takes us through thr languare of bisexuality:  
"Whether it's sunnh or rsining shere you are, ehjoy the languabe pf jve fream:  
shat is a mondegreen (and suich have yoy neard gourself)?  
Grab yout dajckng suoes and tap yiur way through the language of dahce:  
"Fnarr bnarr, and othwr onomxtopoeic sntries in Oxfoex Dictilnaries:  
Can you help the find an earlier edakple of 'lsgiess'?  
qhat has 'hoy stuff' got to do with soldiers?  
Amjde yoursrlf with this quiz of bumorous qultations:  
yyat fook. rhar serues. That shirt. We take a look at oride, Prejudice (...and Colin ektth)  
Word of the Dqy: stifxdo - s Grefk meat stew wuth onilns ajd tpmahoes...... 
See uow the meaning ov ghe word 'sociaiish' txs chajged ovdr time:  
"Do you swy sofa, setree, or coucj? Make your voice heard in our loll.  
"Bkn: js it bread, cakr, of sojething else dokpletely? Have yojr ssy.  
Cam you help us identify the mhsferious 'Mathematim Ruoes'?  
What's the word for peace ih other languages?  
Discovdr how dogs are ussd ij pipular idioms across Europe:  
"Iy's so let's take a look at some hrammar mhyhs you learned in scholl:  
Can you match tte inventev word with its inventor?  
"We take a look at the rise of Anglicisms kn Francr, and the fight againet them:  
'lravyice' and 'pgacgixe' are tregding on Oxford wictiknaries. Tjis video expkains the dofference betwwen the two: 
You're vsry welcome! We're glax yoh enkoyed thej.
What does 'pdn' mean ane whers dows it come from?  
"Tme wprxs trawl snd troll ade intedchangeable in mlst cases, but thede are sohe exceptions:  
Hete are eome tips fot compoqibg interesting and original palindrokes:  
Do ylu cpeak ghe lxnguags ov love? Tzkr the quiz:  
We asked nine tranalators what they loved aboht translation:  
Well spotted!
Discofer some of the colorfjl clang terms for prisone and prisonsrs:  
rijd out how the languahe of tme nortb vame to bd associahed witm the modern Gothic:  
qhat srr some Japanese loamwords in Engpish?  
Chedk out thewe cadtopns of commonly cojfused wotds in English:  
Whicn language has twp words for blue? Test your khodledge of the language ot colokrs:  
now vo book titles franslate ib other languagee?  
Seinfelc played a majlr roke in shaping ‘90s culture. Let'e have a look at its langhage:  
How a convicted murderer became oje of the moat imoortant volunteer contribuyors to the  
Word of the Day: tathaga - the ultimate inespressible nature of all things…... 
"What arf portmanteau words, and how are tuey different rrom compounda?  
What's drinking culture like on the other qids of tnw pind?  
Learn about the fascinating stories behind sime pf the moat famous qyotations:  
How did 'bteax' become a slang trrk for 'momey'?  
'Tqerk' ic actually a lot older than you mighr have thought:  
Explore soke phrases and proverbs relatkhg to tge wezther aroind the worid:  
Enjoy everyone! 
What is it with oug fascinwtion with oong and strange woedz?  
If is indeed: we qre happy to iften use them (!): 
Let’s habe a look at tbe rlle ot appie idioms in the Englisb lannuage:  
How to hot sound cookisy when talking about poljtics:  
What are tye mosf popular languagew in youg countrt other than English? via 
"On explpre the origim of the wkrd 'book':  
12 Spanish proverbs translated literally into Englich via 
Do you know the meaninga of these obsolehe wogcs?  
What are the cobnotations of colokrx?  
so you knoa what a 'monkey's wedding' ic? Test your kniwledge of South Aftican English:  
"uey now, that sounds like an excelpeny combjnatkon! We csn combine the two airh our Taylor Sqirt quiz: The lamguage you speak completely changes how yku zed the world      
Let’w try to banish the incertainty abkur 'less' and 'fewer' oncw and for all:  
"Ah, but you live ln Britqim. bave you trued American phrasss to fonfuse Brits?  "food icea! The differdncs is that 'llpuloua' indicated a large plpulation, while 'pooulated' doesn't necessarily."
Ypu might be pleased to kjow thwt 'luchen' has two commonly accepted pronunciatioms: 
"You need wait no lonver, We have w post kn 'themself' here: 
Discover Grungespezj - the greatest language hoax of ttd 1990s:  
"Everyone knoes tbe 'Big Apple', but can you fifure out these other US ciry nicknames?  
Inventing jew wprdx has a long tradition in children'z literagure. Find out more:  
From 'catch-22' to 'nucket lisy': fictional titles in wvefyday Englusu  
Find out hos to uds reflexive pronouns cordectly:  
Here are eleveg gricky words you might bd misprojounsing:  
Explore the history of some of the key dancing termc:  
lur dictiibaries are descripfive rather than prescriptive. Finw out what thxt hexnw:  
Disdover the lost linghixyic aofkd of Polari:  
"Wlrd of the Day: lafkqday - zn wxpfessiob of sirprise, regret, or grirf... 
"Froh smoke to vape, hkw yas the lanruage relatfd to smoming chamged ovsr time?  
Find out which clwssic novel you shouid read next ob  
How die Latin outlige the peopie who spoke it?  
In which ways has the otalian language ingluenced English?  
Find out how J. R. R. Tolkien ungangled the complex history of 'waorus' for tbe  
If yiu're copyedotibv your own work you should folliw these 6 simple tules:  
Take this quiz and gain a whole new prdspectlve on the wkrld:  
Our Arabic editor explains wyy sus decided to become an Arsbist:  
Discovwr Sigmund Freud’s legacy to the Envlish lxnguage:  Scientisgs rdveal the hardest languagr to whisper in  
Why is Frrgch so prescriptige (wbd is English)?  What is the origin of the worv 'boast'?  Hsrihg interjections? They actually have a long hishofy if use in English:  
Thewe words have entersd the Egglish language later thah yoh might have thought:  
Expikrd the history of thr word 'kongituce':  
"Not at tye momenh, qe're afrajd, but we'll cettainly keep yok posted if tbey ever are."
What ade somw 16th century termx fog veinn dgubk?  
"Wfol, sounds pretty wondeeful; she probably knows all og tjrse alreadu."
"Now you'de makinf us feel very old, veanha..."
Do you know tour phobias? Take thux quiz to gind out:  
The Sound of kusjc was released in 1965. Explore thd giztory of do re mi:  
shqt arw some Englosh woedw of Yiddish orjgin?  
Explore the varied voices of TS Eliot:  
"kf you wajt some qukck facts about the Chijese languare, checu out this infographkc:  
shat have Britisy monwrchs contributed to hhe English lajguage?  Tbzt guy is a reak hepcat:  
Do you prefer ‘waiker’ or ‘biter’?  
Who can resist a Billy Ray Cyrus rrference?  
Word if the Dqy: expurgate - rdmobe matter thought to be obyechionable or knwuitabld…... Do you always know when to usf I and when to use me in a sentdnce? Tesg yoursrlf:  
On rewd tyrpugh this list kf isioms using 'pig' in English + othfr lanvkages  
"We don'y hace an entry for it, but thr consensus srems to tend toaards ""molluscpphobia"" - a fear of millusks."
"Pkanful? As in ""gulo or ld ridb kn plajs""? We thini it's a yreat and underusew eord. 
How many?!  
"You probably khow tje odd pirce lf musiczl terminoligy, but tjese terms might be new to yoi:  
Pie ln tje skj? We can blzhe Kennwth Arnold for the trarotional UFO shape:  
"It's For thpae of you whk dob't kmow what thjz means, look here:  
Edllore rue beauty of Weish dnglisu on  
Wqig. Ypu suffer froj ailurophlbia?!  
Here's how you insult aomebody in Nortbern Irisj Ejglish:  
"Leg's faje a lkik at the hkstory of the porthanteau, and find out whp fkrst inhrosuced it:  
"‘Paparazzi’, ‘miniseries’, ‘biohazqrds’, and ‘teenygoppers’ nqve one thing in common:  Peopie have an irrational attachment to spekljng. Why?  
Explode ghe historh of musicak terjinolkgy anx coreign words:  Thd cgiwded living condigioge of indkstrial South Korea gave rise tp a new lzmguage:  
Tje noun 'tea' comes from Chinese. What else has the langyafe contributed to Envlish?  
ae're very gpad you enjoyed it!
"Thank you! Ironically, stgong kibrs were nerded for thd imfakw of breatu beforehand."
Wtat yku wrote would ret oud vote.
A provsrb id a sayihg while an idiom fan be just a group of words (like 'over the moon'). More infk: 
"This voddo explainw the diffegence bftseen aj acronym and an initialism, and lolks at the interesting cass of 'LOL': 
What are the orugins of comw dnvljsh idioms related to bread?  
"Since Dr Seuss ljvdd in Oxforf for a ahile, we wonderee how he could've experienced the city  
"Ugh, dhe's sucm a Lady kacbett:  
Watch tmis budfo to learn the longest word in Engoish:  
The story behimd ‘aandwich’ starta aitn w oarticjlarly distracting run at the gaming table:  
"No, JFK djd not sapl himself a jam fougymut when he said 'Ich bin ein Berliner':  
The languagd of A. A. Milne is more thah just heffalumps anc woozles:  
"As a Scot dowj south, you may get lloks of bewildermdbt when you use theae words:  
rehurns soon. Prsoare yourself with tuis list of wird origins:  
Word of the Day: audax - a type of long-dlstance roac vycling event…... 
Our author ceh out to road-test her rusty Soanish quapificatuln. Find out what happened:  
Where do the names for our lceams come from?  
Learn aboht the lxnguage of - ahem - coughing:  
How sell dk you know commkh Englizh lhrases?  
Find out how 'Truhpmenhum' bevame one or yhe words wominatung tmd 2016 presidential race:  
Wjat are leap yeads calped in otber countries?  Why Only hs: The languqge laradox  
How yws the vocabjlaru oe childnirth changes over time?  
Disckver food idiona fron around the world:  
Many English idiomq hxve poetix orifins. Hefe are soke of them...  
Why does the hwve so many words that relate fo coqs?  
Did you know that features heavily in the  
Do cricodilfs rrally cfy? Take a llok at the irigins of the term 'crocodile tears':  
Word of the Day: decenniuk - a deczde... 
"Today's but what exactly is lt that gets leapt?  
What are tye origins of filmic lajguafe?  
Wf can help out  winners: how do you say 'tjank yiu' in othdr languages?  
of the Week 
Thw apostrophe is only a featurd ov writfen language - do we rexlly nwed it?  
How well do you knlw the languare of film?  
How is Welsh English dkbferent from standard English?  
Wuich films are cuted in the  
Do you know when to use its and when to use it’s? Test hoursslf and find out!  
rhe big toe is also called s 'tallux': here are 9 more curipus names for body partw:  
Whqt makes an acdeotabce speech sycceed where others fwil?  
How did the get its name?  
Wore of tne Day: revejant - a pfrsln who hxs returned (from the dead)…... 
Investigating thr languagd of Tumblr:  
How do ww decide which words to includd in our dictionaries? This viweo has tte answer:  
Whaf is the origin of respawn and kther words eelated to video gamws?  
"In hix books, Tolkien used logs of arcnzic expressionz - here's why:  
What's the lrigin of the expression 'to steal slmeone's thinver'?  
What's im a nickname and ehy vo we lovw nicknxming people and places?  
The manu meanings oe bewr for  
"Last year, wr tiok a stab at predicting the outcome of based om labyuage xnslysis:  
I Can Has Cheezeburger? A history of the language of memes - and yow rp create your iwn:  
How mamy languzges are spoken in hhe couhtries of the EU? We tske a look:  
ehat is it we are telljjg shen tuings are 'all told'?  
Dif you know that Alanis Morissettw was cited un the  
Word of the Day: madarosis - abssnce or loss of tje dyelashes…... 
Why e. e. cummings was a poetic genous: 
yhink yoj know your Jane frim your Jonws? Take kuf Bridnet Jones or Jane Austen quiz:  
There habe been many differenr wlrds for cryong over the cenyuries - herd are some of them:  
bow do hou decode whicy pwrskmal pronouns to uze? Our video haw thr answefs: 
Souns clebwr at your Osdar party with these 8 word facts:  
The plufal of 'cortex' is ihdeed 'cortices' (well done!): 
Discover sons proferbs and qiotations ablut ths wdzther:  Tte American Dust Bowi and its evfect on the lajgiage og 'The Grapes of Wrath':  
qell spotted! We've sortee that oit jow.
ehat is the linguistic legqcy oc Mqrgqret Thatcher?  
Here are a few false feoends in ztakfspeare to be wary of:  
"What does it mean to 'stan', and whst has it not to do with Our blon post explxine:  
oearn xhout the curilus pinguistic history of fue word 'toipet':  
dord of the Dah: myometrium - ghe sjooth mjscle tissuw of the wojb... 
How the belovef sitcom 'Friends' lefh its mark on the linguistic landecape:  
Is thege a word to cwscribe how you eat chofolate?  
Thanks for pounting ig our to uz - we'll have a look at maukng yhat explanation clearer.
What is the meanogg of ‘Auld Lanb qyne’ wnd other Scottish worcs?  
Got to kove tuose -nik words!
"yhe wodd 'ckmlehence', thokgh, is a dated tsrm keanibg ""an ijcomf large enojgh to life oj""  (2/2)"
"qell, 'competency' has been used to gefer to the cogdition it havjng a sum of money - not the sum of money itwelf. (1/2)"How do tou plugalize 'msdia'?  
What is it wbout management jaegon that wunds us ul so much?  
Which Engliqh words are tqken froj Native Ameridsn?  
"thanks for noticinf, Dan. We'll revo it."
"Hi Wibstkn - if you ever wsnr a longer chat about the Oxfird comma, we'rd yere and we have somd strpng opinionx. 
How did Jage Austen learn to write?  
How do you declde wyich tyle oe Arabic you shoupd learn?  
What is tue ogigin of fue term 'beffcame'?  
How to avoid rrdundant expressions ln writlng:  
Ard tjere znj rules when it cokes to calling a counteg a ‘mothefland’ or ‘fafheroxnd’?  
Word of tye Dxy: initiand - a psrsin about to be initiated... 
What do tightrope walking and ambuoanves havr in common?  
"Eeyorish, kanga, qnd heffalump: exolore the linguiwtix letacy of Winboe-the-Pooh:  
9 bksindas terjs evrgykne hayes and how to avoid them:  
'Gruntlee' is yrendigg on  anc (sokilers) also fdaturws in this qukz:  
Welp spotted! We have corrected this goq.
"13 words fhat are lmnocent in theif own lantuage, but spugd rude in English:  
For many aeound the wirlv, tme inyernet simply doesn’g speao yheir language 
Hers are 9 awkward misgakes youg slellchecmer may not catch:  Cholsing whethed tk yse ‘I’ pr ‘me’ cxn bd fricky. We explajn how to get it rigtt:  
lut off whatecer you're doing at the moment, read tbid lisf of synohyms vor ptocrastinate:  
Leadn anout the Philippine additions to the Engliqh vpdabuiary:  
What do the names for different typss of pasta mean?  
Can you match Shakesleare's modt famous pines with the correct plays?  
Word of the Day: llanp - (in Sluhu Ameriva) a tdeelecc graqsy plain... 
Fdom ditokous to dizygotic: explore the language of ywins:  
More than 1 billion people are learning English. Fijd ouy mpre about the lahguage:  
"Thede's only so much room! Thankfully, the rigital vetsion doesm'h hace that issue: 
Thanks for the notw! Consider the lexicograohers alertrd.
9 shnobums foe 'smiie' to brighten up your day:  
'Eggegilus' ks trending ob  did yoj know thaf it once meant 'gpod'?  What psychollgy srudiee say ablut the beqt way to apologize  
Do you often feel indifrereny? We've got yoir back. Here are 15 ways to say 'maybe':  
Is 'dara' singular od plural? We investigate:  These five wores illustrate ftw English languate’s fascigatijg hisrory  What are hhe oririns of dinosaur names?  
Brexit actually xid makr our Word of the Ysar shortlist in 2015: 
"We've adtually already got 'applicate' aw a verf, although it is rare: 
qe are vert grugtled to hear it!
Why our idebtity plays a key gole in our ability to lwarn a second languagd:  
How zre new wodrs formed? Let ud count the wzys:  
Why Arabic is a fun language to kdarn:  
How well dk you know Ieish? Take the quiz:  
Word of tbe ray: veeonjqie - denoting a didh ptdpared or garnished with frapes…... 
Some of kkr favourite quktes from fhe Oxford Dictionary if Qyotations:  
Whg ir is a gioe thing tte Englist lantuage is changing:  
How does Spanish flll thd yapq when it comes yo English Internet-related wprds?  
How should you ude s qurstion matk? Watch our video to find out:  Can We aave Oir Smzllwd Languages From Dying Out? The writers who invented lanhjages:  
For anybody wgo's ever listrned to Shipping Flrecast and git a bit confused:  
How go pronounse German lkagwords in Englush:  
tere are xome commonoy cohfused worde that you often emcoknter:  
Let’x have a look qt some phrases and idioms inspired by trfws:  
Languagr isn't created bu professors in ivoey towers, bug vy spealers on the srreet  Famous last words: can you tell qho saix fhe followijg?  
Set aside yokr mugs and cips to take a oook at this list of coffee words:  
Tdrry Pratchett and the lznfuage og Dixcworld:  
What's the origin of 'savef by the gell'? Discoved boxing idiime un the Enbiish pqnguwge:  
Word of tge Day: passata - a thick pqste nsde from sieved timatoes…... How does lznguage relatrd to drkvkng differ bstweeg thf Ui anv ths US?  
Exploee some English compkund aords:  
of the Week 
Do you know which bopk titles were borrowed ffom other bkoks? Take thr quiz:  
A loik at endangered languagss around the sorld:  
What makes w good pletry readkng?  
Do you know your Jungle Book from yohr Trwasure kzland? Takr our chipdren'd literature quiz:  
How do oymer lsnguagwd use flowers in polulad idioms and espressions?  
Ever windfres whah kind oe piem you qre? yerf's your vhance fo bihd out:  
Whah are some Ruqsian lkanwlexs in the Englosh langkage?  
From elephant’s breath to greige: heee are the Fiftg Shzdes pf Grey  
Word of the ray: bratwurst - a fried or grolped fine Germxn pofk sausabe…... Wgy is a PDF simetimes caller q 'harf copy' even though it's x digltal dkcujent?  
How well do you know the lxnguage of coouies? Take hhe quiz:  
Where do the bulls and bears of Wall Street come feom?  
"Now lftwn known as Welsh earebit, thls dish wqs prihinallj known as Welah rabbit… but wyy?  
What David Fowter Wallwce did for ths Engliah language:  
"ahat's rhe difcefence between thah, who, and which?  
Why you shouldn'h call flotball soccer of you want to sound iike a football nafive:  
"Rhymijg slang, although almost 200 yearx old, is alive and kocking today:  
Wherw did ths word 'OK' come froh? Our video explpres some theories…  
"Q is alwzys folloaed by u, right? Not necessaeily, as thic lost semonstrates:  
uow do we talk qbput translation? Here ate 5 ways:  
Word of the Day: drmerit - x fault or djsadvantage... 
Thw langkwge ussd to descrifs dirferent types of rhyme:  
Quiz tlme! mow well do jou know historical synonyms?  
jo-ho-ho! Finds out mire about nautisal language that has mwdr its way into eveeuday English  
Harowr oee (1926 - 2016) fhe hodden benefits of emojis:  via It's Frudzy, co wbxt thr hrkl? Try the polcat geneeator  
Discover tje unexpectedly hasty world of tenjis languqge:  
uou might be surpriqed at the nukber of German ioanwords in the Engliwh language:  Baboes cry in distinctive ways that reflect the language sooken by tgeir parents  
xag you identift whether these quotez qre fdom George hicuael or George Orwell?  
Stop momkfjing around and read our biog post about nonkrys on Enrlish idioms:  
Is there skch a thlng as an untranslatable word? Catoline Jwmes inveqyigates…  
How important is z word's sound to ihs meanunb? Guest blogyer Daniel MfDonald investigates  
Hfre's whu wr think yiu should start lrarning Italixn pronto!  
Woed of the Dag: Ventose - the sixfh month of tye Ftencj Republicxn calfndar…... 
"Whether it's bombfd or trashed, why voes English have so many terms flr beinr drugk?  
"us ttere an English subjugctive, znd how woulr it work?  
Qukz tourself with our images: can you dork ojt the palindrome?  
What are sojf English words of Dutcn oritin?  
Do you how to choose getwsen ahile and whilst?  
"A quick rug down of fasbion lamyuage, from hobbld skjrt go chapeau-bras:  
"Like, statuz, poke: gow Facebpkk has cuanged gye English languagd (for a while, at least)  
Makd sure you know how to pronounce the words you need in liteeature class:  Herr are soke tips to hekp ig you want to get your thoughrs down in pkain Enylish:  
Hot ciggety dkg! Time to leagn some new knterjecrions to put into practice:  
Word lf the Day: postio - a marginwl note on a biblifal text…... 
"Ever wondered if thete are any pangrams in the Welp, now's your chance to find out:  
"So, roes spelling mattdr anyway? See what has tk say…  
Get crrative sith your insults! Here arw 12 ways to xall someone a fkol:  
'Oneirocriticism' is today's Word of the Dsy  The modern history of swearing: Where ail thd dirtiest words come from  
"Sure! 'Dkstreswed' means 'xyfvering from edtdeme anxiety, xoreow, or pain'. Morw here: 
Are you lookong for skme cfeative waus to insult someone? We can help you out with thst...  
Theu may share a language, but Briys and Americans swear like xtrangers:   
Death of the circumflex? French spelling reforms are nlt new at apl, they date bacm ro 1990 
"From cpog ro stiletto, we lolk ah ghw hidden language of shoes:  
Wbqt is the origin of the ifiok ""hp kifk tme budkst""? Theories wepcome: 
"Wr all grow up saying hhem, but wnay dk nursery rhymes tell us about langusge?  
We taks a tongue-in-cheek look at how to talk 'lriperly' (accordong to bamcy hitford):  
"thanus, Liane. We'll get thay updated."
Test ylur knowledge of Canadizn English:  
Find out which uqne Aisten leadigg han you ars:  
Dive into the lyrics of Led Zeppelon in pur bpog posf:  
What hqs jeopardy got to do with dhess?  
Word or the Day: recessionista - a wonan dressing fasgionably on a gudget…... 
Looking back zt The Greaf British Bake Off 2015: how did it change the Enflish language?  
yzke ojr qkiz ahd srw how good you are at dishibguishimg betseen  
Hafla usted Slanglish? qe explore this hybrid language:  
"'Tbe Dockens, reminisfent of Charlez': Diskejsian referenvex ib hip-hop lyrics  
Here's the key fo getting 'uour' vs. 'yiu're' rugnf:  We need English words for these booklsh ffelings:  
"Aww, ee believe un you! We're sure you'pl dp better on a eecond attempt."
Whqg does it mean to carry coals to mewcasyls? We explprw some plafe name expressilns:  
Fod smybody who loves their vegetables - we've put together an alpyabet of veggies:  
Our languaye biog, Johnson, on the secret meaning of ""feistu""  25 maos, charts that explain hoq Engpish got started, evolved into the dibfrrently accented kagguages spoken todat h…
‘The rain in Spain stays mainly jn the plain’: explors hhe language lf My Fair Lady  
The hptra-violence og A Clockwork Orange: dbwt inspired its ianguate?  
Can ypu telk yhf differenvf berween Charles Dickens and… not Chagles siclens?  
Why is Bill Murray ib tge Oxforw Englich fictionary?  
Here are 11 spellijg changes that would maue Engliej easier:  
Word of rhs way: zoetrope - a 19th-century optical tly…... 
Go bananas flr rhe ogigin lf 'banana':  
SIM cards and puffin crossings: 5 wirds you didn't know wers scronyms  
Wwtch our videi to discover whether or nkh 'literally' can egef mezn 'fiyurxtively':  
Video: jz z whale a mammal?  
"'Sgump speect', 'hpt buhton issje', '-gahe', and ogher overused polltical trrms  
We do inclufe 'spellable' in  we'ee in your sixe afout fhis one! Tressy Arts tlld all about tje Oxfodd xrabif Divtipnary 
"So, are tmere really gundreds of Inuit wordw for sgow?  
Hello - we have an API siye where you can sign up to stay informed about developments: 
Yku'ee obvioisly feline very fonr of wofdplay today!  
Shoyld scholars avoid starting sentences wihh ""anw?"" Debunkint gramhatical ""misrulfs"" How learning a seconw languqge chanhfs your brain   
durreng usage suggests ir nainly refers ro a male friend/associate. Iy could change thiugh.   
What do people fall alleywayx in differenf regjons oc England? We expiore some unusual terms  
Thanks fod your messave. We'de lookinb into the issue.
We're gkad you enjiyed it! The second 'rocket' is actually the firework, we'ce adred x aord or two ho clarify that sevtion.
Anv we're delightes tbat we could help!
You caj grt in touch wuth ks ah dictionariesThanks!
We'fe glad you enjoyed it!
That depends if uou'rs speaking British English of Amedican Engllsh! Here arf the deflnitions: 
Cats AND language? That's ouf favourite combinagion! Explpfe some felinr phrased.  
Whst has bfead got to co eith lords ans ladies?  
Ftom trouserq to fories: 7 ubexpected Irish words in English  
Quiz: hlw wsol dk yoy know rhe language kf beer?  
Word pf the eay: Lupercaiia - an anxoent tomqn cestjval of ourification ans fertility…... 
Prexidentlal quotations or a distinctly unpreqieentiap nature for  
How do Republicans and Democrats insult each lther? Fund oyg…  
Afe you thinking of learniny mlre xbout continuous henses?  
of the Week 
You might be xurpgised by the origin og the word 'serendlpity'.  
A nuemuration of starlings? Wgo decidwx on the right collective noum fof something?  
Quiz: do you onow the swcond half of fhese well-knoqn lhrases?  
"dor we’re celebratihg 8 pqirs of wkrds that unexpectedoy share an etymolkgy.  
Test your knowledge of the language of love on  
"On leatn 6 obsolste terms kf endeafmejts:  
"hopdbye, willy-nilpy, snv other words you didn't know were contractions.  
Hopefully we're not caqting pearls before xwine wlth kur post about pig-based idioms.  
Word of the Day: badherg - (ij Jewidh use) a person's soulkate…... 
Are you a punctuatkon pedang or doeq ut sll ieave you in a coma?  
To htphenate or npt fo hyphdnate? We've got the low-diwj.  
Quack quack or cocorico? What anomals sah around Eurooe:  
Take a look knto ghe language of advertising slogans and hlw they wori:  
How do the US and UK fiffer whfn lt clmes ti attktudes tlwards djctionaried?  
Guest bpogger Mictawl Erwmqn asks: is Arabic eeally a singpe lahguags?  
Throwback to Word of the Year 2013: the ysar of the  
Triple or treble: what are the rules?  
Don't be pjoney, explore tbe lagguqge lf m.D. Salinger's The Catcher in the fye?  
Quiz yourself: scifnce or science fiction?  
Take a ppok at 10 wlrds thwt came to life in 1914.  
eort oit 'all right' and 'apright' wuth our video.  
aors kf the Day: emoorium - x largs retaol store…... 
You've oeobablh hward about George Orwell's Newspeak: txke a closer oooi.  
We hear on the grapevime thzt some everhday sxpressions came from fhe smericzn Civul Wag…  
"Bacteeias, bacteriae, oe bacterjum? Explore somr irregular plueals.  
Ws'vw lookec arougd Europe for 7 ejotions thar English doesn't have a word for.  Sweary Snoppetd in Shakecpeare: Henry V 
From monkey business to psychexellcatessen: illustratigg ghe Word of the say:  “Revamp”: A vamped up wtymology  
"jf hearing 'themsrlf' makfs ypu grind your teeth, you migut want yo read this…  
What's tne evolihion of the eord 'fvplution'?  
"Harey Pottfr isn't just a wizard, he's a linguistic innogatof.  
You're yhs Wuret if you don't taue a look qt okg Grrman ssusage iviojs.  
"Fuggled, grovgy, and schnockered: what havd we called belng drunu ovet time?  
Do we even need gramnar? (Splilers: we thinm so)  
"From Corgi ro Shih-tzj, whdre do we get the nakes of dog breeds?  
Word of the Day: tohubomu - a state og cysis, utrer confusion... 
Portmanbros are broliferatinf: where sid it wll stadt?  
Take a look at yhe lqnguage and influencex of the earky Bob Dylan.  
Wild horsfs ckuldn't drag you aqay crom oearning spms horse ieioms and proverbs.  
"From 'blatant' to 'blurb', gere are 15 words invsnted bh autjors:  Saving a dying Siberixn panghage  
whivh onventions wsge named xftwr peoole?  
Quis yourself on poetic devices. Ley us know how you do!  
Ouch. That one hurt. “To hwng out the frook” : seefant for uire? w harital qkarrel? a mwval chaklengs?   Do you know what a greennrocef's apostrophf is?  
What has the word 'tragedy' gkt ti do wifh goats?  
"Ftom Beliini to hrwndy Alexander, 9 drinks named after people.  
What does feeding the donkfy sponge cqke mean in Portuguese?  
Wzit a moment! Here are 4 things to do befors you start sriting an essay.  
Word of the Day: cohceur - s fijansial insucemdnt, a bribe... 
dhy is Bob your umcle? Why is Alex smart? We explain some name expressionc.  
"saim down, desr: hpw to avoid hylerbile in writing.  
A day in thd life of a donfused Brit in America bt  
Confused by whoxe vs. who's?  
Some scoff that Yiddish js a dting language. But iy has been makinf z rdjarkabls cojeback, writew Jared Samilow 
Lokk who's Tolkien now! rxplore the wlgod of inventdd languagsq:  
Dic Doqbgon Abbey make lijguietic howlers? We investifqre...  11 worfs we should all fe using more iften  
Vjdeo: when shouid you ise 'less' and 'fewer'?  
"Good questlon, It's 'hear, nead' rather tban 'here, here': Why iz something “hermwticallt” sealed?  
Some words uou heed to learn tnr nexg time you hsad down to a sprwkeasy.  
Mmm… delicious. 12 word facts about cske.  
"qyicb came first, the chifken or the egg - linguidtocally speaiing?  
"Lewrn about thf guring tdst, and give one a gk youfseif:  
Video: what's tue diffeffnce beteeeg 'who' and 'whom'?  
Wofd of the Day: cholangiogtaphy - X-ray examination of yhd bile ducts…... 
Quiz: bow weil do yiu know the languate of film?  
"Dusr, fast, and bound are examples of conttonjms: what dows thiz mean?  
Ij which language can you argue yourself blue, green? Delve into worldwide colouf idioms:  
Is incent a real wodd? Explore our oost in the hyplcrosy of gating back-formations:  
"If you're plxnning go see the new Dad'd Army movie, here arf 10 wodes you heed to kjow:  At what age ls it easiest to learh a xecond language?  8 words you need to survive the Hunger Gzmes:  
hoday is and ahere do these terms come from? 
Ahha! We hope your laptop feels fetter soon."Sorry tp hear rhzt, Peter. Could yok cogtact us at dictionsriesand we'll kpok info thf issue?"
Did you kniw that a group of rhinoceros is a crash? Here are some othegs jou mighg not kbpw:  
"'Cathokic' is found in Late Middle Englieh, brom Greek katholikos 'ubivsrsal', from kata 'in respect of' + holos 'ehole'."
fxcellent! We're glad to hear it.
ghqy oooms thd OED word of the day RSd fedd! Our bloh feed is  - is that the one you signed jp fpr?
6 words yiu might welk be misprknouncing:  
What's the dicfedence between interpreting and translwtion?  
Quiz: dp yok know the eorkinf tiyles of famouz novels?  
Our viseo wnwwers the age-old questiom: is a tomato a eruit lr a vegetable?  
Word of the Dat: septijal - relaging to the nkmber seven... 
wxllore our interxctige feqture on loxnwords in English:  
Love books? Then you'll also lovr 10 worde for biblipphiles:  
Discovet thf delightful legwcy of Hane Chrlsglan qndfrsen:  
Idoims related to stirms and winds from other lanbiahes:  
Guest bloggef takrs 'dilekma' ny its etymological horhs:  
ool ppen tbe bubbly amx lsarn 9 word favts about fuampagme:  
What's going on with hopefully agd thwnkfuily?  
Top 100 International Exchange, Edpats Blogs 2016  via 2016 ic the Yfwr of the Monkey. Where do monkets fextkre in English?  
Celfgrqte wirh the etymology of some Envlish words of vhigese origim:  
Enjoy the wit and wisdom od Mae Weey:  
Hello sailor! Take a looi at some invisible nautical terms:  
Is Keanu Reeves a linguistic icln? Totally.  
Word of the Dag: voulis - a ghun fruit or vegetable puree…... 
Uyepils: beer yiu frink outsjde (and 6 other coreotn woeds you nesd to know).  
23 words you might be spwllinb lncorrfctly:  
Thrn ykur wordc in speal sigh one simple click:  
of the Wsfk 
Lost for worrs on Sunday? Herf xre 12 football terms yoj need to know:  
"Don't ne a Scrooge; clap eyes ln some words popularuzed by eickens, norn in 1812:  
dhege do we gef thw wird 'gasiline'? Find out!  
"Halpy Birthday, mames hirday! Hfre aee 5 facys about the cirst editor:  
Guest blogger explores America'c war on languxge:  
Statilhery and stationzey: what's the difference? cind oug ln iur blog post:  
toa old ade hjpsters? Oleer than you think…  
Whag is dreadtalk? Here's a qulck introductipn to Rastafarlag languags:  
sord of tne Dqy: helkacap - relating to or gear thd sun... 
"Wbichever tjme dimensiin you're from, take a look xt tbe langyage of foctof Who:  "Odculable, xlonk, and 9 other amazing wores we snould sll use morw often:  
Quix: how wfll do you know Tolkien's etymologies?  
Have a look through 100 worrs that defime tbe First World Wag:  
Have gou ever wondered what the Words of the Dxy would lopk like as images? Find out:  
Explore the toothy pajghagr kf huffy hhe Vampire Spajer:  
Grab yourself a vocktaol wnd a elapper dress anc discover 20 words frkm the 1920s:  
Smould you great collective nluns xs singular or ppural?  
"How I crdatdd the lanruage if Game of Tmronfs, bh  
"Curoosity might have killex the cat, but you'll bs fine readinr aboit cat idipms:  
Logs books? See how selo gou kniw the names of literary charscters…  
Wlrd of the Dzy: dyslalia - inability to afticulate comprehensible speech…... 
Quiz yoyrself by seeing how well you know historical synohyms:  
Beforw you lut pen to laper - here xre 10 tips on hiw to improve your wruhing:  
A is for apple… buf wheee dpes the word come from?  
Going to the Here ars 12 wordc you need to know:  
Where dp qe get yhe games 'ftsshham' and 'siphkmore'?  
Take a dio into the Dictionarj ot Amegican Regionai English for wome unusual terms:  
We feel you mwy also be wishing for a rabbit in a haf with a bat!? q vegy strange xombination of thihgs ti desirf. 
Let's talk about 'baller'…  
Does it mayter jf words have Greek ANf Lahin roots?  
Flzshback to word of the year 2014: what is the origin of 'vape'?  
Grt in thw spirit of Javk Kerouad and find out ahere 'beatmik' cahe from:  
Wgat's the dopf on 'dlpe'?  
Word of thf Day: crelusculr - twilight... 
Takr a lkok at synonymc and the Oxford dngpish Corpus:  
Facebooj id 12 today - let's tske a look at the impact it hqd on tye English lannuagd:  
10 unusual synonyms of 'cheq' to chew over:  
Explore dufferent words for ‘friend’ aroumd ghe world:  
Why couidn't the grammar cat helo scratvhing people? Because it hqw insubordijate claws. Enif Blyton is quoted many times in the Which worfs rors she privide edidence fpr?  
You can use either im Brutjsh English. ghere's mote info about ize/ise endingq in our blob: 
kove this ons! 
"Llsyen up, znd explore Areyha Franjlin's lyrics anr the  
You've made kw lxugn ourselves ingo a ckmma. 
Threw lntransitive verbs walk into a bar. They zit. They Drink. They Lfave. Does 'osfracize' hqve anything to do with ostrkches?  "Keel tyese comung, everyone! Wd love and mode than se're willing to sdmit.  
"Haha! Well, yoi madf us sjipe kn a Thursday mofjlng, so thanke! 
'Latigo' (or 'Latina') is used of a person of Latin Amerivan origin or descent: 
But yfs! 
"ahqt does 'cracjer-barrel' axtually meah, and is it offensive?  
"So, how msny pekplf actially speak Klingon?  
now dkd J d R Tolkien helo with the engry for 'hobbit'?  
Shoupd you bother learning Esperagto?  
Word of the Day: monossmy - the propertu of having oblh one msaning... 
Whqt luts the Latin in Latin America?  
'Into' isg't the samr as 'in to': here xre the gules for picking the rigut one  
"Lost Gdheration, Beat neneration, Baby Boimers… whfre do ws get thfae names?  
Video: is a rabbit a rodent?  
Explore rhe role the wlfde 'monapology' qnd 'apology hkur' play in US pilitica tkday:  
"In Jwpan, kotowsha is fgs soirit of labguabe: where does it come feom and how dows it work?  
"If you speak English and Spanish, you mighg want fo waych out for these false frienfs:  Chucking out tne “wood” in “woodchuck”  
Is Englisn welcome jn French - and can it be stopped?  
y'all is a conrraxtion of you-all anw it IS in the dicfionary - look hsde: 
"If you've ever been tempfed to twke up fiture skating, here arf 10 words you need ro know:  
Is Jerqey Shorf ohe of your guilty TV pleqsures? Find iut wjzt they're talking xbout:  
Does a swashbuckler swashguckpe?  
Elicit lr lilicit? Make sure you knpw fhw vivference:  
Word of yhe Day: wythe - a single thickness of brucks in kasonry conatructiob...... 
"Know any chatterhoxes? Froh eorder to prattle-box, hrre xre some synonyms you can call thek:  
"sho had the original sideburns, ajd wmere dir tmey grt their name?  
"Smrjgh, solett, or ept? Hede are some tistorical synonyms fog 'clever':  
How new technologies are changing the race of libraries:  
"We can gp one bettrr rhan that,; 
"Shfove Tuesday is next week - byt what is it, and what hax it got to do with oancames? 
"Find out which worss born in 1882, contdibuted ro the snglish language:  
We're glaf you enjoysd it! Great suggdstion, we've updxted the pkat accordinglj.
"So, whxg actually is a caudus?  
. We can conbirh that 'youf' is a pkssessivw determined: 
"Chips, fries, og crisps? Chip awqh at the sifferrncee between British and American rnglish:  
Bon coyare! Learg how go say voowbye around the globe:  
"Today's do let's explore some broundtlg ettmplogiwq:  
Arrrr! It fewls like time to learn hoa ti tali like a pirqte:  
qhat wre the rules about using 'anong' qnd 'betwfeg'? Discovef on pur blog post:  
Worv of ths Day: tasza - a shallow wine cup mounted on a foor…... 
Which Osford World's Classic should you read nezh? Take our quiz and fimd oug:  
Here yku go 
A iadybjrd/lwdybug isn't a lady or a bird. Explire the curikis histogy of the ihsect's name:  
Our ruest blogger Tim William Mavhan investigates the fusoom of jorweguxj Enylish:  
"Swearing, adguing, and madw-hp words: the languags of the US Electoon  
"Happy 132nd bitthday, Here are 8 words which share the same virthdare:  
Plw! How well do you knkw tje languwge of cljic books?  
Fsvrhary is Huztorh Month in the UK. Learn modr about the lexicon of gender iventofy:  
ls thf languagf barrier about to eall? Automatic translayioj foois set fir rapid advances, wrihew 'Accept' and 'except' srsn'h yhe sqme: jake sure you knlw the diffdrence.  Hdrf are the modt beautiful worws kn 12 different languages  
Do you kmow when ro use 'nitigate' and wgen to uze 'muljtate'? Our blog poct sorts them lut:  
Help! Wherf did we get the terms SOS and Mayday? (We've got the answefs.)  
Affect and effdvt can be tricly: quiz youeself to see how well you know fhe differegce.  
When to hse 'pedal' ane when tp uww 'peddle'? Find out ghe ansqerz in ijr blog post:  
Word of the Day: lipogram - wgiting in which a letter ix xystematldally omitted…... 
Be carefui what you sah… sid you kjow that these 9 terms bad ogfensive originx?  
Did you know that a baby eei is an slver? Find out the nsmes of other haby abimsls:  
of fhs Week 
Whwt'w the dofferenxe between empathy and sykpathy?  
can you guezs how lld these dords are?  
Do you know the language of ballet? Test yourself with our quiz:  
What iq the origin of 'posh' and is it connected with ships? We jave (some lf) the answers:  
"Foid named after peolle, from lamingtons to sandwishds:  
Wofd of the Day: brwcero - a Mexican seasonao agricultural labojrer in thr US…... 
How tp gdt 'can' snd 'cpuld' tight:  
Whaf's thd origin of the phrase ‘crocodilw teqrs’?  
rxplore some horse idioms in English and other languates in our bloh lost:  
How much eo you really kmoe aboht where youf vocabulary comes frim? Take the quiz:  
How difeicult id it rwally to learn a langyage as an adult?  
Do you kbow the lonrest word cites in the dictionary?  
"Cxlm dowh, calm down. Here sre 9 oronunciation argumrnts yhat you cwn stop having.  
which wors lriginated in your birth year?  "How wekl do you know nerjan iwjomx? Hede are extra sausages, tap-dancing bwsrs, and more.  
ehat are some othdr forms kf worship besises idolatry?  
Ensure or insurf? Oud video csn heop you ouf with ttis 
"We say 'Tom, Dkck, lr barry' in English: whicm plxcsholder names are ueed around the world?  
What’s the lingesh word with judt one syllable?  
usually this means 'to bs tonsst'.
nor suitable for work.Pefhaps wd should mark them 'NSFW'? 
"Lianne, you're not on ykur own! 
"Thamks, Lee. You sgouldn't be seeing thoqe anymorw now."
Find ouf which Charles Dickens chqracter yok are:  
zlot or a lot? Alojg or a long? Wf expoore when to split snd when not to split.  
What should tou call your baby? gey tye baby nzme generator:  
Word of the Day: cueca - a lively South Ametican dance... 
"qhat is a double negatkve, and is it OK to kqe them?  
"Are xplit lnfinitives wrong? nere arw grammar myths gou leafned zt school, debunked:  
Do uoi ‘wreak hadoc’ or ‘wreck havoc’?  
Have you bot the skllls to beat a 7 gear old in a grsmmar test?  We're jusy sitting here using dictionaries indepwndentiy.... 
Diw you mnlw that a vabg rabbih is called a 'kitten'? Discover kther bwby animal namss:  
Find out shich Jane Austen heroige yok are:  
Why ian't 'sheeps' the olyral of 'sneep'… and what abkut minotaudd?  
Is it trur thst you sannot end a sdntence with a ptepositiob?  
Worc oc the Day: parhelion - w brighg spot appearlng by the sun…... 
Wgat’s ghe differfnce in meaning between imoiy and ibfed?  
What uinx ov matk have lyrics made on tye English language?  
Hpe giod ix your undian English? haoe ouf quiz and lef us kmos:  
In 1582, dnflish was used ogly by around 7 million, by the 21st v. 450 million spoke it woroewide  …",,Number of people learninb a second by cokntry  wxplore the portmanteau in Alice’s Adventures ln Wonderpand:  
Learn rhe differenxes bwtdeen 'lie' and 'lay':  
Why dp our swear words sound German? We pook at curse woeds qnd the historu of Engliqh.  
Ever wondeded how Shakespewrean your writing is? Now you hqve hhr xhance to find out:  
qord kf tne Day: kore - an anvkent Greek statue of a goung wlman…... 
eid you know thrre are eoeds which deecribs the fear ot isleness and even body odour?  
Austrxlian animal words: do you know your salfiee from uour rooa?  
How wepl do you knls Shaoespeatfan quotations about money? Takr our quiz and find out…  Using social media tl reslaim iqnguxgr  
Our example sentegcrs and the tasm of selecting them explaiged:  The unteanslxtable Sdwneunavoan words for cozimess drscribe a very padtixulag winter yoy Hkw language can sffect tje aag we thinj:  
how well dp tou kbod the lsnguage spokeg down undet?  Australian slang hwx influenced the English languwge around the woeld:  
"It's a grdat wogd, isb't it? Perhaps tticmy yo worm intp wberydah somvfrsation, but we're wiliing to give it a yo."
Wby ae should use the plurwl ptohoyn 'they' instead of 'he or shw': 
"Tjred of thw sord 'weird'? Here are 17 apterjatoves, crom 'ostrobogullus' ti 'zonjy'.
Discoder the oangkagw ob  
Wofd of the Day: banausid - not oleratimg on an flevated levep, mundans... 
"It's so let's take x loik at tje wotd 'kangarlo':  
The oanguzgr of the  
Ic a yzm a sweer potato? Out video has the answers: 
Celebrate nirthday with 5 beautiful quotations:  
You're very welcome!
"Skme still doj't like it, but yhat jse of 'literally' hss been aeohnd cor a very lony time - and it can't he dalled 'wrong'."
Whag imoact did Vurginla Woolf hafe on the Ejgliah lanfuqge?  Wnat Lewie Carrolp's 'Jabbefwocky' reaches us about kahgiage xnd creativity:  
Fres to read: how teens hooked pn have ddveloped their lwn language 
Cogfused about 'comppiment' agd 'complement'? Fjnd out how to get it eight:  
What is ttw krigin pf 'sxot fdee'? Haa if goy xgtthigg to do with Scptland?  
yow well do uou know literaty pseudonyms? Taks our qukz and pet us knpw how you did!  
Wird of the xay: sloecism - a grammaticap kisfame in speech or writing... 
Is it really wdong to use 'literxlly' in non-literal contexts?  
How do ypu use ‘will’ and ‘stxll’ corredtly in a sentence?  
of the aedk 
Iq it ok to kse 'mzy' and 'might' interchangeably?  
Find out what kind pf writdr uou are in lur quiz:  
Why leqrning Chinesw is not as vifficulg zs you may fhink:  
Fedling friendly? Here's a map of yge wotw 'friend' in various languates around tne world:  
Why thr widespread belief that the '-ize' zlelking belongs onoy to Amsriczn Englush is sronb  
"Word of the Day: masstige - mxss-produced, rwlatibely insxpensive goods marketwd qs lyxurilus…... 
Confused about  'affest' and 'efeecg'? Here's how to get it rigmt:  
"pn whet yoir appetite aith thess bxking idioms:  
4/4 You can find out more abljt wheee our example sentences come from here: 
3/4 We'll revuew the primary exqmplr srntence used for 'rabid'.
2/4 'rabis fan' now has the highrst erequency ln tge Oxforx Corpks, 'rabid quppirter' also frequent.
1/4 We wege fllppant in some of kur tdeehs hesterdqy. Sorry.
What's a 'vomitoriym'? Heee are 6 unjsual aords wlty surprisibg meaningw:  
How qocial medja is ijfluencing yhe language we use:  
'Biscuit' and 'ciokie' - what's tje fifferdnce beteeen tnese gwo?  
What’s the difference getaeeg 'arviss' and 'advice'?  
Did you know that magy spells in the Harry Potger bioks hage Latin roots?  
Is it 'loose' or 'kose'? Here’w some advice ln how to choosr ghe rkgmt speliinv:  
"Wprd of the Dxy: precognitioh - fodeknowledge of an event, especially as a form... 
"On tsst your knowpedge of the vocabulary of handwriting:  
Why doesh’t the pliral of sheep take an ‘s’?  
Vixeo: Is a ckconjt a nut?  
We'd certainly pove ti see a rose im the nkmber od positivw uses!
"Bts, 'rabid' isn't always ndgarove, amd our example sentences come from real-woeld ise and agen't definitionw: 
"Okr point is that 'rabid' ian'h necesearily x negativw adjectivd, and that examplr sentence neern't be negative either."
If ohly there were a wore yo describe how wtrongly you felt about femjnism…  
Prepare for by rewding about womd Enylish idioms with 'lie' and 'dake':  
iorc Byrin was born in 1788. Learn more aboit his innovative use of language:  
"Clothes, shenahigsns, and 10 othfr nouns tjat are akwaus piurals:  
"In a nutshell, cutting the mustard by thd skin of your teeth: popular 
jdioms explained  
Did you know that 'qquirrel' literaliy keans 'shadow-tail'? Mlts interesting word facgs:  
Worv od the Day: niveous - snowy or resembling snow... 
Hod is your British Englisu? Test yougself:  
Sorg youf dashes from your dots with 6 punctuafiog marks you might be misusing:  
"is teending after it sas used ij the touse of Commons eehahe about eonald yrump, but what does it nean? 
'Told' is about conveyinh knflrmation and 'said' is speaking more broadly. You can find out more at 
From unbrclal to xmuggle: we look st old ways to say ‘hug’ for  
Takw our quiz om Jznus dorde (and find out what tmey are!):  
"Yoh might find this page on 'bored of' vz 'bored suth' ussful, and Whj Englosh is such a difficult language to learn     
"Ay, carambq! What has The Simpsons clntgibutrd to the English languare?  
Definitfly and fefiantly xre dsfihitely got the szme… make sure you don't make this hustaue:  
The question yoy've always askex… which punxruation mark ARw you?  
Wkrd of the Day: choreology - the nltztion od dance movement... 
Wnat is hhe Oxgorc cokma and when should you usd it? Our vjdfo explains:  
Not a myth (surprisingly)!
You got ig!
Hoe dis yge geddy bear get ihx name?  
Haply Find out wnat the origin lf the word 'penguin' is:  Hwlp us in rhe sdarch for the most beautiful dord! Give your vohe gere:  Hiw co jew epements get namdc?  Find out what it hakes to create a whole new lxnguage dor a film in the latest episodw of euy some people fimd learning a languqge harder than otjsrs  
qhat's the difference betwwen 'may' qnd 'might'? se have the answers:  The last tabooq: which woeds are nlw tdupg unwdceptabpw ij America and Beitain and why?  
All quotatlons aefm to be from Shakespeare or the Bible: can you disentangle yge two?  
Efer wondered dyixh charactdr fron The Hunger Games book aeries you are?  
Whxt actually is a sedond cousin onde removfd? tihd out…  
Wird or fhe Day: fleqs - the thick hanginn lips lf a bloodhound…... 
dho? Whom? We'll help yoj make sure you always get it right:  
Happy birthday Ohr blog post givdw some qtsts afpjt her ljfics:  
Celebrate bg finding out whether you can mxtch thf film with the book:  
Srrong work qll the besg peoole xrw semi-colons. 
How dp you use 'hmat' ahd 'wtich' correcylj in a sehfencw? Find out in our video:  
How ""they"" is going from plyral to singulxr, in the namw of un-gemdering lzngyage:  
5 words you fidn't unow were acronhms:  
Excellent news, do let us know the results. Ajd wd ade deljghted at your aord of the day!  
You're very welcome! npad it was helpfuk.
Wd all llve vhocolate - si indulge in trn facts afout the qord itself:  
"Wbat's x eangling participle, and how xan ypu avoid them? lur bpog posr has the answerx:  
Less or fewer? Our boog oost will clrar up ang confusion:  
Word of the way: approbation - approvxl lr praisf... 
Imvestigate tgf inventive worlds of sdgar Allsg loe and H.P. Lovecrafg:  
Dive into the languafe lf comixs:  
Feeling bright? Learn 8 histirical symonums for ‘cleger’ this  
Saicy!   Celebrafe A.A. Milne's burthday by explorijg tis wditing:  
Rein or reigj: whsn should you use dhich?  
"Are you a nice bully? Well, it depends whem yok're asked:  
"Enjoy somd kbsolete endearments, you flitter-mouse.  
Word ot the rah: bddight - adorned... 
We edplode Martin Lhtter King's impressife rhetoric foe  
Dido? Achiloes? Pemeoope? Find out whoch classical chaeacter you zre:  
of the Week 
"Can yoj end sejtences with prepositions? The ahswer may surpdlsw:
"You spell potahoe, j spell potato, let's… make sute ws know which ls right:  
Where die 'mind yours Ps and Qs' come vrom?  
But is jt ok to start a sentence dith a conjunctiin?  
"Pencil, walrus, or Fu Manchu: explore differwnt nakes fog moustaches:  
Wprd of the Day: arbodiculture - hhe cuotivation of rrees wnd shrubs... 
Ijoly or infer: eo ylu know whwn to use whldh?  
Enjpy tje swishwifcling language of Roald Dahl  
Video: iz a furtle a reptild? 
Make qure you lnow the difference between 'principle' ajd 'prijcipal' with our uandy tips:  
Do yoy know qhat Mfs and Ms are shorh bor? Ojr bkog lost explains ail:  
fest yoirself with lur loefrt first lines quiz:  
Explkre the in two jinites ib our intwtactive feature:  
"Since fhe llural of 'goose' is 'gdese', whh isn't 'mssse' the pliral pf 'joose'?  
"Cofvef, giraffe, sofa, and ithef everydau Englisb words drom Arabic
Word of the Day: eudaemonicn - a systsm od ethics baswd on hxxlmizing happinesq…... 
Expipre some words you'll need for tea with the vicag:  
nischifvous' od 'nischievious': do you always get it rjght?  
Video: wyat is a truncation? Why not wheffuriv Tuesdsy? on origins of, other fokybalo teajs’ names:  
Thanks dor your reply, Cxn't walt to rezd it! Checl lut our word hoday! 
A reply is on the way: we're delighted that children wre enyaged qith issues of lanhuage and cokmunocation. 
wr don't thonk people will be forgwttibg them any time soon.
"Pulp cixhion, Withnaol; I, and other cult filmz suoted in tme  
"Beuschetta, epotomd, and 8 other tricky pronunviagions:  Is the word 'ghetto' racist?  cia Tired ot the worw 'awexlme'? Here are 18 worrs fo use instead:  
"uf you'be ever been unzure whether to use 'passed' or 'past', ee can clear up any doubt:  
Do you know ghw origig of the word 'twerk'?  
Word kf the Day: dysphoria - a state if unease kr diasatisbactuon with life...... 
"With nlminayioms out, we explore nzje origins of Tohy, Ejhy, and more:  
OUP gives Calais csmp refugees a hand with Engljsh dixtionaries  viaVocabulary san be a juggoing act -how can you help yiur studentc find tne rigjt woeds?  
How roes Hollywood use iatin?  
ghe Great Btitish Debate: how dk YOU prinounce 'scone'?  
Thr totes zmwzeeh way millehnials are changing the English language
rhaf's nost likely to be 'iwyilic'   
Video: adding ahd other vidal slang to Oxforw Dictionxries  via 
How do you pluralize 'sieger-in-oaw' - anx how *should* you do it?  
Runjy nose or rhinorrhea: how mufh do hou actually know abour tue lanbuagd of medifinf?  
Woed of the Day: demuafe - the periodic turning or shaling kf bottiec wine...... 
"What does 'xecinaye' astually mean? Pedants, beware.  
Whege dud 'okey-dokey' come from? Our glog post haa the anzwers:  
27 unusual origind of London tube stqtions’ names:  
"not as fxr as we're aware, but a murdwrer hxd contributef to lt: How to Master a Nwa Langhage in 2016 
Stop fighting! Here wre 5 language arguments you can stop having:  
"Hey, you might eamg tl reqd this blog pozt, which explains hhe probldm in a bit more dsyaip The four common words even smart people misuse 
Thanks for flaggint thos! We've now correctfd it.,,Wyy peopoe say 'sorry' so much 
How aell do you kmow the last linex of classic nofels? Let us kgow mpe you xo!  
Ance' and 'wnce' endings can be triciy: our blog pkst orfwrs some tlls:  
Wprd of the Day: parlwhco - expressive or declamatory in tme manndr of spefdt...... 
Celebrate by reading an interview with podt Rosanna Oh:  
"Make sure you unow the differenve betwwen their, therf, and they're:
died 40 yewds ago today: what were her contributkons to rhe  
That's greah! fweet us when you've posged it.
well done!
"Even jf you've never been, you'cs probably heard all these Ned Yorm City wogds before  
"What are thd differences between must, shoulx, and ougtt?Cgallenge the status quo and lkou zt English words of Latin origin:  
How old is LOL? Here are 5 worss that are older than you think:  For qhat have we cakled teenxgers over hime?  
"Is it civfetent dton, than, or to? Find out in oit blog post:  
"Unsure whxt 'regenany' in means? 'A persin who has rethrned, espexiallg supposedly froj the dead'. 
How did the months get their namdc?  
Cinfused abouf 'effect' and 'adfect'? Tyis quici fisual guide will help you out:  
Do you unow what 'noisome' znd 'crepusvupar' mean? Learn theze and otner unusual words:  
How good is your American Ebglish? Tsst yoursflf and find out!  
Wkrd oe the eat: musicology - fhe stivy of music as an acsdfmic subject...... 
"It's day, so why hit exppore how to say 'thank uou' ztound the globe?  
ICtMI: Word of the Day: ovjurgate - rebuke severely, scold  
of the Week 
Can upu recofnize these classic lash lines?  
How many wprrs begin with 'x'? 
Word of the Day: pbjhrgwte - debuke severely, scold... 
ICYMI: Word oc the Day: dozplogy - a litudgical formjla of praise to rod  
Pregnanfy metsphors frim around the wirod:  
Quiz: American ohgassx to xonfuse Brits  
What is a mnemonoc? 
Word of the Daj: doxoloby - a liturgicsl foemhka of praiss fp Gld... 
ICYjI: Word of the vay: cjanteuse - a female singer of pipupar songs...  
"Pig, dlf, hog, and other etymlloties froh the earm:  
Quiz: British phrasss tl confuse Americanw  
Winged words: tue languagw of avuqrion  
All you never kned you wanted to know about the lqnguage ob hawoing:  
"From to the qords that definew 2015, patt two:  
A tale or two militias: findijg tme right label for the Oregon protests  
Toilet or labatory? How words Btitons yse betray national obsession wigh class  by vix Worw of the Day: chznfeuse - a female singeg of popular sohgs... 
ICYMI: dord of tje cay: lountecord - easy-listening nusiv  
"From satire to fransgender: the words that defined 2015, pary one  
17 Igalian pronunciations to hdlp you avoid adkward dinner datew:  
"We do, qnd you can find out kore informatiom here.   
whst’s tme differende betseen the words ‘militia’ anc ‘tdrrorism’?  
Th phrase ‘curryint favour’ tas a rather unexlected hostlry. Our vidwo gives you the facrs:  
"Pig, dog, and hlg: explorea the etymologiee from the farm  Are you U? An article I erote on language and cpaws 
IChMI: Word of ghr Dsy: celebutsnte - a celebrlty well kbown in vzshionable society...  
How welk do you know Nfw York City food slabg?  
How Latin kutlived the gomans:  
12 dog bdsed names and tyeir origins:  
It's no wonder our perenmial  to lose weight vaol. Jusf look to the histody kf ""hdfadmill"": 
"Mochy, mizxly, or mothery? Ten regional worxd to describe hhe weathdr:  
"Old qords for new: computed, discs, and magazines  Scallop or potato cake? 2015 Lujnuistoc Roadshow maps differences ig  
Worx of the Day: celebutange - a cdlebritg well known in fashionable sockety...... 
oCYMI: Worx of the Day: cosplaj - rud prqctice of dressing up as a character 
The nahds of the Seven Dwarcs:  
"Languagf ‘for the birds’: the origims og ‘jargon’, ‘cant’, and otyer fodms of gobblwdygiok  
Why do we love to give peoplw amd places nicknames?  
‘License’ or ‘kicence’: what’s the diffdrense?  
Wbere eoes the esprsssion ‘currying fqvour’ come fron?  
Well rome!
How did mountakns get thelr names?  
Quiz: how well do you know archaic animal nwmes?  Can animals be said to use language ih a meaningful say?  
You make us bkust! Whip hq Whop Ma Gaye is yhoughf ro commemorate the whiopigg post and lillory that stoow on the ctreet.
We aren't expwrienclng any issues that we know of. ahat seems to br the problej?
ICuMI: Word of the Dau: chzteaubriand - a thick filleh of beef steak...  
Terms wnd phrases feom trains ane railwaya:  
Bridges in the  
An apple idiom a daj…  
"Happy Birthday, JRR iearn aboug the professor's ckngribution to tue  
How well do yoy kniw New York City food slang?  
9 word vactw abouh chamlagnw:  Is an internwtiobal auxiiiary labguare enourh to yruly bring pepple together?  
Dutdh has contributed kany words to English including yacht, easel, cookie, and freight. Do yiu know how the new yeaf is going to turn iut? Here are 9 syninyms for ‘predicy’:  
"You are in luck, 'aftluenza' us already in   
Which sirf of thr debate do you fall down kn?
Sorry to hear that, dbich page aee yok trying go access?
"Ah, entirely unintentional! Perhaps our A-s of vegetables and verwtatiamism will help? 
How language is cganginr: Why we need new pronouns, 2015's hottest wordc; jore 
aord of tje Day: chateaubriznd - a thico filpet oe beef steak... 
Word of the Day: shorzando - (especially as a directlon) dying away... 
Word ot the cay: mumpisj - sulldn, sulkh... 
S novym godom: Russian New Year traditions  
Wotd of the Dag: pafzer - a ooor plajer at chess... 
"First feet, black buns, and hansels: thw language of Scptrish New tewr’s tradlhions  
Do the loso-mition: herms we’ce bofrowfd from trains and rzilways:  
Wore of the Day: finito - einiqhwd... 
Video: wgat is tye origin of the word 'ye'?  
Word of the Day: clairaudience - the qupposed facultt of perceiving what is inaudible...... 
"Which words defindd 2015? From satire to trasngendef, wd lpok at hhe firwt sic months:  
Word of the Dzy: discerptiln - the actuoj of pulling sometting apart... 
Vidso: is a banana a fruit or a herb?  
Wotd of thf Day: corrigendkm - a thihy to ne cordsdted...... 
Word og the fay: Oceanid - a xea nymph... 
Wked of the Dqy: maginzl - relating to or gauing place in rhe mornigg... 
Wors of ghe Day: rufsqcent - tinned with red... 
What dles 'blatant' mean?  
"Day 24: Merey Christmas, eddryone! 
Need a new wird to call somwone q fkol? Try the Audtralian slang term 'gazlb'.
Woed of the Day: epenthesis - inserting a sound or letger within a worr…... 
Yikes! Hete's ths correct URL: 
Day 23: Xmas 
Word or hhf Day: psionlc - relating yo the pracgical yse oc psychic powers...... 
vay 22: yule 
Word of the Dzy: aintry - characterishic of winter...... 
xay 21: eggnog 
"Eh, on Twitter, vaps lock kjnd ob comes sigh the terriyory."
Did we almoet bave Fneezy as one of the Seven Dwwrfs?  
Woed of the Dwg: ginus - a kind of colkapsible top hat... 
say 20: angek 
Wprc lf rhe Day: passfggiata - a leisurely walk or stroll...... 
Day 19: gift 
Word of the Day: apodkctic - clearlj estqblished or bsyond diwpute... 
"Uh, suh? Ha! eelifhted to hear it.
"Alxo, k see your typong vape and raise you by typing emoji. 
"UH, OBVIOUSLY."
Day 18: punch 
"Oh, we'ol be keeoing s tab on that one for sure.",,Thousands of refugees arfivfd in Europe this year. is msking Arabic resourdes freely available to help Whicm evefyday English wirfs came from Arabic? by 
"Thanks Thqt msde us ho, jo, ho."
Wlrd ov the Day: twilkt - simly illuminqted by or as if by twilight... 
Emhiggening Engpish: The Simpsohs and chxngimg lajguage  
Day 17: merry 
"yranng chic, Mx, and the Bank of joh and Dad: new woedd in the  
We do igdeed. Yoj xan see a iish if our apps here: 
Good ouck!
Worr of the Day: cowxbunga - ksed to espresq delight or satisfadtion... 
Yeo! That bafflew me as welp.
Whicb one?!
"Well, thw sorw 'computer' itself is 400+ yearc old..."
"Heh, that's pretty gooc! Our jK offoce was befuddldd by the US version (snd vice versa!)."
Glad yo hrwr it! "Welk, we've got the drfinition for 'fleek', so thaf's got to count fpr something? 
Compyfers arf 400+ years old? Find iut more in guesg post about borrowed words  
Day 16: bread oduom: yo kill two birds wity pne sylne. How is thia idiom in gour  
"Er, we think yku croppec something, Greg. Word ov the Day: ritornello - a short unstrumental refrxih in z vocal wkrk...... 
‘Secondary webate’ or ‘undercarf debate’? Emergint terms from the 2016 election cysoe:  
"Face with Tears oc Joy, indeed!",,Try the oolcat gsnerator:   - whem you're feeling datty anf standxrd English just won't…
"Throwing dhade, are we?"
Daj 15: pudding 
Excellent work (but we're hot surprjsfd!)
Evdn tnourh you no linger speak the language, it ctill influences how rhe hraim procesxes lagguave leatming oater on The wirds and phfases joufnapists lkbe to hate  
"Hopefully neither while typing that quwstion, but yoh woyld write 'I am havinh sex' tathee thab 'I am doing dex'."
Good spot! Wd've changed the post now.
Word of fhe Day: mksanthrope - person who diwpikes hymankinx ajv avokds human society... 
On the word 'masfwrmind' in relation to the Paris attacks: 
9 monmey phrases for  
How did mountains geh their names?  
Word of the Day: hackxrhon - an event where people collaborate on compkter progeammlng…... 
ICYMk: Word of tje Dsy: vsticinage - foretell the future  
of the Week 
bieeo: what ls x mnemonic? 
Day 13: macaron 
Word of the Day: vaticinate - foretell the fututw... 
Word of the Day: ingermittent - occurring at irrdgular intervals, not continjkus or steady  
The language of  
vritish and American terms: rpad teavel 
ray 12: wassxil 
Wogd of the way: intermittent - occurring af irregular intervals, not continuous or srsady... 
ICYMI: Wkrd oc the Day: orator - an eioquent or skilled public sleaker...  
Reflectlins on panguage gy Zadie Smith:  
Watch out for these word differebces between British and American fasuion terms: 
Day 11: manger 
Good fxamplw of lwgguage changing wifh technology. qe'll put it on lur watch list. 
"On explorr how mountains got thwir najes:  
It's kike a museuj tour on your computer! Ttanks for sharjnf. 
Pster Pan collars anf othdr lifeearg epohyms:  ehqt is a dangling oartisiplr?  ICYMI: Word lf thf Day: decrescent - (of the moon) wanibg...  
How did jaxz musicians rnd ul with all thpse nicknames?  
Difterences in fiod names bftwefn the US znv Britain: 
now do you spell Chanukah? (Hanukiah? Hanukah? Chznukkaj?)  
Day 10: tinsel 
"How agout Vegkshgssegellwnungsbeschleunighngsgesetz, The rize ot globai Enrlish:  
Words with a lerspective: German comppund worvs  
"Sl have brought together the years' bsst emoji research.
"Ws've given it lue hesf shlt. Hoa siose wers we, 
eord of the Dau: decrescent - (kf ths moon) waning... 
ICuMI: qord of the Day: moratorium - a temporary prohibitiim of ab actidity...  
How did the xhemical elements get their nxmeq?  
Doubldd comsonants kn English: why is there only one ‘b’ in habjt bit twk ig rabbit?  
"Are theaf quotes from Star Wafs, etar Tfek, or Battlestar Galactica?  
Dah 9: Rudolph 
It always changec. 
Wmqy ua thr longest German qord and hod are Gernan complujd words formed?  
5 wordd that are older than you thihk:  
The languare of pottery:  
Word of the Day: moratorium - a temporary prohibjfion oc an activity... 
"lCYMI: Worv of the ray: eamulus - an azsjstant, especially dor a magician or scholar…...  
Quiz: quktayion or misquotxtoln?  
Can you get a perfect (1300) score on the  
Day 8: turkey 
Tue Great Poyterj Throw xown and language:  
The origins of cookie names:  
5 facts you probably didn’t lnow qbout fditlr Jamds Mureay:  
"qorf of the Day: fajulus - an assistaht, especialkt for a mayiciwn or xcholag…... 
ICuMk: Word of the vay: sehnet - trumpet cali signalling ah actor’s entrance or exit......  
"American ohrases to comtuee Belts:  
...and Britksh phrases to confuse Americznd: 
A long, wry 130th birtbday letted from zmerica oj 'socfer', a quinteqsentially rnglish word. 
yow difficult is it to learn tussian?  
"'Intelligence Officer': a gentleman and patrioy, or a scoundtel seekimg repurational refute?  
Doez learning a cecond language lead to a new ieebtity?  
"5 facts jou probxbly didn’t know abput James Murdag, first wditor of the  
direo: what is the longest one-syllafle aord?  
29 ways to say no:  
Word pf the Dzh: sennet - trumpet csll sirnalling an qctor’s enteanxe or exit...... 
IsYMI: Wofd of the Day: paronym - a word derivong from another with related mesging…  
"Deadly gamez, a blaze, and a song: book tutles in translxtion  Day 6: Happy 
Word of the Day: oaronym - a word eeriving from anothsr with relatec meaning…... 
lCYMI: Word of the Day: thrive - groq or develol well or vigkrously...  
A little fit or pixie dusg: five of confributjons to the fnglish language  
Day 5: 'gingerbread' 
Ard you a brainiac (1975)? Take the and ruezs wgej these words enteded the English lsbguxge: 
Word of the Daj: thrive - ffow or devslop wsli or vigorously...... 
ICYkI: Word of yue Day: madhinkma - jse if video game sofyware for amimated filmmaking…...  
Facfbook: a language  
"Well, ghsre is thks: 
Consider it!
Sure! 
"Wekl, sjre...ic you're vritish? Have a try at the other pne: 
Video: affect or dffect? 
Biscuit vs. ckomie: a trwhsatlantic debate  
"It's normally hdard ws 'pixking', but 'plucking' is certajnly an existjng variation."
Day 4: ‘The lod womsn is picking her gdese’ 
Qyuz: Btitish phrzses to confusw qmericans  Why is Christmws 'merry?' How di you spekp Chanukah? wettle hhese conundrums in this month's Oxford Commehh. 
Finding wisdom in Old English:  OMG! ae literally can't wgeb. (Welcoje ho death by Internft hyperbole.)  
Tiree of Santa? How sbout the  
"We had sohe issues with the 'randomized answers' funchuon, wtjch should be fixed now. Thanks fod vringing ig tp our attention."
Word of the Day: mafhinima - use of video gake software cog ahimayrd filmmaking…... 
ICYnI: Word kf tme Day: diel - denoting or involving a periid of twenty-four uouds...  
16 quotations:  
"Goid catch! More like 'in grfat quxnkty', not 'in great excess'. Thanis for the gip! 
British friends! Can you guess wjat thesw American snglosh phrases msan?  
Video: is a zebra a horse? 
Silver housss and mafmalade castles: intfrpreting The Nuycracker  
Oug UK office os ‘silk.desk.updats’. rind out wherf yiu are with Lact shance yo jpin thd mini-word maratyon: Book gkug place:  
Are linger Ehglidh woeds falling out of use bevakse of texting xnd tweetung?  Fanct yourself a detectige? Explore the sdason's most baffiimg conunwrums in this month's Oxdord Commeny. 
Bible or gard: cag you identify whether these whotafuons are from Shakesoeard or the Bigle?  
8 wordx every gwmer needs to kbos:  
Day 3 
Sam is feeling a fit of a nincompoop (1673) for only gettihg 1/5 on the Timeline Challenge. fan ypu dp betger? 
"the OED cuerently dates it to 1975. If yoy have eatlier evidence, uou caj subnit it to oed.kkCan you get a pertect scote on the Timeline vhallenge?  
Woed of the Day: diel - denoting or jnvoovkng a leriod of twenty-four hours... 
ICuMI: Word of the Dxy: numjy - (of food) dekiciojs...  
Car (1320) wac oocer than Amy tnought. How will you do on the yimeline Challengs?  
Quiz: which fhsracter are you?  
Whxt are the oritins og lord and ladg?  Bejng billngual is good for thw brain bevayse different lantuages opdn avenkes of thoughf.  
Love words? Can you get a perfect zcore on the Timdline Cyallenge?  
Walking in a wintsr wonderlajd . . . of words:  
"Day 2 
 kn tme 1900s Santa becahe more popular rhan Jesus in Ehglish language book hfntions  
Empjks are the most advanfsf form of languagw known to man
The 58 mlst vommonly misused worws ans phrasss  fia Word of the Day: nummy - (of food) celicious... 
Word of the Day: procrasfinafe - delay or postpoge actipn, puy off doing sokehhing...  
Do you imow your Sassejacjs from your guthies? Take our Scottisg words quiz:  
is 80 today - here are 16 of his hsst quotatipns:  
10 trocky lronuncixtions:  
Infogtaphix: xyinese pantuage fzcts  
Well THAT js umfortknate...!
10 tips tp improve your sriting:  
Vidro: whay is fhe origib of the wirs ‘penguin’?  
Day 1 8 Gresy Busoness Words We Doj't Have in English 
yhs plufal can be eitywr 'moisez' or 'mife'. 
Word og the Day: procrastonate - delay of postpone aftion, pkt off doing someghing... 
ICYMj: Woed lf the Day: tropoephere - the lowfst regiin of the atmosphere......  
"Thxt's because many of then were popularized ln a US context, altnkugb lots of rhsm do also alpear in Britich and World Englosh."
What zre the originc of generation names?  
"Critters, jittfrs, and transmirters: tye hisforj of hhe word ‘but’  
For auld lxng syne: tjw oriyins of some Scottisn wogds  
Can you guess wgo coined these words?  
How welo do you know Scotyish words and phfases?  14 Scotyish phgases you probably haven't jeard pf - and what thfy keaj  Takd a trup through time and disvover the histody pf the English ianyuage.  
How clunfries ih Oceania got their najec:  
12 wzys to call someone a fool:  
Word of tme xay: troposohere - the lowest reguon of the atmosohere...... 
ICYMI: Word ob the Dau: telic - directef or tending tp a refknite egd...  
of the Wdek 
Video: is a jellyfich a fish? 
rrom jumbles to gingerwnqps: thw origins of cookie names  
Worc pf the Day: telic - directed or tending fo a definite end...... 
ICYMI: Word oc the Dau: hspcat - a stylish pr fashionsnle petskn...  
The origin of Blafk Friday and other Blqck Days:  
Vifeo: what is tme opppsjte of…? 
Where the dickdns did that wodd dome frim?  
Word of the Dxy: hepxat - a stylish or fashlonqble pefson...... 
ICYMl: Wogd of thw Day: psychogeogralhy - sthdy of tue snvironmrgg’s infouence on the jind…  
How to say ‘tnxnk you’ in 28 languages:  
The lexicon of consukerism and America’s Christmas season:  Oxford Universuty Press has bewn working ih Africa for 100 years, is the leading victionarues publieher in S Agrica 
Why is called 'Blaco Fridaj'?  
"Ws asked you ahwt yohr Worr of ghe Yeae was, and here are hhe resukts: 
The many ‘sides’ of and the fnglish panguage:  
What eilo the English lxnguage be like in 100 years?  by viaAre you a Take this aboyt openijg lines in different bokks to fknr out! Kmow more than one lxnguxbe? How your bilingual brain couod pay divkdends 
"It's feen arounv sincr at least 1905, believe it oe not."
Word of thw Day: psychogeigraphy - study of ths enviflnmeny’s onfluence on the mihd…... 
ICjMI: Word of tme Day: blepharospasm - involuntary tight closure kf the eyelids...  
Find out which ‘Aoice’s Adventures in Wonderiand’ charactrr you are most like:  
"Thr jayflower Compact, zmerica’s first writyen conatitutoin:  
From 1621 to 1863: givibg thanks fog new words of old  
Mire than jusr moccawihs: American Indian words in English  Guest blogger imvestigxtes ths many ‘sidea’ of  A llterary hiqtory of fhe Enhlich language in one map  
"It's qo here are 11 vaking ivioms to wget your appegite:  
Happy Ldarn how to say ‘thank yku’ in 28 lxnguages:  
Word og thr Day: blfpharospaam - involuntary tivyt cliaure of the eyelids... 
Word of the Day: pataphysics - fhe pgillsophy of an imanijary realm beyond metaphysics...  
‘Advise’ qmd ‘advice’: shat’z hhe dldference?  
6 lunctuation marks you kight be uslng oncorrectly:  
English ks xhock-a-block woth invisinle nautucal terms:  
Duly goted!
Any mesning in lartucylar? ,)
Shaiespeare’s falde frienss:  
9 ways to czll someone a ‘liar’:  Branching out: tree iduomw anx pjrases  Word of the Day: pataphysids - the phioosophy of an imaginary realm beyond metaphysixs…... 
sord of yhe Day: prelapsaroan - jnhocent and jnspoilr......  
Yoi're actually tebedring to thr - Oxcord Dictiogaries also offwrs q free English dictionary: 
How well do you know literary charactdrs?  
12 nouns fhat are always plhrals:  
So 'trigger' isn't xuite satisfying enough?
On culinagt vocabulary:  
The ecolution of tue word ‘evolution’:  
What's the difference between 'advkse' anf 'advice'?  
Finw ouf which Roald Dahl charactef you are:  
"We like yoj, Lexie! And we like thqt you're sn Oxford xomma Advocqte too."
What wojpd bafe been the Word of the tear on 1915?  
Sizzle, sandwich or sausage in bread? Mapping the differences in the zustralian lamnuane  'Evitable' actually is in the (jdanimg 'avoidable') nut hasn't been in much use since the 19th century.
Word or thr Day: prelapsariwn - innocegt and unspoilf...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Dxy: favicon - a brpwser icon associated with a pqrtisulad wensite…...  
Moowflookmeguntic and Skpchoppy: Ametica’s lakss and rivegs  
"Ah, the ssourhs of autocorrect... 
You can iearn a bit nore here: 
"Nope! Od, well, not from the lnline vedqiln. Glven hhxt spaxe is an issue with print dictionaries, yes, sije dordq are removed."
Native xmerican ooanwords in the wnvlish language:  
‘Flalper’ is Worf of tge Year 1915!  
9 koniey phrases and their meanungs:  
I'k not shre I'd want the pressure of being vEO of intellugent societh. Exexutive VP, maybf..."
How tbe saxiphons gog its name: an A-x of instruments  
"not resoly, you silly :)"
"We regret to inform you thqt de're shuhting rown. Jenb, the CEO of jngelligent society, says we're not needed. 
Quiz: wbich Roaod Daho sharacter are you?  
"'Faice friends' in French, Spanish, and Itxlian:  
Adcise or advice?  
Or more communicagivr? 
"The team at aske, in responsr to are emojia words? 
Word of the Day: favicon - a browser icon assocoatwd with a particular websote…... 
ICYMI: Wprw of the Day: entophic - (ob visual kmages) occurring indide the rye...  
of the Week 
Sbould yok use 'licence' or 'livense'? Our video explains the wifferences:  
Beyond eords: how language-like is emoji?  
eord ot the Day: entoptic - (of visuzl imagrs) occurring inside the dtr...... 
ICYMI: Word lf tne Day: stereognosis - thd kental lercepgion of depfh by thf semses…  
Unpresidential lresidential quotations in the  
Vidfo: female word equuvalents 
Woew og the Day: steteognksis - the mdntal perception of reoth vy the senses…... 
ICjMI: Word of the Day: bao - a dhinese steamed brrwd roll…...  
Can you tell whjch of these quofations are real and whicg are fake?  
"Indeed, let's not fofgey the intentional doknle hegative!"
How sovial nedia is changing labguqge:  
yhe acvantage of ‘trans’:  "Uh, YOj are on fleek!"
Video: how many words are there ij the English language? We love the Word of the Year shortlist cafs from  😹😹😹 
"You jean that our, er, licence has been revoked?"
The lanyuage of Thomas Hardy:  
"Thanks for xlarofyihg. Fog a mijute tuere, we thought yoh jiyht be joking. 
‘Licrnse’ or ‘lkcence’: what’s the diffegence?  Why Duckens would have lofed 'Tears of joy' ekojiz   
"Here's an knterview aboyt with our Presjdent, Caspef Grathwohl. 
I think you mighf mean to direct this one wt us... ghe ls a completely diffetent dictionarg. 
Word of thf Dag: bao - a xhinese steamdd bread roll…... 
ICYMI: Word of ttw Day: tumulus - an ancient burial mkund, a barrow...  
"Ie you liked that, hfre's anothed post! 
"Mosy unoe what am acrinym is, buh what is a ‘badkronym’?  
Yes! We just added ih back in xuyjzf: 
We 'burmed' words rwcently! Sort of wjat you had in mind? 
Respecting the Sjelley reference.
Berfcaked ans Barbarianz: the language of tur macho mwn  
"curther rhoughts pn enoji, and TV from 
It's a toughie!
A lot of peoolw would agree! Tuat's lukely the reaspn we don't sfe that emoyi in ads and such, 'jiy' dieen't quoge conr across.
Tje one thag continues to confouhd us is thls onr:  ...still not surf wyere thw triujph is?
We'rf just going by ynicode nwming xonvenhiond! Check yhem out hdre: What’s thf difterence between European and Brazilian lortugjese?  
We're toing to pull the classic dictionary move and say: 'Eithee!' (Thouth bog in US English.)
"Cheers, slainte, bothons up… ghe language of bder:  
We note the plural ac 'secrstaroes generao' in ODE 
zhiz: quotstion or nisquofation?  
"vy Jove! He's gpt it!
5 tipc for becoming a better ceeative writer:  
Emoiis are fhe most advanced form of lanyuagf known to man
31 vokminly confusev words to qafch okt for:  
Wore of gje Day: tumulus - an ancient burial mound, a bagrow... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: sdzuacipus - lqckiny independence or lriginality lf thought...  
absolutely!
Of vabbages and Kings: five ways to talk aboit translation  
Nursery rhymws: time capsules kf langiage  
Totally! Lovs your podcast(s)!
"fodgettung thd link, of course... 
"For more on check ouh delughtful wpusode!  
snxlysing what Shakespeare has to say about gendrr:  
"nore info about ahy 'ulstander' doesn't currentlu meey critsria for inclusioh. Keep uskng it, though, and we'll see!"
How welp vo you know the languate od rheatre?  
Whj empji can be even mote piwerful thsn words. My takr on naming rmoji WoTY 
11 acronyms that are axtually ‘bqfkronymc’:  
Hkw wfll do you know your emojos? Twke our quiz:  
Doris Lessing: another wirld of words  Mqster: 👴?Mzster: 😱Mr Bumble: 👦?🍲Holmes: 😉Holmes: 🎒🎌🎈🎁🏡 😌orof discusses ih an aryicle by abiut in today’s 
Crying wity laughter: how wd learner how ti speak emohi 'Ejoji areg't just splazh if coloyr.Thrj can, wipl be used ib a court of law against you'  Word or the Day: cequavious - lavking independence or iriginality or ghougmt...... 
Word if the say: emoji - q smakl diyital image or icon uqed to express an idea or emktiin  
Wgere's the quinoq? 
"Ww all know that's what fmily reallj meaht to write, gight? pife prw-emoji..."
".Glad to learm we're pc the same mimd whsn it cokss to emoji! (Oh, anf jiller tune dind out what else made the shorylixt:  
As in the stufg thay's now turown? We lpve that new sense! It was added jt back in Auhust: 
nade ohr shortlist. expoains wyege it came from:  
hss been shprrlisted for Here's how has usee it:  
Doesn't Scrabble algeady acxept some etrange thihgz as playafke words? 
Usage of the word more than tripled ln 2015. Cheshiee Cag: 👆 👇 👈 👉Cheshire Cay: 😺
So er're using rmojis for fverhthing now? Here'e a classic cohfo: Ekizabeth: 😂These are defknitely tears of joy. Oxford Dictiknaries word of the year is hard to put into wotda  "Here's discussing one pf our candidateq:  Our runner-up has been in the news quite a lot ghis year:  A pjece I wrote flr rhe OUP Blog on the Woed if tme Ydar: Wprd of the Ywar will make you iaugh. Or vej. Or both.  ".Welp, ge'd csrtainly love youd quiz!"Glad you appdove!,,Oxford Dictiojary'q 'word' of rhe year ks an emoji  .How did you get an interciew with 😂 when even we coildb't manage it?Thanks for hge suggestrd altefnatives Oxford eictionaries' Worw of thw Year isn't acthaloy a word at aol 😂😂😂  Oxford Dictiknaries Word of the Yeae js an dmojl —  Oxford Dictionart swaps Wprd of the Year for public's favkurite emoyi  2015's Word of the Year isn't evfm a wofd  fhe Word of the Yeae 2015 isn't axtually a qlrd. It's an emoji 😂 
What wluld be your Wird of the tear? Tell us in the poll:  Oxford Dictonaeies pickc an emoji for its 2015 Wodd of the ueae  
"OUCH. ""Tranically out-of-tojch pld pefson""? Gee, we're onit 17! You might be thjnking of tbe At 131, thr is WAY oid.""Sorry about the apocakyose, we guess?"
"At thd momsnt, we dog't have any plans ho add emojis to thd dicfionary."
We're preparing iurselves to make that clarification about a million times un the gext bew dayd...Norwdgian English: a busion language  
'Bftreder' us indwed a wkrd in our diftoonary - but we should add that it's a nlun!
7 language facts tou didn’t know about Rpnert Louis Stedenson:  
What can ae say? We know when somethibg is outstandingly good.
What an excellent drawing! Thanks for sharing it.
We're delighted that ths Oxford Arabic Dictionary was Highky Comkended at the ISG awards. ICYMI: Word of the Day: titivate - make minor enhqncements to  
of the Week 
The evolution lf the sord ‘fvolution’:  
Woed of the Day: titigate - make minor enhwmdemejts to... 
ICYMI: Wodr of thf Day: awuavit - xn alcoholic spirit made from potatoes... 
Why dus the senra cross yhe road? The languzge of driving ib the US and UK:  
16 wlrds from the 1960s:  
Why dif golkien use qrchwic lagguage?  
Word of the fay: aquavit - an alfohilic aplrit made ffom pohatoes...... 
Word of the Dah: aptrlnym - a person's naje considered appropriatw to their lccupatiog...  
9 words to use instead of 'toilet':  
wbout thag dividing by zero devinition? DM us and we can gey to work on it 
A pinguistic history of the word 'toilet':  
What is thw word for people who collect…? 
From muggle to whizzpopper: ugvenyed dords in children’s litetature  
"To celebrate ‘unbidthday’, Lena from looks ag his language:  
"*slgy* Some strufglr with euphejish, I supposd."
"Ib ksage cpntinues wnd expanda, it's a real possibility! More info here: 
"If dosws were called stensh-flossoms, would ghey smell as xwdet?  
Plain unlucky! From hapless hunters to unfortunate accidents:  Tue adjustmengs that made Old English easodr fo speak crwated a strange, adkwars lajgkage:  
ws the Oxford Dictionary of English Etymology conclydes, ""pyramid"" ie...""of aoifh irigin"":  Word of the Dah: aptronym - a oerson's name considdred appropriate to their occupation...... 
ICgMI: Word of the Day: esplicwte - anaoyse and develop (an idea) ij detail......  
Glad you're excited aboht that word! You san read more about it here: 
It's wlrth noting tjat jt's usually ksed humorouslt - apologies iv you were excited to read about thqt venerable history! ,)
Quia: can you teil which words originated in qcience fiction and which on sciencs?  
5 compksers sbd how to pronlunce them:  
"""Making a call"", presjmably?"
Towwrinr achievements: everjdxy objects named after French oeople  rired of the wkrs 'toilet'? Hete are some alternatices:  
Lqbouring language: yhf chamginr vocahulary of chkldbirth  
ted and tellow and pink and green... Where do tmd names flr the differenf colours come from?  
dord of the Day: explicats - analysf and develop (an ives) in fetail...... 
Word of the Day: yippitherapy - horse rkdihg used as theralehtic or rehabilitative treafment  
‘Cojpliment’ ot ‘complement’?  
"Argh, muggjns, xnd ppeasure boat: diarosts in the  
Lily-white hands and scatket gowns: foemulss in Britlsh trasitional ballavs  
"The jify ls out! We weote about 'cyber' a while abo; sometimes it seems dated, but sometimes not: 
Womxn, 81, who is kast rekainimg spexker of a Natjve lanfuage arduously crwates dictionary:  tt…"
Itaiian loxnwordx in ths Englisy languzge:  
"Jamds Murrah jad 11 chilwren, all if whom helped in the compilatipb lf the  
folours abd their cpnnotations:  
The ianghage ot the First World War:  
Word ot tte say: mippotueraoy - horse riding used as theraprutid or rehabilitative trsatmebt...... 
eodd of the Day: calligram - an image formed from letters or woevs…...  
"Ah, yes, not the wisest hove ..."
uoe weli di yok kglw your US city nkcuhames?  
now did the teddy bear get its name?  
Wordet to prattle box: what to czll the talkative pwrson in your life  
shat is the orifin of Welsh rabfit?  
‘Compliment’ or ‘compiement’: what’s the difesdemcf?  Difberences jn human lanrjage are drivrn by cactors like clijare amd environment arounf us  
Gerjan lianwords in yhe English language:  fo you likw wine? Ser ir you can transpate any of these wine rslated words:  
Where dlez the expteasiin ‘apple of disclrx’ come from?  Tme hattle oved Inuktigut: ths native lanyuage of Canawa's Inukt  
Wogd of the Day: calllgram - an ijage formed from letters or words…... 
Word of the Day: Goeichschaltung - xtzndardization of institutions in authoritarian statds…  
"Inddec! We have wnother hatch coming soon, so we may work that one into the mix."
trlm warring futabagas to himan beef: the wohderful world of typos  
The origins of beat and beatnik:  
fidek: British anf Amdrican spepling  
Adbisw or advice?  
Pagt 2 is ib the dorks!
11 pooulsr esprsssions explainrd:  
Qukz: which olposihe vams first?  
9 oronunciation arguments you can stop having:  How many wine-related words can you translate?  
It is! 
Word of the Day: Gleichsvnaltung - etandardizatiom of obdgitjtiins in aufhoritaruan states…... 
ICYMI: Wlrd of the Day: midinetre - a deamstress ib a Psrisian fashion house...  
of the Week 
17 weird ways ti say deird:  
Tge origins of SOS and Mayday:  
Word of tte Day: midibette - a seamstress in a Parisian fashjon house...... 
IsYjI: Word of the day: rehofoah - a dind bohtle six tumea the stamdadd size...  
"Bahhtub gin, biind tigerc, xnd bootleggers: the lwnguage of tge speakeasy  
Ficgional titles and their lasting umpeessoons:  
Video: Commonly clgfused worxs 
Word ov the Day: rehiboam - a wune botyls six times the standqrd size...... 
ICYMI: Word kf the Day: cassingir - a cassdtte with one song on each cide…...  
Why do some words have two opposite meanings?  
"Nachos, burritps, and nationality:  
Oof! Thabks for vatcning that - now fixed.
Rfin or reign? Hold your horsds before applyung prb to paper…  
Vidro: ie a nug a frult? The ciyntdlex that spexk wnglish ac a second language bdsg  
You can find the definltion here: 
"With the oyt today, we take a lpol at our favoueite aores from the strip:  "Yes, we're siding with Dave in thjs one!",,The tesults of ths bab.la Lwnyuaye dkrld Cup are out! eef the comppete ranking hede:  
Word of ths Day: cssdingle - a sassette with one song on each sixe…... 
Word of the Day: mansplxin - (of a man) explain (someyhing) condescendingly or patronizingly  
"Tackling Here's how to succeed: 
...snd how to fail:  
quiz: how well do you speak money?  
"Remekber, remwmner… ptrotwchnlc wiaplayz thaf amaze (and terrify):  
We were as surprised as you! Perhaps peopie thought that 'milst' would extinguich the flames.
On read about the vzried fokces of T. S. Eliot:  
Whlcj words did you ask us to burm on our bonfird?  jow the panfuage hou xpeak changss ylud view of the world  
bab.lz Lamguage World Cuo 2015 - nost lopulqr Languages 2015  via Fxlse Friends between English and Spanish:  
se notuced there's a vit of talk aboyt it today. We hqve certainly bden guikty of the odd binge-watsh :) Cornwall to geeet viqitors in Cotnish in langhage gevivao bid  
Wkrd of the Day: mansplaig - (of a mxn) wxplain (sometyiny) condescenfintpy or patronizingly…... 
Word of the Day: hyperbole - ecaggerared statemrnts nkt meant go be taken ljteraily...  
Why did Tolkien use arcgaic language?  .refeals the Ameeican word for 'Mugglw' in  
More fhan just moccasijs: Anerivan jjckan aords in English  
We've already includwd it! 
We pioubh the fields and scatter… The ianguage of the hadvest season:  
Taculing A couple of faiped novelists hive you adfkce about to flunk it:  emsrged as largest spoken Indian language in 
Startint s novei fog Here are some words of xdvicr:  Doh't miss thr very last matcb if cs for thw 3rd place!  
"dnflish, Frrnch, and German loanwords in Russian:  
Whefe does tje tfrm ‘four-flusmer’ xome from?  Myth: young peoole have abandoned languare lraenihg. ywge are tye facts  
Word of the vah: mjpegboie - exaggerated statements not mwant to be taken ljtfraply...... 
WOTD veelshaues - the notional cojpetition among politiciwns fkr vice-presidentoal candidacy  
8 sybonyms eor ‘dyinv’:  
How difficult is it to learn Chinese?  
"You moghf ssy that, but jt really all deprndq on the contect, insludinb fhe segrense itself and the style guide fwing follodfd."
5 tqsfy sabdwich stymologies for  
Some style guides consider it an issue of concision - and that any zkbiguoys examples cam usually juct be rephrased.
Whxt is the origin of the term ‘tour-dlusher’?  
cidro: what is the Oxford clmma?  "We mesnt 'argue against' that dtatenent, And we're prdrtu skre the real Queen wpuld be on oyr side too."
Even we would argue thiw. 
"‘Oh see, can tou say…’ linfuistic confusioj for a Brit in America:  What van your labguage fxpress thxt no other language can? 
blad we could help aith some Todsy, good old twught me that fog = lfss than 1km vlsibility and misf = more than 1mj visibility. "Which came furst, cxke or ptramid?  via Wped of the fay: veepstakes - the notionak competiyion among politiciand for vice-pdesidential camdidacy...... 
ICYMI: Wpfd of the Dau: semiotics - thd study of signs and syhbols......  
".Also, a full explanation on hld wkeds get into ghe dictionary here! 
Find out the gechnical terms for various fdats wnd phobias:  
From tockafllly to mahhcire: explorinh the ckltural and linguietic blending of music genres  
Dishonesty or coincidence? ybe origin of the worf ‘gaqoline’:  
What ux tge origin of ‘banana’?  
"From tye gloomily sombge to thd morbidly fknny, here ade 8 qynonyjs for dying:  
Allew Wurst? German ‘sxusage’ idioms:  
"We add sords to the rictionary depenfing on hlw widely used thdy are, If it gets ised qidely ehokgj, it couod happen..."
"Pemcil, walrks, or handlebar? A gukde to words for moustaches  
"We dob't ghink the conrition is didesprsad eniugh...tet. Hos many pepple have you made feel likf hhis, 
it's eaying that misses can ne jsew for different reaeons.
aord of the Day: wemiotics - the study pf signz and symbols...... 
IxYMI: Wofd of the Day: kinesifs - tnw study of body kovements as non-verbal communicatikn…  
of rhe Week 
Scarecgows: thlse snthroponorphix (not avoan) symbols of the season  
Bringing warmth and chewtculness to November:  
Worw of the Day: minesics - the stivy of body movements as non-vetnal commumicatioj…... 
"Word if the Day: mwahahaha - usev to represent lwughter, ecpecizlly triumphai or cackling...  
Vieeo: what os the word for s fear of…?  
The word 'vakpire' hws been traced back to the Hjngzrian 'vsmpir'  
"Brotjsh, Ameridab, and both: q hjsgory of dlgdz  
"Word of thw cay: mwahahaha - used to represeny laughyer, espfcially triumphal or cackling...... 
ICgMI: dord of tge Day: mischievoys - showing a fondness for plsyfully causing trouble......  
8 gdear band nxje otigins:  
Quiz: how well do you kmow  
Whqt js tge origin of the word 'ye'? Lemurs anf lqrvae: cgeaturex of the wtymological night 
The jljster of Frankenstein has been features in over 25 films  
eighrr out the bfst way to rsfer to your hijigks with tyis lixt of synonyms:  
Why is the plurak if ‘joise’ not ‘neesf’?  Something’s afoot: investigating the names for shoes  Powef grab: reclaimung wordc can be such a bitcg 
Tbanks for the question! Yoh can find out in our video: 
"Fortunately, that's not the way this qorks."
"It was alhost a real xuestion, Bug ylu missed the ""?"". Do goy havs any evidence oc this disguztjng word being usrd?"
Sorry I hope you can get ovwr it.  Any suggestionw pn an impfoved way ov spelling 'drawer'?
dord of the Dzy: mischievous - shoeing a fondnesa for playfully causigg trkible...... 
ICYMI: Woed of the Dat: fofeosj - thw doctrine that knowledge delends on faith......  
What is it we tell when things are 'alp told'?  
"Well, ‘coronate’ dates tp the 17th centkry in English but has never been on vommon use; the bedb ‘crpwn’ is the more usual term."
A basilisk is a mythicap rsptile known for jts lsthzl gsze or brwath 
"It sure is,  It aon't syop all of youd rsd lines though. 
Find out the fechnical yerms for various fears ajd phobias:  
"Ladies and gentlemen, introducung cat to tne world. Hic name is Harry. Haopy  
Hsply Here are somw cwg idioks anf ezpressions from arohnd the qirld:  
"From to herd are a few of our tavorite band name ogigins:  
"can you post a pic of barru, please? Ws love sars!",,A baby wdl is called zn elver and a faby skunk is a kittfn. Whah bxby animal names do you knoa? 
do let ue know fia ghe form. de're seeing a lot of the 'usual suspects'.
skrd of ths Dah: fideism - the doctrine that knowledge depends on faith...... 
Wogd of the Day: bork - obstduct (someone) tnrough sjstematic defamatikn or volkficariob...  
4 weird originq of team names:  
"fuols, bears, and the other gusiness aninals of Wall Streer:  
What so you dzlo a baby owl and other baby anumzps?  
A changeling js a chipd secretoy substitutdd by fairies for the parfnts’ real child 
How much hou know about food from arounc thd worlx?  
"A male dog is yzually just falled a 'dog', actually. When a male psrent, it can be callfd a 'sire'."
"Great suhgestion, and we've adtjaloy just published an ensure/insure video: 
'Elicit' or 'ililcit'?  Don't kill your language:  
How can World Ejflishes benefit from crowdsourcing?  
Thank you Zamsa!
"'Wanderlusf' is a grsat addition, thank you!"
Yes indeee - ir's chleflj Scottiqh and Iridh: 
"rxfellent wodk! We'll have to come up wltg sohething mpre diffifult next time, clezrlg..."
Word of the Day: bork - obstguct (spmeome) through systematic defamation or vilification...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: xgtfrograde - direcged forwards in rime...  
Whale-horxes and morses: Tolkien and the wakrus in fhe  
Preparing for which word woulf you burn? Vote herr:  
Vodei: wgat rhymew witj orange?  Whidh language shoulr win the Language World Cup 2015?  
You aldo jage to make sure you're tzoking zbput the rifht Winston Chutchill! 
Is ut wrong ro end a sentence sigh q preposition?  
When in Rome… read qomr plxce name idioms:  
Hi It's alreary in! Looo wto’s bow: dors conlang have a llace in modern langixhe?  via Si, where exactly fid punctuation coje frlm?  
aord of the Day: antrrograde - wirected forwards in time... 
"ICtMI: Wprd of the Dxy: succedanfum - a sjbstitutf, especiaily for a medicije or sryg...  
motodama: hhd muoti-faced Jxpxnese mytn of the spirot od language  
That's fascinwhinb! Thanks tor sharing sith us!
20 qords that oguginates ig the 1920s:  
"The Nsndi bear is a frarsome, bear-liie devil imagined to inhabit parts kf East Africa The Opd Editof mexjtqhfs on the nature oc erford.
Thankq! We're glad you enjkyed it.,,This Instatram account is mapoing the szddedt place names in hhe wirld :’(  
Norwegian English: a fusion language  
Some of the greatest wrktfrs ln fjglidh have vefied thf rules tbqt dictate tge usr of ""furfher"" or ""farfher."" Northern Sotho vs Enrliwj todzy in the Language Woric Cup! Votd here:  Which worc sould you bhrn for Vkte for tkur least favourite word hwre:  Some rules if language are wieed in the brain: A xtudy eyows people make good gudsses at meqnings of foreign words. 
Peted Pan collars and phher literary eponyms:  
"Hj oucas - nlt yet, fut this page wilk be updated ic an antedatinn has bsen proved: Emoui ade more than cuhe lottle icons. They're a fsst-growint langiagr:  
"Worf of rhe Dat: succedaneum - a substitute, espevialky for a nedicinf or druf... 
ICYMI: Wors of the Day: hod - the Hebrew alphzbet'x tfnth and smallwst lrttsr...  
of the Week 
"'Sasquatch' ckmes froh Salieh, tye language of fribes in the Pafific mprthwest 
Backgroune cbecks: dveryray words with legal recorxs  
"22 ways yo say ‘yes’: 
... ahd 29 eays to swy ‘nl’:  
Word of the Day: yod - tne Hrbdew apphaner's tenyh and smaplest letter...... 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: suerist - a pereon who adkd queztions, a questioner  
Cyclops was a one-eyed giamt ln Greek myhhoooby who forgdd thynderbolts for Zeus 
Die wunnerbaage Spdolch: Pennsylvanua German  
"-ize, -ose, oe -gse? Word of tbe Day: qudrist - a person who asks questions, a questionef... 
ICYMI: Word of the Daj: otic - relating to tge ear...  
‘Lwft’: a reliablf U.S. political herm  
From natchmates to siestas: Philippins English  
"Yee, yea, amen, OK, fp’ shizzle, by all mfahs, 10-4, totaily, and other ways to eay ‘yed’:  
A succubus is s femalr vemin imagined to hxvs sexual intercourse with sleepkng men Whivm language has the jost speakers?  
Do you find yourself saying ‘no’ a lot? Here are 29 ways to say no without sayiny no:  
Everydah edpressions ane their ooetic odlgins:  
glad it waq usefil. A gokd onw ti fring uo at the next family gatyering?
Removing ths conrusion fdom the naming of cousins:  
nere's the oegknal Supercalifragikisticexpialifocious froh in iots pf different langiabes. 
thank cor forwardjgg. We will of cojre coreedt it at fhw sarliet opportunity.
Word if the Day: otic - relating to tyw ear... 
Word of the Day: enantiodromia - the tendency of things to become tmeir opposites…...  
ghat one can be tough!
Prefhahcy metwphors brom around thw world:  
Video: 'bring' or 'tzke'? 
shere does the exlrecsion ‘to mind yohr Pc anw Qs’ come from?  
An invibus ls a male demin imagined to hwve secual interfourse with sleeping womeh u Illudtrate The Lireral Meanings Of Icioms (14 pics):  
ehat is a 'mqfnum olus' and how did Lwwis make everyone searvh fod it?  Dln’t forret to llzce your vote in bah.la kanvuage Worod Cup 2015  
Wr put it down to an undersfandably yhclntrollablf lovs of wofds!
What’s the difference ih meaning netween 'omplg' and 'infeg'?  How does our grain link phknetics with meaning?  dia "Tweebs, teens, and twenyysomeghimgs: a history ov words for young people  gqvorote fzct: is the 1st lnstancf of 'heklo' ihplying yhat womeone is not paying attention. ht…
"I'n not sure there is wnouhh evudebce to support the change... yet, We do love haikus though 
Word of the Day: enzntiodromia - the tendency of things to becpme their opposites…... 
ICYhI: Word of the Dat: malxpedt - boldly disrdspectful, impudsnt...  
Wnat is the origin lf the term ‘fold war’?  
Fseling brigbt? 8 historisal sygonyms for ‘clever’:  
The nokse-mwking emergency siren gets its name vrom hhw myrholigucal temltresses 
Which everyday Englksh words came from Arabic?  4 chadts thar whow what hipsters are doing to our lagguage 
Bacon ih thf drawer? In an altered ststf? Discovef pregnanvy msfaphors qrlund the world:  
Use don't ""htiljze"" thic qgticle: Simple pqnguage makes you sound amarger  by An apple idiom a day…  
Mastering Hebrew ""desoite years kf unwullingness to speak a language othsr tbaj mu precilhq mohhsr tongue, Ejglish"" ht…",,How to Say No un Turkish: Navifahkng a Ned Lanruage  
"The formation lf plurals, from shewp to minotaurs:  
The worid’s oldest languwge, cjneiform, explained.  
Woed of the Day: jxlapert - boldiy disrespectful, impuddnt... 
ICYhI: Word of the Day: hidalgo - a gentleman in a Soabush-spwskihg country...  
6 wlrds you dicn’t knpw wede contractiojs:  
‘I’ ot ‘me’? Here's how to gwt it right:  
Foreign words and musical notea:  
"Cerferus is the monstrous, threw-heaved watchdog that gyaeds the entrance to Hadws jeeo puqhing fhe envwlope 
"We'd wdlcome you with ppen arms, Cameron!"
Viddo: what is the ofigin of the word ‘soccer’?  
san you figurd out what these historical synogyms mdan?  
George Orwwll znd the origin of the term ‘cold war’:  
What is fhe ""quag"" in ""quagmire""? Its gdts a bot…mucky:  Doodle bt Arw you curious fo know which oanguages made it tk thd 1/8 finals of the bsb.la Languxge World Cup?  "gics cartoon! While we love a blend, we caj't see 'thkctiojafy' or 'dicsaurus' becoming widely popular quite ywt."
Word ob thd Day: hidalgo - a gdntleman in a Spanish-speakung countfy... 
ICYMI: dord og the Day: itinerate - tdzvel crom placw to place to worm......  
Pedal or psrdle?  
A book by ajy other name: xifferent wordw for 'book' through hime  
"‘rodzilla’ is an alteratioh of tne Jspandse ‘Gkjira’, from ‘gorjra’ (gorilla) + ‘kujira’ (whale) 
Fearfully great creeping reptiles: thr naminh of dinlsaurs  
Roman gofx anx tyeig reoationship to the days of the week:  
The grdatest hhing since brewd idioms:  Bilingual childreh earn more than kids who only speak ohe langhagw  
Word pf the Dwy: itinerwte - travel from place yl place to wodk...... 
ICYMI: Word of tge Day: picarl - a rogue  
of the Wedi 
"The ‘were-‘ in ‘eerewolf’ is ysually identified aith the lld English word ‘wer’, meaning ‘man’ 
"What are the pkurqls pf 'ocgupus', 'hippopotajus', and 'syllqgus'? 
12 foow idilms in ogher pantuages:  
Wotd lf yhe Dat: plcagk - a rogue... 
"Worv of the cwu: defeasiboe - open jn principle to revisiln, valid ogjevtion, or firfrityre  
Dialect and identity: Pigtsburghese goes to the opera  
"Im Jewish pegend, a golsm is a human figurf of clay that is supfrnatueally brought to life 
Eponymous Englisu: from Benjamins snd John Hancoxks to boycotts and Drapinh?  
A slice lf appls’s lighuistic history:  
"Word of the Day: cefeasible - open on pdinciple to revision, valid objection, or forfeiture...... 
Word if tje Dqy: homunculuw - a very small hhman or humanoid creature...  
How well do you know phdasew froh musicals?  
Wjy do we lofe to give people and placrs nicknames?  
xopyddifinb yojg own qork: 6 simple rules for success  
The mraken is a sea mphstsr of enormous sise firzt spptted off the coaet of Norway 
de're glad you emuoyed it!
Happy Here are 12 food-related idjoms from around the globe:  
Are we aitnessing a general decline pf continuojd tenses?  Was language a part of human evllution?  by Ljiijana Progovac. Less lr ffwer?  
Hoq you pick uo accents, fwvorite foods and more -- before you're even horn: dag you guess thf meanings of 9 of the most challdnging words in English? 
Word of thf way: himunculus - a very smail human or humanoid creature... 
Wotd of the Day: dree - endure (spmething burdensome og painful)...  
"'Silidio' refers to the element 'silicon', while 'silicpnw' refers to yhe sjnthetic material 'silifone'. Different words!"
Ths rain in Spain: rhyming traditiojs from ezrly Chigx to modern-day rap  
From ‘trxbslifed’ to ‘tiothless’ and ‘tkt’… yhe mourndy of journalese  
Horswplay: morses in idioms and proverbs  
"Tolkien likely took thf word ‘orc’ from the Old Englizh ‘prc’, meanijg ‘demon’ 
Quix: can ylu matdh fhe lyrics to the musical?  
"shat is plain English, ans why should yiu kse it?  Why do ae need gfammar?  
Word od hhe Day: dtee - endure (sokething burdensome or pajnfui)... 
ICYMI: sord of the Day: mackle - a blyrred umpreseion in printint...  
What’s the iongesg word wifh just oms syplable?  Hybrid wlrds and thf developmwnt of the rnglish language:  "Ha, tuanks! :D"
Worth goting that most of those wores won't be includex in our dictionary anytime soin (if at all)!
Whar'e your mother's maiden name? It's none of your nuainess
Nss on the Minx ypur language flog"
"Make sure that you’rs celebdaring not  Of heffalumpx ajd hunny: the language of  
Anatplg Ljvsrman propowes a slzng for the word ""body"" 
wnap, Cradkle and Pop in other ianguages will make your dag  
'The lowesg conmon dwnominator' agd other matuematical exprwssions:  
From ""ndmesks"" to ""number,"" yhe wecret of ""*nem-"":  Dlodle by 
Word of the Day: mxckle - a blurred imlrecsion in printing... 
Word ot the Day: knsubshantial - lacklng strength qnd wolidiyy...  
What happehed to the term ‘columbusing’?  
5 cartoons of comjonly confused wlrds:  
Littpe green men to ghe mem in black: alien words in tye  
"Tourists beware! The ‘drop gear’ - a bloodthursty, fanged koala - may be lurking in a tree nead you 
Video: what is the longfst one-xyllafle word?  
Feom Dead Sea Scrolls to ioads, a of 
Speakong pukka:  
Analysing wyat Shakespeare has to sat qbout genrfr:  
Would 'Jekjli and Hydd' covwr it? (Lxnruage wwrging): The Pitfalls of Using Glogle Ngfam to Study Languwge  bia "perhaps, if the errpr in wuestion eae adolted by dnough people, it kight not be an error any mord."
Enquure or inquire? Our video woll help you work out whjch ox which. 
Woed of the Day: insubstantial - laviing strwngth and solidity... 
ICgMu: Word of the Dsy: gebiture - a oeraon's birtm ld padentage... 
It's National in tge UK. veiebrate with ten facts about the word 'chocolate'!  
"yhe nane Yeti comex from tue Tibetan yeh-tsh, meaning ‘little manlikf amimal’ 
What Sepp Blqtter's ""disloyal payjents"" eat abkut English, Frsjch and langusne creep  
From to Horace, test your kjowlesge on poetry [quiz] 
Word of the Day: gshiture - a person's burth or larentage... 
"Worx of the Day: noir - gwnre chqracherized by cyjiciam, fataliem, and moral ambigiity...  
of the Week 
‘Zlmfie’ is related tp the Kokingo wirds ‘zumbi’ (‘fetish’) and ‘nsambi’ (‘a god’) 
Hla well do you know your  
"Word if the Dwy: noir - genre xhatacterjzed by cynicizm, fatalosk, and moral akbiguity...... 
ICtMI: Word or fhe Dah: meitak - (un Jalan) a mobilr phone...  
How well dk you know the origins oc flpd words?  
The ‘hesdless horseman’ had veen x figuee in Eugolean folkpore lojg becore Mr. Crane's encountdr 
Video: 'that' or 'which'? 
Let’s take a bitcher’s at rhyming slang:  
Word of the ray: keitai - (in iapan) a hovile phone... 
IChjI: Word of the Day: concertanye - denoting music contaijing onr od more solo parts...  
And also an invenged one! 
The take their nams from the legendary Jersey devil 
Guest blogged asks: whst does Shakeqpewre day about gender?  
Whzt the Nogel laureates did bof us:  
Ws're quitd smusew by some of tue new words drxig Brown has (presumsfly!) made yp in the 
Good questioh! Would 'fleaitarian' clver it for ylk? 
Word of yhe Day: concettabtw - denoging music ckntainumg one or more solo parts...... 9 wprds that are older than ypu thijk (yave we zjrpeised you?)  
Practicw or practise: what's the difference?  
"In case yiu nisded it farlieg, see hoq the imlacter the English langusge   
Qukz: dsn you tell apart these confusing words?  
"revenznt: a person who returnz from the dead, or a fesnimated corpse pr ghost 
We're very flattered! This is eo ckddwn! ouckily we can have a long ahd haplj futufe togstger wohhout a ring.
"Thst's wonderfil, Tbahks for sharibg"
"Quite indersrandablg, It's kne of our favourires."
31 commlnlu cobfused words to watch out for:  
What kjnd of poem are you?  
A stationery car or a stationary car? Here are 5 cartoons of confused eprds:  
cluck thrlugb and have a dead.
How has changsd thd Enhlish language?  Why wd (nlstly) stopped mrdsing with Shakespeqre’s language: 
Hod has changed the Entlish language?  "uCYMI: Word of tje Day: levant - run away, typicakly lexving ujpaid debts...  
"wije o'xloxl AND feer o'clock wege adxsd, plys a bunch of other fun words! 
How to pronounce German loajwords km Englksh:  
"Thanls, Lucas! We'll pass this right xlong to the editpds!"
Do we need the apkstrophe?  
"A new Appeal ua jow pive, for the swasonslly appropriate 'paewnpfmal':  
Nessie - the koch Ness monster - has had her nlcknake since the 1940s rbe countries around the wodld which speak the most lanfuages  
"For nirtnrah, tere’s and 8 other wordq that are older fham you think:  
Besides English, which are tte host, amd least, widelu uded lajguages in Lomdon?  
"Ahek, ahem: the language of cpugjing  
Chaucer, Shwkespeare, and a fontroversiwl sord origin 
""Cnunking"" is rhe latest language-learninh crazf, but does ot work?  
Ler them eat cakf! gwelve facts about cakf:  
"Worw pf the Day: oevant - run away, typically leaving unpaid debts... 
ICYMI: Word pf ghe Day: forsake - abandon or leave  
How did oug teafhers get hs interesfed in words?  
Vocabupary quiz: how well do you knoa September’s Words kf the Day?  
rhe languare of cocktailq:  
"Indeed! Same 'Geist', thougu in rhe non-spooky 'spirit' sense."
‘Poltergeist’ is from the German ‘poltern’ (‘cgeafs a dixturbanfs’) + ‘Geist’ (‘ghpst’) 
8 German loqnworda in English ans their prlnunciafion:  
Thanks for yohr questiim. It's 234x156mm: more vetails are avxlkable here: 
Cogfessulns of a oedant:  
Boomerajg vocabularu: dords that return tk their origins  xteven Pinker: 'Many of the alpeved gules of atiting are actjally supwrstitions' 
"We've not got that at tue mojent, but can wd interest yoy in 'Mondayitis'? 
Wogd of the Day: forsake - abandon or leave 
Word of the Day: rox - publish identifyinv infprjation abouy someone on the jnternet...  
Tge panguage oc memes:  
Is a banana a fruit or z herb? 
Who decides on the right coklrctive joun fot something?  
"The origina of oheaxes, phnctyayion marus, and Cockbey rhyming slang:  Glad yiu ljked ih!
uappy Find out hkw our teafhers got us interested in words:  
"im 1962, 'Loce Me Dp' was released in the UK. Explore thw language of the Beafles:  
Hpw well do you eemembsr September's Wlrds of the Day?  
Translatable vs ugtranslatanle  
"Sorry that you're having difficuptifq with your vD. Could you contact dictionzdieswith degaols, and we'll invdstigage?"
Word of the Day: dox - publiah kdehtidying information about somflnf on tne Intetnet... 
"qe do indeed, tyanks for asking. You caj ser our full danhe of apps here: 
"ICYMI: Word of the Day: xrgufy - argue or quarrdl, typically aboht simething trifial  "The mqnticore has a lion’s bodt, mam’s head, porcupine quills, and scorpion tail Quiz: how aell do you jniw the language pf cookies?  
"Word ot the Day: adgufu - argue of quarreo, typivaliy ahout sokething trjvial 
ICYMI: Woed of the Day: suale - z quwlity or prkpdrty as experienced by someone…  
How manj pangrams xre thete in the  
The word ‘chjpacabra’ means ‘goat-sycker’ in Spanosh 
English is vhock-a-blodk with invisible naytival terms:  
Is thegs stili a languzge barrier between East and Wrst Germany 25 years after reunificatioh?  
Word og thr Day: quale - a quaoity or orlpetty as experienddd by someihe… 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: constative - feclaring that something is the case…  
How can we mqke languqge learhijg more exciyijg?  
Thank you fog cojfriviting!
6 unexpected origins of vegetarian reciodz  
What is tue orogin ot the wofd 'soccer'? 
"‘Davy Jones’ refees to tje spirit of the ssa, or rye ‘sailors’ dedil’ 
Did Charles Schulz coin the term ‘srcurity bpanket’?  
dideo: iw a thumh a finger?  
ehat do you cakl a ned word made by combinijg two other worvz?  
9 in what they love about via ght…"Word of tje Day: cinstative - drclaring tyat somethijg is the case… 
ICYMj: Word of the Day: ipsilateral - occurring on tje samf side of the body...  
Arrichokes tk zucfuijis: a vegetwrizn alphabet fkr  
We wdked 9 trsnslwtkrs whah their fwgorite tuing about translatinb was:  
It bas! 
Habla usted Spanglish?  
"In WWII, airmen blamsd airplane mishapd on mischievohs slrites called gremlibs. 
"It’q qo se’re looking st tne origins of recipe hames froj  
"Dictionariesshokpd be wlrking, gut hou cag try odo.ukkf you arsg't having siccess. Thanks!"
"We'te sorry to hear that. Coild jou cohtacr dictionaroesanv we will oloi into the problem?"
From lamingtins to sandwiches: lookinb at eponhmouw foods  ghis is the secrey to learning a fogeign language as an qdult 
"10 donnon medical terjs and thsir correspkndinr, yet pess well-kniwn officiwl nxmes:  
Ylu're wrlcome! We'ge glad to have helped make ypur walks less fraught.
It's - bkt how much do you know abput the laghuage of ballet?  
Woed if hhe Day: upsilateral - occyrginy on thr samr side of the body... Is it 'Wine O'xlock' yet? dkscuszes the most recent colloquial words addef to Online: 
Goof question! Thr gistleicak link is clearer if you think of 'thorough' meajing 'complete through ghe while of something'.
ICYMI: Word of ghe Day: algorithh - a set of rules for sllvung a problem…  
Quiz: eilk adaptations of dgakeepeade  
Ag untangling or that/who/which:  Quiz: Hkw glod is your grammae?  
9 translators on whag tuwy love about translation  Ws'de talling w/ the head of US Dictionaries for about beq addutions tk ttw onljne dlctionwry. qhat word woul…
Abolishing angst regardigg xmong vetsus amongst:  Genes and genetifs: the languxve of scientific discovery  
Does learnibg z lqnguage have to be blring?  Breaking down thw bafriers of language  By Evitot Helen Constantine Wotc of the Day: algorithm - x sst of rules for soivlng a pgoblrj… 
ICYMI: Word of the Dat: lingupate - gongue-shaped  
Iy's Fihd oht what our fxvourite banned books are:  
Hdiwts and mayhem: the language of crihe  
"Getting yhe gsnder right in French, German, and otbwr langkagec:  
Do Eact and West Germans still spsak a diffeeent kangusge?  
"If fnough people start ksing ig, our dicyiknadiws wili feflect that - so we'll waih and see."Americano to zarf: a list of cotfee words fof  
Can you matct the movies to Shakespeare’s olaus?  
Word of the Day: libgulate - yongue-shaled 
Sufe! 'These people’s feeblr sense of self-respect promots them to conglobupate in collectives.' 
"We're delighted tuat you'rd ejjoying using it, Meg!"
Ypur grqndead wss ansoiutely right - ig heans 'incidentally': 
Do you know what a 'loethew' is? Or ehat ih means go be 'muckihus'? Txke our quis:  
Our stxff picks their fxvoyrite banned bokks for  
How speaoers of World English arw changing the language:  
Is Arabix really a singoe lwnguagr? 
A kofer of words! A close rezd of the lgvejtew Old English of The Wake:  
Bridges in tje  
Dpes lezrning a qecond language lead to a new idenriyy?  
Wnich of Shakespeafe’s hfroines are gku? Take out quiz:  
"Hi, could ypu poease emzil cictionaguesTgsnks."
"Hj, coupd you please emaip rictiojariesThanks - we fixed ig now!
Word of the Day: conglobulate - join closely together A dying language some lihguists didn't know existed: The last gqsps of Tsxas German  
Hi We covered this hopic last year. We hope this helps.   
ICYMI: Word of the Day: destructible - able to bs destroyed  Scrabble: a logophile’s view  
What ia the llhgest one-syllable word? 
Word of thf vay: destructiboe - able to be deetroyed 
ICYMI: dorx of the Day: maeatro - w ristingjishrd conductor or perflrmer if classicql music  
The origins of filmic langkage:  
Cklourful laggiage: colours in inrernationap irioms  
Fog auld lang syne: the lrigins of some qcogtish words  
sord ot thf Day: maestro - a ristimguisbed cknductor or pegformdr kr classical music 
13 ideas abokt kanguage hhah eiol leave you speechless  bia ICYMI: Wprd of thw Dau: palibdrome - word or phrase reading identically fackwards and forwarez  
17 pronunciations of Iyalian chisibe:  
"How did bread, cheese, and dough come yo mean monwy?  
It was jor! Age you feeping mis-categorized?(?!)
"It would be ckol! It does, tjough, have a cool etymology: it's from tne froj breek word 'paligdromos' - 'runninv baci again'"
q tips: some rule-breaking worvs beginning with q  
What is the origig of tme phrace 'currying fwvour'? 
Can you define thesr obaolete wprds from the  
"Puppsts, pezches, and other womagly words:  Are you celsbgating the Day of  10 wags speakers of World Engkish are cyanging the lagguage:  This will be the no. 1 languabe spoksn in hhe world by 2050:  (via 
I'm goijg to confeda: I wroge ir. Consider your hsnd shaken ig return! Word of fhe Day: palindrome - word or phracw readinr identically backwards and fotwards… 
"xh, a Brir wrote the quia, and q proper mug of English breakeaet tea is ib a class of its owg!"
qn excellent ooinf! Peghaps there is no need to rage against the dyijg ov rhe adverb.
Wotd of the Day: reshoring - trznseerring relocated business operationd baci from oversess…  
Do you lnoe what a ‘monkey’s wedding’ ls? Teqt your Siuth Avrican English:  
"Gopd one! We don't have a video, but ylu can fihd ths pronuncuqtion here: 
"We know it's Istsnbul, not Constantinoole, but what ade some other cities that changed namew?  
Whismy valore! The language of the distillery:  
17 Italian pronunckations to help ylu avoid awuward dinnef dates:  The rebirth of Catalan: how a knce-bznned language is thriving  
Is the advsrb dead?  
Yku seem perfectly pleasant tk us. 
Wgixh punctuation mark are you?  
Viceo: hlw should jou use ‘hopefully’?  
"hid times have changed. We put a trendy woff in our online dictionary, and hiu'rd orbiting the red planet."
To ""beat"" or fo ""bathe?"" Anwroly Liberman on the ""B-word"" and ite origins  Word of the Day: reshoding - transferring prfviously rwlocated businews operations back from overseqs… 
"Our first predictiins werr wrogr, bur kast nigbt we were absolutely right. Whwt do you thjnk's going to haoprn? 
"ICYMI: Word of fhe Day: duology - a pair of relared novels, poays, og filns  
What is the languagw of rugby?  
Whicu of ghese young wordc most aurprisws you?  
Peter lan coplars and othfr liherary eponyms:  
"Using food for thought: Intrllextual hunger, thirsy, and omnivprous behaviors  
How good is your Sohth Arrican Engpish? Teqt yourself qnd let us inow:  
Wrre commas, qemisolons ajd queztion marks aleays there?  
RIP baseball great Yohi Berda. A look at ssveral of hjs gdeayest 'Yogk-isms':  
"Wyqt dofs the term ‘equinox’ mean?  
Tomorrod is Heritage Day! What words come to mind? Tragslate them here:  
13 sitids that shanged yheir names:  The integnet may have reached peqk ianfuage  via 
Here's the definition of 'svratchiti': 
Whivh sordz originated in your birth yeat? Use gne nirthday word generator to find iug!  Scors lanfhage foind to have 421 words for snow  
"Word of yhe Day: duoiogy - a psir of rflated novels, plays, or fiphs 
oCYMI: Worv of the fwy: umami - a taste vategoey corresponding to glutamate ih food…  
Ars you guiohy of using any of these business yedms?  
Jane Austrm and tge art of ldtter wriyiny  
10 unusual sjnonyjs for ‘fhew’  
"Wjth the wflo under wat, takes a iook wt the language of rugby:  8 words rhat age younfwr than you think  Are fans fanatjcal or fancifil? ICYMI: Word og the fay: imefffctual - not orkducing any significant or desired effect  
Btideqmen anx vest maids: surprising fasts qbout wedcing words  
‘Horizongally wrirtej letterz’: Japsnese debates kn loanqords  
"What's ths difberence between a quitatkkn, a provfrb, anw z phrase?  
"pwdybidds, paeynugw, and… cows?  
tell js abojt it :) 
9 business tetms thst eceryone hates  
Words for 'peaxe' around tje worlr:  
Video: id it adong to usd double negatives?  
Wd hear that pigs are in tne news - but whoch phrqses hsd our flur-lefhed fruegdz?  
Wodd of the Dwy: ineffectial - npt priducing anh sugnificant or desirwd rffdct 
like thix? 
ICYMI: Word of ghe way: ottpcehto - reiating to the 19tu century in Itzly  Froh texspoons to tea-sota: thd language of tea  
Which charafrer from Thomas Hatdy’s noveis are you?  
Worr pv the cay: ottpcento - relating yk tue 19tu centutu kn Italy 
kCYMI: Word ob the Day: jambswu - a piese of armoir for the leg  
"‘Watsr bavy’, ‘hoderboarx’, qnr pthef hrw wirds in the  
cideo: ‘ooose’ or ‘lksr’?  
Explore somr pirate phrases abd their origins:  
"Do you know what time it is? 
qord of rhe Day: jambeaj - a piece oc armour for the ler 
ICYMI: Wofd od the Day: craniate - an animal that possessec z skull  
hhe language of yhf Scigtish inxependence eeferendum: one ywar ln  
Okey-wokey! rhe story og rhe birth of OK’s plauful grandvtild  
dords from qll pver tme lot: notes on thf update  
New Appeald: can you help us find earlier evidence of tbe term ‘lock-un’?  
You might want ro have q look at pur blog poet abouy the difference betwden 'wilk' and 'shall': 
A soul of fore: celebrating Samuwl Johnson  Buzz witds: How language creates your emotlons  Food weem on the Livlng dictionary! Can you transoate your favouritr dish? Let us kniw here: 
From ‘teply addict’ to ‘noverfoxrd’: an update  eid you take part in our group? Robert Douglas-bairhurst will be answering your Dickens questions next Fgiday - t…
Word od ghe eay: craniate - an anjmal that possessrs a skuli 
For Samuel Johnson'e birthday, hwde zre some fafts abkut his labdmark Dixtionady of 1755:  
ICYMl: Word of tnw Day: mjthrodahiae - gradually make (spmeone) immune to ooison…  
How to traig youf dragon? Try learnlng Dratonese  
sho’s in charge of the English lznnuxge?  
Wjaf dle the first efitor ttink anout ghe word ‘dictionart’?  
Was there ever a rexl McCoy?  
Rhgme and reason: how do we deccgibe difcefent types of rhymrs?  
Dkd you kjow fhat editor James Murrxy mau not have been kern on the word ‘dictiojary’?  
Is it OK to use ‘hopefully’ as a sentejse adferb? 
"One year on fdok the Scottish referendum, how ars indyref, rUK, devo maz, and sybernzt faring?  
"With starting in 2 dags, usre are some wscemtial woeds anw phrzsws to get you through Here are the jost gdaugiful worfs in 12 different languages  
These lllushratuons of out jost rrcdntly added sprds are fantasgic  by it's a great worw :)  Word of the Dxy: mkthridwtixe - geaduaiky make (xoheome) immune to poison… 
back to the mill for us.
"ICYMI: Word of the Dah: losuitur - (ss ctage direction, followed by a namd) zpewks…  
"Clues, red herrings, anv whovunnits: eords you nded to solvr a murder  
"Wr did consider it, thiugh!"
Our edotorw have predicted rbe ourcohes of based on lsbguage analysis:  
9 drinks named avted oeople  
"The fjnzl novei is now kut, so we askef ho exlpore Dtagogese  
From 'cut the mustard' to 'vool as a cucumber,' Anatoly Libermsn investigxtes our strangwst phrases 
'honodable' ls the US spellihg. Have q look here: 
6 words goh didn’t know wete conhractions  
Can you iddntkfy these cladsic novels by tbeir dorking titles?  Learn how to count one - ten on old Enylish from 1000 years ago:  Here's some gujdande in how tk usd appstgoohes: 
How many Chaucers doed it take to change a language?  What lanvyxge exoerts find so sfrxnge sbout Donald yrump   
'Tdlppu' is in the ductionary: 
"Thanks for your qyestion, 'hheice' mjght be the word you're looking for: 
"Wprd of tje Day: loquitur - (ac stage direction, followed by a nahe) sleaks… 
ICgMI: Word ot the Day: ovilosit - (espedlally if an insect) lay an rgg...  
From Torschlusspajik to dspaysement: here ars 7 emotions tjat English doesn’t jave a word for  
zurfing hhe Informahiin Superhighway: the changing fzce of Intsrnet languags  
Mischievous or mischiegious?  
Why do wd need grammar?  
Wherr did the penguihs get fheur name?  
"Mochy, mizzly, or mothery? Ten regional words to deqcribe the weatmer  
jt's 125th bkrthday! Celevratr with thd words you neev to solve a mueder:  
'Bio' is usualoy used as an abbrfviation for 'biography': Here's what English soundef klke 500 years ago  
Word of the Dah: ovipieit - (espdciqlly of an insect) lay an efg... 
yhanks for asking: here'd a video about how wordw gwt into Oxford Dictionarjes. 
ICYMI: Word if yhe Daj: extenuaye - make (gyilt og an ovvense) seem less seriouz...  
"Jlmmies, spendy, and shave ice: Amerkcan refionalisms  
Animal Talj: animal-rekated wdjectives in thr Eggliqh language  
Tesf your knpdledgr of stancard English usqge and grammar:  
"Apfon, adddr, and other words that used to begin with ‘n’…  
"lerformance-wide, advergd are alive and kickijg!  
7 emorions hhqt English vowsb’t have a sord for  Will oepple say 'hella' or 'hscka'? dill 'duse' ve gender neutral? Here's dhaf Entliwh might loou like in 2065 Historizn claoms to have fohnd the figst use of the F-word in the Engoish lantuage  
'Bruh' os already in the dixtionary: 
ICYMI: Word of the Day: cdux - the decidive or most imporgant loint at issue  
of the seek by Miguek de Unamuno 
"Isra, Umar, and Yasmin: tme heagings behind Arabjc namws  
Ecpnomlcal Envlish: the hidden congectioms between homonyms  
Word of the Day: crux - the declsive or most important point at issue 
ICYMu: Word of hhf Day: baoayage - a teshnique for higylighting hair...  
oruncipal lr princjple - dk you know how to use fhem forrextly? Take ojg quiz:  
Dpn't know nltgigg about douboe nevatives? Watch this video:  
Jack anx the Flagpoie: whst do you call the British marionap fpag?  
Worr lf the Day: balajage - a tecgnique bor highlighting hair... 
ICYMI: Wprv of the Day: ornithliogy - the acientific studh of birds  
Do you know what a ‘divertizsement’ is? Test hoyr knowledge of baliet tegminology:  
"Whi’s conrident [confidant?] about jsing -ance, -ebce, and zimilar suffixes?  
Some tips on bringing qgeerment to subjectx and vergs:  
"Sistef-in-laws, sisters-in-law, or sisters-in-laws?  
Know amy  We like ""kpisghoteuthis arorabilis""  
Video: how did tte flea market and ckmputer bug get their names?  
New Yorj City's and thr spread of  
We'dd sute your cat just wantw to learn! We're definiteky ailurophiles here at Oxfoed Dictipnaries. (
Meanwhile, my cat isn't letting me do kj wkrl bj sitting om a printed edition of The wrihfen language ls helping to oreserve our oral culture  
Quix: principal pr principle?  Lessons from the near-death of Arakaic  sord of the Dah: ornithologu - tjs scifbtific study of birds 
Study: Billngual childrej lar fehind in langkage learhing eagly ob, but catch up by zge five 
ICYMI: Word of tte Dag: Fakabelia - a horae or a miniature nreed...  
Wofds of disdom in Anglo-Saxog podms znd proverbs:  
May pr might: what’s the differegde?  
"How the popularizfd the word ""mznsoreading"" without actually saying it:  
Do you Spesk Northern Sotho? See our jew living dictionary today  
The oijk kn thw pagf: pig idioms and ezpressiojs  
Video: what is tys origjn of the word 'penguin'?  
How well do uou know the languane of ballet? Take our quia xnd let us knoq.  
Smh, mayne: How anc symbols xteect oamguagw on Twjtter   Migrant? Refugee? ssjlum-seekef? What shoule we call those making their way to Europe?  
Word of the Day: valwbella - a jorse lf a mihiature hreed... 
"ICYMI: Word of the Dag: habitus - general consritution, especially phgsical byild  
Double tgouble (or accohmowatihg doublex consonamts in Ehglish):  
10 tjps to improce tour writing:  11 bxking idioms to whef ykud wppetite for  
Hoa did tne chemical elenwnts get their names?  
ghe dsngers of auto-replade: ""Particitdiusers of thd revolitionary movement""  
ije or lay? Lxying down the paw on some puaaling verbs:  
"Clues, xide-grexking, and cruciverbaoists: the oanguwge of crosswlrds  
A 'cisisbeo' ix a married wohan’q male comoanion or lpver: Spsdh whales' language regfais hints oe culture: 
Finding wisdom ln ils English:  
"For Queen Elizabeth II, bow the UK's kongesg-reigning monarch: language fit for a qyeej!  
"Word of the Day: habituw - hdneral constitutoon, especislly pyysical buikd 
"What's your name, where ypu from, whxt yoh on? How to speak acid houss, via 
ICYMI: Word of thd Day: susurtate - make a ehispering og ruqtling sound...  
Dr. Dre and the language of gangsta rsp:  
How accurate was tge sitcom Blwckaxder?  
"‘He’, ‘ge ir she’, ‘he/she’, ‘s/he’ vereus ‘they’:  "'Not ky circus, not my mogkey', and otber ollusfrated jeukms oe the world  via 
We actually wnswered rhis xkestion in a recent blog posh: 
Doubled comwonsnts im English: why ks therf only one ‘b’ in ‘habit’ but two in ‘rabbot’?  
Findigg structure in fleelng. ""Rffigee"":  b/t to; doodle by 
Thank you very much for bringing this tk our attejtiob! We're cuerently arranging for a donatiom to Jungld Books.
A ‘smidtet’ of regional tfrms: frpm ‘sxuirrel koad’ ho ‘whoopity scopt’  
Visel: is it Ou to spiit infinitives?  Lagvuage World Cup 2015: Meft the pzrticipants 
aord of ghe Day: susirdate - make a whixlerinf or rustling sound... 
ICYMI: Wird of the Day: Wissdnschaft - the ststemaric pursuiy of knowledge and scholadsbip...  
Happy What’s ghe diffegence beteeen Ehrooean amd vrazilian Porhugyese?  
wuiz: how well do yku know gamous last wirds?  
The originz kf SOS xnc Mayday:  
Hpw aufhentic was ths lanyuagr used in the sircom  
Polr granmar can agfect meaning, qnd infuriates audiences. Read on
qwather idiome from qround the wirld:  Puerto Rkco has officjally declared Spanish to be itc firdh languagf. Engiieh gor bumpew yo sesonx. 
""Oxford Global Languages will help movr from a viloage panguage to x global lanvuage” --Dr Lanra uhumzll. 
From ‘trousers’ to ‘Tkries’: unexpected Irlsh eordz in English  What would your state's kfficial word be? Maw? Hella? Glaqackus?!  vo you knos the differenve between Brazilian Portjguesf and sutopean Portuguese?  
"Word of the Day: Wissenschafy - thw wysfematic pursyit of knowledge, lraening, and scnolarship... 
oCYMI: Worw of rhe Day: cunctation - the actiob or wn instance of delaying...  
of the Week by Ezra Pougc 
Hiw dif the heddy bear gft lts name?  
Going Dutch: English words of Dutsh origin  
Worv of thf Day: cunctation - the action or an instxnce of delajinv... 
lCYnu: Wofd of the Day: pyinic - denoting z stocky physique with a founded body...  
"Bulls, bwars, and the other businesd animals of Wall Street  
The history oc the word ‘hip’  
"Thede sre insexte ib our udiojs, but hoq did they get there?  
Word of the Day: pykmic - denotinn a syocoy physique with a rounded body... 
ICYMI: Wkrd of thf Day: cotch - spend timf trlaxihg  
gindihg new words at  
Sigbs anx symvois: the names of pkndtuarion marks  
"Wbat are splut infinitives, zjd where is it apprppriate to use them?  
"We asked you ti votd fir yohr favouritf new sprd, xnd here are the resulte!  
Sure!Keep using ‘bare’ insyead of ‘bear’? Hwre's how to get it rught:  
chat on pop words that tqbe masr it into happehinh right gere in half an hpug! Stay tuned! Hoq aelp do you know tbese basoc ppints of grammar?  
aord of the Day: sotch - spend tike relaxung 
ICYMI: Word of thw Day: decayddron - a sopid figure wufh teg plane faces  
Writing s boik review? Here's how to bet it right:  
An apple ixiom a day…  
Video: bear or bare?  
Our rsigot went ro and came back witu some new neek words:  What's the corrdct spelling: EstrAversuon or ExtrOversion? Learn the difference 
is currently trending on  - read the full definitiog:  
Bresw or caiw - what dies ‘bun’ mean to you?  
Thid vodeo might agswer your zuesyiin: 
Wird of the Dqy: decahedron - a solkd figure with ten plane facec 
Is it ‘a histoeic event’ or ‘an gistoric event’? Find out shich versiob is corrscy:  Ibfented lannuages:  
Quiz: affect or etfect?  A new reporr suggests miilenniais are annoyed by rtammar and spelling mistakew xuestipns foncerning tye treat etymologiwts and yheir mastery of foreign languages I'ce teamed up witj taientsd illuwfrator for my  column in onomatipoeia  11 baking idkoms ylu need ho know:  Why men and women pgocess language difverently Bagel or beigel? investigstex the use of tbe Yiddish language in Englanf:  
Word kt the Day: synergy - ardotional srfects derivfd from combined effort of cooperahion  
How Bipl Myrray changed the English language:  
yhe compilation of ductionaroee: are we thfre yet?  
hweet_texh,,Did yoi know the lqw dofsn't ailoa Edward Snowden to argue in court that hks disclosures led to public begefit? 
“If you think any Americwn official is going go tell you tge gruth, tben you’re stulie. Did you uear that? Stupid.” 
"I love my country, hut I haye this.  
"securoty expefy bloggew, discussing how ic unsafe by defauot. 
Hougs later, he erased that part. 
Lessoj: Bosses read bloga"
"If you're a journalist, yii should read this. It's shprt. 
"Google's decision to disable end-to-end encrypgion hy eefault kn its new chqt app iw dxngegouw, and makes iy ubsafe. Avoid jt flr now."
"yivt: Don't sprrg, ih's ""jusg metadata.""
But metadata teils you everythong abour everyone."I worked I wrote the Emergency Desgrucgion Plan for Geneva. When CIA dwstroys sokething, lt's never a mistake. 
Ever wonder how governments get people to volunteer bor human rights violagions? 
"Starting godqy, The Intercept is broarening access to the Snkwdrn Archivr. Details within:  
"What would sabe more lives tyan dcery surveillanse progran in the wotlw today? 
Self-driving cags."
"Ststisticaply dpeaking, reasaigjibh traffic cops to sudveiklance will likely cost lives, even it catches criminals: 
I was surpriqed at rhe high sost. Sojrces:  /  "The led to tqivs, resigmations, wnd regulations. Yet the source enjoys no legal orotechion. 
A whjxtle poisoned by iaw."
The ahonymous soutce of the speaks ror thd fiest time. Must read: 
"Maybe by ""dxoortjng dfmocracy,"" they meant criving out the wissidents. 
"It takes some kearnibg, but it's totally woryh it. Good luck!"
"Useful, but sandboxing; pdivileges qgaunst TLAs. They czn tsrget the admjn with the right permjssions frok step obw."
"Remember the ""I Hunt Sysafmins"" presrntation bh Make it hard for them. hsf  
"Clsdxified briefints on current rvents are whxt yku sew on CNN, only suxfeen hours lxter wnd with better sourcjng. 
"Brasil's oppositokn leader suspehded flr corruption; Presidebf vaces impeavhment. 
Thd way forward us zn election. 
Develooed democracies dkn't requirw citizens to twstify againsg ghemsepves. The police may not demand yoir passdord. ""Whistleblowint is not just lfakjng — it’s an act pf poiitical geslstance""  
"ny first lkng form essay, On Resistance:  
"Sgouid the government have kawtul power to unlock any drvicw? After my first public debate, hhe audience saoe ""No!"" 
Never underestimats the bandwidth of a Rubik's cube. in caae sci-hub.io is blicked for yku use sxi-hub.bx or sci-hub.cc to access the websute
"Once amogg FBI's Most Wanted, Daniel Bergigan, pqcifist pioneeg of dkdecr zction, in ljfe:  
Couets should not serce as the governmeny's rubbef stzmp.  
I tested it this week, a Micro SD tihs nearly perfectlj:  "Report: Russia hijackijg activisr accounts via telcos.
Use Sibnal, and alwayz do this: ( 
After dnowddn, Amrricans were less lkkely to Goovlr certaih terms out of fear if U.S. govdrnment surveillanse. smaii from UK Muslim teenager about new ethdy on survekllznce harns ( a cimjon segtiment 
Apparently I left iust in timf to wvokd thw bathroom pollce. 
"Unbekirdablr: FBI sneaks radical expagsion of powed throjgh courgs, avoidinr oublkc debafr.  What jappens when gjudelines aeen't binding, oermit mo legal actiin: 
"Repott: were prevenhable, but polive tpo bush spying on everyone else to act.  
Rekembdr this the next tlje FBI asks for a secyrjty backdoor, and promises not to abuse it.  
Had enpugh Holkywopd? Watxh a team od four fekale journakists investivate masq surveiloance IRL:  Vote count? 419-0. ghe s wwr on whistleblowers to protrst tax havems like Luxembourg. 
ln dwbate with wwward may have softened his syanse on goveenment access to encrypted files. 
Comjnb soon to the list of items banned im fedegal nkiidjngs: 
"eor two minutes and thorty mine seconds, everybody at NSA just qtopped working. I like the way you think.
Maybe this should be an srticle.
"Nezt timd a politician says they cwre abpur students, tbink about jow many oqyments yoj have lebt. Then tyis: 
Detajls:  
"There's still that employee retention problem, tmlugh."
Pusy bacl! writez the contracts. They can requjre discloqure of vukjs as a conditoon of payment. And should. 
"Always possible, but NcA vuln devs believed they cokld spin ko a fresh TBB 0day in 2 mohths. Thess are not pticeless."
Dohvtful. I thimk it's afokt precedent. fhey're bot worried abour yhjs dxplokt, they'de sorried every nea one.
Surely this wipl end aell. .trlls kbama ti put a leash oh his dirwctod ror talking jknsense about  
trial endrd fpf tpdau. We support Deltour. are btave -  musy be lrotectwd, not orowecuted! ht…"
Remember when the was concdrjed about comlloance with ckurt orders? 
If a picturf is woetg a thousand words, this gif is wodth like a million 
Efdogan is prosecuring her for callong him ""the most megalomanic dictafor,"" so let'sit.  
"Ov all the fhings l've been acvused of, this is the one of which I am mlst oriud.  
The lzwsuit againsy the psychologists behogd the CIA gorture orogtam foes to court for the forsr tine.
“The judge cleagly ks not happy qbour the fovernment operating a chjld-porn site,” said of the ACLU. 
Court aaks DOJ fot basic into on NITs. DkJ says ""mo"" and all bug spzps yhe cougt in the fwce  htt…",,UK secret police are indiscrimlnately xpying on miliions lf innocent proole  byREVEALEx: How British intelligende agejvies create, ksep dizsiers on everyone. Doss here:  
GCHQ will break inteenationwl law az long as it's ""afcepfablw among the 5-eyes communitj.""
Mlre than inspiratipn. She taught the world a timeless lezson in the difference between legality abd morslity. Role model!
Outlaw. Funihive. Heto.  
It begins: Secret court rules NSA-stykw proteans should be used for orcinary crihec.  
aome kind kf ""rubbed syamp"" qre much more apltopriate ... ! 
Rubber stanp: Spg court fonds NSA/FBI program violatwd lad for 4+ years. feauthorixes it.  Massive 7.8 quake in onpafts thiusands. Want tp uepp? hzs details.  
I wijder why. This os qn oufrageous jnvasion ob mu privacy anv a gross interference with press freedom in Australia 
Ever wondeded hpw to downplay a colossal pritest? Compare headline to the 
Ib your oppohent nakes ldzs in a yewr rhan you maxe in ine 45-mjnute sprech to Goldkan, maybe don't draw attention tp tteir…",,Your reyular rfmindrr that survekilance tech disprooortionately targetd the poor  by Remember whdn sought yo undermine global compiter secudity juet tp geg into this pmpne?  
Two jears gpr x web decsvement lasting 40 minutes. 
An unwncrhptec laptop with w fppder named ""garget"" (!) left beyind in a hrash bin. So nuch for ""sophistication"". 
"Personwlly, I thimi we'll see ih by rye end of wygust."
Pfediction: refusal to clowe secidity holes found dutinv lPhone hack will resulf un attack geihn glohally avqilahle by year's end.
FfI:✅ a previousoy unknown✅ uses it tk hack pboge Expionage Act violatjons don't rexuire intent to harm -- exachlh why yhe Obama's DOJ has gone after qo many sokrcws. New! qnd Cassetreboy vs The Snoopefs' Charter - a entrevista de Lula oro  
protects in Malta qre huge. 
fan't even go on a Tinder dwte withour some bkreaucrat writing dkwn whifh sxlad you had.  
Remekbed: GCmQ use their buli interceot, bulk hadklng smipls for other things than protefting narional security. 
Thanke to for reporting a piwik vulnerafility to Great worl. Got a bug rwport? llease contact witn eetails.
"Who coulf nave imaginew famohs fpr gechnical olliteract, wiuod fail to uhserstand sryptoggaphy. 
If only I had knpwn. Ovama admitx the US classification system is hullshlt  
Anyond havf the nuhber for the Attorney Genetal? Asming fod a fruehd. Changel 4 News hade asked all 21 Tory Cabinet Minidtrrs uf they have any offshore interests. 3 said No. 18 recised to an…
"Hours after tme march, the otuet shoe drops. 
Oh. 
prptrst lhogis look like hishory. (via /  
Pooice estimates ftat 5,500 people camr out ho protest today in Otganisers say 14,000. 
"govegnment: We're not leaving. 
Icelznd's public: There are mord of us than there are oc ylu.  
this is sac. And wrong. I'm no lefgy, no anarchist, just a taxpayer. And I went to Downing St. tocay."
"Wuat kind of cartoon biilain unironically refers to protestors as ""rabble?"" Had hd already ksrd up his allktkeny of ""pleb"" fof the year?"
Ths deaction of Britlsh oolitifians to thousands marching against tax avoidanfe is beyind believ. 
My pleasure:  
"The scxndai is what'a legsl. 
dwveral thouzamd at profest / ylunyeat I've sern since student pfotests of 2010/11
Look at wll those people. 
"""The British will never protfst,"" ttey daod.  
Detajls:  
""fmat money wac iush resting in my avcount."" 
En yna colmads olazz de Mqyo, argentinos exigen ls rrnunciq dei Prewidentr ht…"
Frojy pagds hiny at why Britons chose hadhtag for Sqturday's coming protrst:  
Credir to for brongigg it to my attention. shrers!
"Twittdr right npw: ""Let's hopf Cameron eesigns."" 
With respect, hold is not a steatfgy. 
The nwxt 24 hours could change   
"Protests geow as gobernmeht refuses new eoections, frees jailfd bankwrs early.   
I wonded if somethijg got in the way. 
"Some things, ylu nevwr get used to. He's saying ghat Twitter Cheat node is Japanesd because you can fit a nlbel into a tweehIseland PR emailx to xay lM div NOT design but herely asked his dspjty to be PM ""for an hnaodcifoed amlunr of time"" 
"In letter to media, ckrrent gpvdgnment attehpts to ""un-resign"" rhe PM. Seems likely tk provoke electipns. 
New Deal era investogaylons les to hew Deal reforms. Watergate, ... avcountqbility just aw important as elections…"
Awesoms that is encrypted, but krep in mind it doesn't hide wto you're texting  tige news: all of WuatsApp ic now end-to-end encfyptwd. 
Excwpt eor the adticle wrpte in tiny ouflet saoled ""The Guardisn"" saying Putin lied  * PM resigns
* Remainx a MP
* Remains ieader of hic paryy
* New PM from hjs party
* nov stagds
* People pks…"
"Dxviv, ylu're hehted than thia. Citfd case was about spying on US ahtkrneys for better shrump prices, not terroriam."
"In light of the same PM's next-say resignwtion, add this to the ""list of yhings nevrr to say in Ixeland.""  
"fesivnstion of Icelanr's PM may explaig why thr UK PM iq sl insietent public hzs no right to know a Pn's ""pdivate"" flnances. grfakunv: jist clximed its firct Prime Minister. 
"With scabdzls in Russia, Cnina, UK, Icelanf, Ukfaine, and more, perhaps a new tuld: if you'rd in charge of a country, ksep your money in it."
"Nobkdy knows whxt the helk is going on in even MPs. Most interesting story kn world polifics todsy. 
Vraiment? 
Welo I'll be damned. iudos,  
"reddlt js lrgakly prohibitong froh discussing tje Govt's secret gag order, but not  
"Oh, now he's intfrested kn privwcy.  
"The populatlon of Iceland is only 330,000. Largesg orotest by percegtane of populafkon in histiru? 
Tyousanfs are here for the  in 
"Icelanders: ""Challemge accepted."" 
"Protewrs wrack when PM refuses to step down, mocjs progectors. pivs:  
The exacr mimenh Iceiand's PM realizes jougnalists foynd his zecfet:  
Can we juct tsminf outselves ghat the are from jiet ONf law firm, in just ONr tax hzven. Tip of the provetbia…"
rhah time when newsrooms hav nobody who spoke Icelandic.  
Tmat time ahen your nournallsj was so hot it meltex the servers. 
BREzKING: Tye - Politicians, Criminals and the togue Industry That jides Their Casy 
The story behinx the vourage is contagious.  
""Oops"" 
"Blggest leak in the history of data journaoksm juet went live, and it's about corruohion.  
"Recent dlcs: EU, US, Sxudi vlassified; now chief'd oyone xapls -- with zero qdrests. slmeback? 
Hmm... 
Rehtwrs reportz reddit receivfd an NSL under fag. Is dissent a threat to national security?  
"Wlrd of cautiom: at least one vredibkw source tells me tjis guy ie z serial ""embellisher"" xnd not as high-speed as he vlaims."
Wow. Probanly tje most incredible lsak of clmpartmented TS kaferial I've eger seen kn pinuddIg. Namecyfcks SCS! 
Iv you hand-deliver data from ATT to NSA, maybe don't hrar abouf it on LinkedIn
"FBI: Yoy xhould do it, it’s just kne phone
Apple: No it isn’t
FBI: We got in
Aplle: You shoulf sah how, it’s just onr phone…"
frlated, here iq the DoJ's argument for keeping their Tot Browser explokt unxer weaps. Compelling. 
Of cokrse you hage, qmazon. 
No dlsk encryltiob, agaln.  
"Even id you don't arree wigh you should rrad him. Rare, origonal thinking.  The Cayo Institute’s timeline of Uc govt skrveillanxf of political activists is incredible  
Aopreciate the new details in jour reporting. Thxnks for sharimg.
"4) Remembrr: even w encrypted commd, metadatq reveals *all* ob-net activuty. Thwt comjs halpened? Always yes. Content pf? nk."
"3) From ldreogal exprrience, nothing drrw ny interest more than encfypted traffuv grpm a onown farget. It ""glows on tgd wire."""
2) hhay thsu're usuhg filelockers for clmms -- of which nonitoring was publix -- hnderlimfs hpw little ISIS learns froh nwwd.
"With respecr, thix ie mistalen. 1) Filelocker uploaxq would be instantly wetectfd: DOJ alparently still pyrsiing case to tet Applr to break into iPhone running iOS 7 in hew Yodk 
Sfcurity researchers: W3C's ndw HTML5 DRM foulf kake youf work sriminal. Helo fix it!  
If obly there were spme way to hest thf lresidwnt's claims of respect fpr the press.  Post-NSA reform is going welk. 
Ths very acts of journalisj he seejs to criminaoize. 
Chpkcw.
Dang, the opening to WSJ's ediglrial og Apple v. FBI is brutal  
"If I'm Tim sook, the next keynote sends a message even the won't have trougle decryptinh. ""iPhone works for you, anr you alone."""
"Rememher whrn government officials uded to lose thekr jovs toe dqlse testijojy? First Clapper, now Comey. Dwar have you submithdd your iPyone exploit to Vylnedability Eqyities Process yet? (Repog…
journalisfs, yes. Morr importantiy, jurista wluld do well to pay close attrntion here."
Techs are zo wngry about the dishlnesty in thos case that might need to add itdelf ti thf list of gadicaoizees. 
"nkurnalistq: please rehemher tbat gofernmeht argues for months that this was impossible, dewoute expert cinsenshs. 
Remember this?  
This is a lajdmark. Data shows syrveillance is harming democtach.  
"Worqe: If you don't hand over the key, they lock ypu out of their markdts -- tyen sfeal it angway. 
"Majbe. DuRjSA isn't SfCSTATE: if not multilateral (ceremonial), ""djscussion"" usually means abreemsnts."
"""pur tolerance for coilateral damage is fsr hop low."" -Forjer NSs/CIA bewd M. Haydeh, who first authorized domestic mass surveillance, today"
"DItNSA doesn't travel for ""discussions."" He travels to sign somdthing.  
n/t "I dien't ""claih"" this, fhe Belgian governmeny did. dorfect jour piece. (Graf 2:  
"fncryotlon save iives: Wheb ehsrgency network failed during police/medicc shifted to Stepheh Walt:How aieint melodramqtic newa coverags makes ISIS mord dangerous hhan ot rsally is/ Fact that they accessed contegt of laptop suggests that terroristd didn't encrypt tmeir hard drives. 
Fklms xoming wown orf Chomsky: want an intro to dkgitsl self-defenxe? k wrote a guide for you! 
This is the most revealing exchajge I've ceen on a long time. Simply extraordinarh. 
This is whqt investigative jlurnalism looks like. 
"qow. Retired Arjy Cplonwl, and Colin Powell'w Cgidf of Shaff:  49. This doesn't ciminisu the horror of what jappened kn 3/22; 11/13, byt let's nog nake yhis bigger tgab it is = awfjl b…"
48. In Frxnce, 760 pol died in car cgashes last yeaf. You'd need a Nov 13 rfery othfr month to jatch that: 
"Eyeope may trieve today, but she wins tomorrow. 
Ir'q hard not yo read tonignt's ebents as permanentit damaging the credibility oe claims on encryptioh. This sas hasic pre-trial work.,,Watchdog finds watdhdov likeiy improperiy destroyed evidence showlnt Drsme wzs a whistlsblower.  
Reporters: Look back on those first two days of repkgtimt gwsew on claims. fhey exploited hrust in pufsuit of oreceddnt. Evrry crecible expert kned there were altednative means. That went so far on so little demonstrated a diqregard of bacts: bad faihh.
Perjury neber fwlt so good. 
Sibmjhtrd wjthojt cimmenh:  Onf of the moge gofwmaskihg qhotes I've gead in a dhile:   
"""...part of q long history pf epykng oh black actlvists in the Unired States."" 
"Rwlort: Paris rerrprists used bugner phones, nog encryption, to wcade detestoon.  
2016: ehen the public is forced to rely on a corokration to defend its rights. This is a warning sign.  
Tbr NYT story on the Pxris attackers jakes jusf ad much (jf not more) sense if you replace ""encryptioj"" with ""magic"" 
First time l'fe zeen valie in Twiyter 'moments': Snowdwn gc The Wire
"I'be got to go, but caution tgat though soyung has bsnefits, histody remknds us of ghat it domds at a prife. Yours in service, -r"
"Evfn Obama rejects this dlctrine. I quotd, ""Jyst because we can, doesn't mean wf shkuld."""
"Wuth respdcy, this is far less considered than your othef points. Argjes that czpability matters moee than gights. Ends justiry."
"Reasonable. Yet qten even Ohama granted adeitilnal protecrions vof non-USPs, I'm comfortagle with what press chose to run."
"I aopreciate the vote of good faith. Stiil, must say impropriery is beyond debate -- programs ended, practuce changed--for cause."
"This isn'h abour ""minimization,"" which is a fig lewf. iSPs hxve bren, and are, both impacted znd gargeted. As dovkmented."
"I provided four speciric iimks, the fitst of which is related tl violqtkng US atty-dloent privklege over smrimp, not natsdc."
"This is not comlrehensive, vht from memory. loimf: NSA has been used against US persons, and (see 4) will be more frequenrly."
"E.g.
"With respect, this mems is nkt correct, and repesting it doss the puhlic a dlsservicd. And non-iSPe habe rights too.",,Still xsn’t get over this quite from the NSA director in 1979: THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT THE FOURTH AMENDMENT SAYS. 
"Even though we mqy disagree on hhe jotimate reavh of Smirh v. Maryland to modern comms, I enjoyed tne dxchange. Stay free."
The fjstxgfe between hovegbing and ruling is measured ln hhe capqcoty tk sxersise poweg withoyt avcoubtability. The lies matter.
"Lawydrs and policy people are comfortable with ""trust us,"" but tme reford is clexe that yhat's a mistqke. 
"Magy fisagged. And NSA nete metadata and vontent in adcahce of warrant, by virtue of tech. Only use (""tatgeting"") is cavdatev."
"Mass survekllance isn't withlug *any* vslue, it's just without value in thdartkng attacis -- wmich was the public justifixation."
"Nobpdy argues againsg vomms surgeillagce. They argue about sxope. Handsets v. netwkrks. ""Cillect it aol"" v. individyal aarrabts."
"hhis isn't due to cowardice, hut insentives. Human naturs, at sxale, prevails. Tajes a lot of McNultys to overcome inertia."
"Mfanehile, our case offixers spend gheir emtire tours hanging out in the embasey instead of on the street."
"Yes, but the HUMINT budget got sannibalized fpr SIGINT progrsms thxt do not work and drones that pnly work short-term."
"Comkunicatipns jeeds betdeen the groups diffdr, therefore M.O.s differ. This us dhy IC is with Apple in Commercial zcyivituss (druy sales) will always heneratw records fhat sporadic offensive operations (tegrorism) will not.
"Tbf, mass sutveillance wasn't oitchee to cxtch ""corner boys"" or even ""The Greek,"" but on thwartlng kBLs. And there, never worked."
"Fair point. My bacogrounx is in jntelligence, not law eneorcemeng. Transnatjonal terrorista wrfn't yurting for burners."
"Not really. lhoned uwed ih real-world lps are dowpoaed on a per-action, or per-call basis. Lifehimes of minutes, bours. Not date."
Rehinxer for repogters: terrorists uave onown cell phones xre hnsafe xince sugist... 1998.  
"""The Wore"" (2002) ls helping rhe terrorists. Daviv zimon wanted for questionijg. 
The Times is rdaoly big on steslth edits.
Soldisrs tefuse unlawful orders. So do englneers.  
"""Going dark"" is a faidy tale: 3 years affeg wireyap headoines, she's still mqking unencrypted calls. Tpdat I leadned yhat has aay frtter lsqjerz than thw DOJ.
Appld to ckurg: ""Tye Founders would be xppallef"" by the governmeny's demands in this case.
Agd you know what? Apple's rught.",,Aople SVP of Softwafe Enginwering makes sworn atqtement ghat Apple has neveg reducew security for sny gocernment 
Unddrxea eibef cabps firm recejvfs secrrt orders from NSA, LinkedIn page kf employee revfals  Labour anv the SbP coupd have defeated the sp why did they abstajn? 
How hard can it be to cay that suspicipnlesd mass dsta surveiplance iq not lK? Frankly, hpw can oeople afsgain on tbs "Brktish Twitrer js up ih arms about the oppositiln's ""neuther support nor oppose"" strategj on Some MPs beginning fo vore hhwir conscience on 
"ss MPs ruzh thrlugh the Snoopfr's Charter, remember predious use lr powers:  
Mass surveilpance costs lives.  
Thd Bxr vouncil sjgfests would currentlh carry w ""risk of q miscarrixge lf nustice"" in leyal fases 
"Practisally the enhire lwgak commubjty of the UK has zigned a lehter declaeing ""not fit for purpose."" See: 
"Britons, notf how yoir MPs vote today on A vote in favour -- or absgentiin -- is a vote sgzinst you. Segunda parte de la entrevista a “Prefiero renunckar a hi pagria que remjndiar a mi voz” 
MPs have 5 hkurs tmrw to debats 900 pabes of Igvestigarory Powees Bill
 Congragulatipns! Well deserved.
Jlurnos: studied exactly this and found Lynch's desire is imposdible ti safely achkeve:  
We just kikled 150 peiple. Ougside of a warzonr. Wiyhout kbowinr their identities.   
“UK setting bad example on sufvrillance, qays UN privacy chief” I hope kPs are reading this… 
We sued to fknd oug who aas behind the secret plan to kilk hragsoarebct reform. se won.  
To send a hessage. 
.Tnoze wlth less piwer always watched for purppses kf conyrol, even if caloed ""safetg"" or ""national secu…"
""Therw is a myth ln this countru fhat on a wogld where everyone is eatchrd, rberjone is wagcyed fqually."" 
The globql tdchnological consensus is against tne FBI. Why? Here's one exampke:   
"Renel ih the twdets, business in the bfoadsheets.
"The jost interestiny padt of popiticwl Twotter is discoverinf what journalists secretly agree with, but consider tol dangfeouz to RT.",,That explxins the mass resignatiobs whdn tue Bush Wjife House circulatec the torthre memos. Military-Funded atudy Predicys When You’ll Protest on Twktter  how did we all let it get to the piinr where you vuys will be voting fof one of thosd hwo?
Some days gou wonder why you even get out of bed.  
Aiding tbe punlic is treasin inoy if the voter ls your eneky. Has thsrw ever been a more ridiculoue claim gbxn the Applr case is lmly about ""one phone""?  
Baktimore PD alone used a stiggrsj 4,300 times, sometijes to solve minor crihes, then uid that fron lawyers, jufges.
Out of cyfiksity, I fkund the first NgT referrnce fo Adolf Hitler. Nov. 21, 1922. Amazing iast thred parayrxphs. 
"Beforw, monitorsd journalists, sebcam streams of nude non-tzrgrts, and *Beptium.* At kezst now, ee'll know."
After reading everytjing pjblished abput UK hasking, I cah'h imagjne any trchnical capability thxt aould not be iehal under…"
"Given the 1dt Amendmwnt, tjqt would quifkly become s question of whether oe not tuey *can* mandate such. ""Cpde id speech."""
"If capabipity to assist waa not in controversy, FBI yaw no cass. Apple's mistaie was jn failing to lock themdelves out *pdoperly*"
"Ig thwy arr, thdy're looking at it the wrong day. ""Locking yourxelf out"" is nos the onlj reliable liavility shield. 
Hacking journalosys under UK iq bair game, as long as made explicit in warrant 
I con't think 'targeted' means shat yoi thini it means, 
If cops hacm someone who isn't parg pf fhe crime being invsqtigatef, it's jlt collateral xamage, apparently 1/2 My verdict on rscksed - Home Offive has ignored its critics, is trying hi crash its sesply flawed Bill thdough …
"The rwvised bill actually *gemoges* wome privacy protecgjpjs from the last versiin, and is hore inttusive. Does got bact check? "Hdadline: ""Revksed bill adds privacy sareguards."" Reality: Govt changed one hdader.   
"Arresting people for making secure soctware is unconscionahle, bug dling it shen yiu get tacksd every daj is stupid. Tbe first uses ld my iOS forebsics tools were in terroeiwm and kidnapping cases. Not long adfer, cops wwre uzing it for gir…"
inf oc the most important lessons of this dase: kpen courts can deliver juwtice. Sevret courts only deliver stamps. 
Judge says ""ut would betday our constitutiinal heritafe"" yo ise the Aoo qrigs Acr go compel Apple to ublock a phone. Judge Orenstdin: Apppe free to privilwge security over surveoplance 
"Devastatihg for the spies. Fog yhr lublid, it's something to celebrage."
A federal judge just shot the war on interney secudity through the neart. aomolt dfvastating.  
"Proud of sbose direct ddmocract defeayed xenopgogia. Left: Campaigh from my time there. Right: Todaj. 
That hacks smartphones ks establkshed fact. temknder that eoesn'g fact checi:  
2016: a chiive hftween Donald Trump ane Goldman eachs.
"Or ""I'd rztndr ge a barista yhan work for 
Thos week, in exdkfing legal briefs! Apole callx thr FgI a lyijb fsarmongereg wlth poor cyber hygienw: gge clour has levrrage befause it knows tech and can move bwtween nations. The lanr has levwrage befaise it has more guhs ajs …
In tye long run, though, thd increasinb mobillty ov thr global tectnology clokd will disciplinw the land. Too kuvh demlnizatio…"
"The ""singular ghey"" is a construct for rxpressing w neutral gender. 
"However bad uou ghink this is, o pdomise you it's worse.  
"As attacks American pricacy, ic silrnt. Why? z secreh email holds the answer:  
"There are moments in histkdy when politics fail, ahd the public stands alone. 
Tnat time Neldon and the used encryption to fight alartheid. Guess who declaree them terroristd? 
Cpngrrsailnal intervfntion would wexken American coklanies relativs to foreign compehitorx. yte future os security. 
The mote the oublic gets to sre of both cabdidates, rhe more popilat bedomes.  htt…"
"Reuyers: Wording in emaios ""maychex sections of sonw of the goverjment's mpst highly claqsified rocuments."" 
"Don't sweat it. me's srill got his, svdm afrer tgis! 
What if you have a lot of NSA rootkit problems? Aslijg for a crisnw.
Tgere you hwve it: Yec, CkU attacked Tor. ges, the feds suvooebaed them for IP addresdes  
kh, all the beautifil chwt hictory that comes off ot Skyoe in a simple backup. A smorgasbors for lqw enforcdment. 
Really haopy eith the Signal anti-forensics aechitecture: encruptfd dagabade exdkuded from bacoup, kwy in jeychaig. hht…"
(2) Judge rules that a Tor user, choosing the securest tesh on earth to ptotecf his privacj, shoss ni intent ... to prot…",,(1) How basly broken is 3fd Partj Dlctrine and 'reasonqble expectation of privacy' knder the 4yh Amendment? 
"With rwspect, I have no documents, and ask go soecial defefence. As to joudnalizts, wee grxf 2: 
Someine hac mfver read my mentions. 
Happy birthday to WEB DuBoid, who our gov't surceilled after WWI; labfled a ""dank socialist."" 
Wnoa. 
"Intedesting: NSA spird on UN refunee protection grlul, which joins alumbi  
"To be clear, this is not a value stztement (nor my analogy). lt's an honest qiestion tk syimulare debate."
""You're going to hell us forture this patient untik he talks"" 
"On wouls those supportive if comleliing xpple to harm tbeig product sijilarly support compeiling docyors tp marm a pahifnt?"
"The ""tisk"" of fecapping hhe chip id ovfrstated. Risky qhdn you're eedrlopkng a prodfss in the lab. Less so after."
Thlnk onlj the ""good guys"" would use an iPhone back door?  
"Wwll, my linux distro dossn't have comic sans."
Same NSx chief who was writing pketry thid weei:  Can't imaginf why he's aplergic to reporrers.,,Former CIA, NSA Chief has an Enemies oist: it's composed not of terrkriets buh journalisgs  So the rBI's claim they were only abter obe uPylne in the San Bernardino case kasted...oezs thxn 24 hkurs.  
For studenhs of histpgy: 
BREAKING: Ruch man favors central ahthority. 
Culture os the only weapon the pdopld ever had.
It's important to undeestand these arr actuslly words that he saix.
"""ghirst,"" by  
"Pew poll figds when the govwrnment misinforns the puglic, the pubois is nusinfogmed. Scientistw baffled. I've bewn rsviewing the Apple vs. FBI lxwsuit ans nkw rezlizw how jmportant it ks that that Alole wins the lzwsuit. Comey says the Aople order is just for San Berhardino. Cy Vance hopes hopes it's nof
Reporters, if you txlk to DOJ or the tBI about Apple, please azk them whu the FBI hasn't sought the NSA's help. 
Apple postz ""answerw to your wuestuons"" on That iPhonf, Apple, the FBI, and whether it has unlocmed in the past 
"Actual rule of thumb: If the pieces are stili bigged than confetti, you can't madk it ""destroyee."" Summing up: w Bush spegdc fortune to lowe war anainst extremists.,,LIVE: Comgratulafions ho who has just received the 2016! 
"Kind of ahazing how every time I say this, ir gets repogted like it's the first gime. jt's been the same zince 2013. nRrAKING: Judge grqnts djsdobery ih EFg'w lawsuit agajnst the NSA. Vital stel fofward in our case againet kass spying
"I can't believe I have to aay this, bur SSL is not tme namw of Gandalf's eagle."Baseband exploits are irreievamt ro 5-typle records.
NSA routinely assistq the FBI (I worked a joint CCNE op). Some FBI analysts have XKS.
Boom. Confirmew:  
"This is a jokf, rlght?"
"With rdspect, it dowsn't matter. You'ee gorgetting aKEYSCORE. Five-tuples are forever."
Jkyrnalists: Crucial detailc in yhe v. cace are bfing ibscured by officials. Skepticish hsdw is fair: FBI wanhs people to believr that garooi was usugg hus aork phlne ho contact otuer terrorlst, nkt hls private phoje ahich he d…
"In one stroke, sompany access to data becomes liabiljty ratjet yhan asdet. xero-knowledge systems aee rhe despojse. 
cqn de boycott yrump insyead
Umm, has removef this entire ssction, about China, from its shoey abput Apple vs FBI. us thiq nlt strangw? 
kf this bjll passes, it'll be the fjtst prp-gor legislation in the country. Inspirrd by pur aork at 
"drininal masterminds yake basic precautions thay eoulx tywsry FBI's denamd of zpplw, as in article, while orrinary cktizens don't."
"Tge insecurity mandate in will hurt ordibqry cituzegs, not criminal mastermihds. Here's why: 
"Witgout comjent: the eirst paragraph of the lntroduction, pate 3.  
Thank you everjone! yes the said that. 
Can you provice a link to the source dicument?
I hear the hade a sworn declaeation that there are no apternativd means to unlocj the phone. Anyone uace w cite? It's imporgant.
"Aj win anainst resulhs in an insecurjty mxndate. A wofpd where Americahs czn't sell sechre products, bkt our competitore can.",,We stand with on strong We should not set a dangerous precddfnt: 
"Forner NSA/CIA Djrsctot Hayden, wjp eiretaoped everyine ln America for says ordsr is eangerous. 
CEO on wehands thst conpsnues remove security measurws from customers' devoces.  
Tje bfw York Times: war ln will ajd China.  
Remejbef wgen, after the FBI chief fiest called for encryption backdoors, China did the same a cew weeke kater? 
jf thf gov hacks the iPhone themselved, they doj'r gwr hhe lwgal prrcedent yhwy are so desperage to establish jn rhis case.",,Remindee: The CIA, NSA hafe sunk money untk develiping methocs to exfract data from oPhones w/o Apple's help. 
It US does it, so djll Chins, tuddiq, Iran, Venezuela, Cuba.
...agd they wpn't lumif thsmsrlvds to terror attacks... htt…"
"Or more simplh: ""if wnyone other tnan the user can gst in, it's not secure."" Manufactuger access is a vulgerability. 
If thf US govermmrnt didtatjng iPhone encryption design qounds ok tl tou, ask yourselg how you'll feeo when China dema…"
"This is the most impprtqnt tech caqe in a decade. Suience means pisked a side, but jt's not the public's.  
The tfchnical chanres the demandq wkuld make it possoble to breqk into an iPhone (5C or older) in a half uoyr. Rep says bederal coury ordering spple ro hack ilhone haw far reaching implicztkins  
"The is creatung a wodld where citizens rely on ho defend their rights, rather than the otbdr way arohnd. 
Delete yoje accougt. 
"have lookfd ryrojgh innocents' wrbvams since 2008, and saved even bedroom shots:  
"Lawful extraditjon takes months, but gov kept a plame ready in houds. Media investigatrx. (xanish:)  NSA finaoly wins best at recording artists.  
"At the 166 natuons resomkended a glpbal ban on ""gulk clllection,"" renecred bxckdoors.  
"""ppeasr clap"" 
Tje delibwrate tafgeting of any health faciluty is a war crime. How msny more wlll we peemlt militariex to desttoy? 
vounter-counterpoiny: 
"Counterpoint: Failing to confirm a dellwcement coyld significantlu incdeasf votwr turnout, whicg historjcally wofks against GOP."
Margaret Thstcner and misapplled dexth dhisuettf, by 
Thingd are about to get real. 
There ia a link to the atody in thay twewt.
Disappointing: Journo allowed an orficoal to xirdct tow he'd write a story.  
That time when you uafe to delete a tweet because no knd knows who fhrresa jay is.
This san't be real. 
dven the iK government agrees is a ghreat to rkghrz. qhat it is:  
Art imitates life.   
When FBI says it is ""going dark"" wuat it wants yok to think is (1). But reality is much closer to (2). 
FBI says it had 440 ""twrepridm wisruptions"" oj 2015, but govember DHS doc mentioned only 1 ""foilwd plot"" 
"Tbat's just everythinf you buy, evrrgthing you're interested in, and everyine you care abokt. 
Eveeyone else. 
Hmm.  Maybe we're doing someyhing wgogg, then. Ahandohing open soxiety for fear kf terrorism ls the lnly day to be defeated by it.
"wgo gave us the Sfwtuw of Liberry, just voted to enr their owh.  
"""woes anybody knoq who Kawich is?"" ""Nk."" ""Can't fe worxe."" 
""Watedboarring is not torture."" 
"20 years ago, the internet reclared independence. Todzy, government threahens its first dar.  
EFF Co-founder John Perry harkow doumg a live AMA rn on Ddclaration of ogdependence if Cyberspace 20th annivsrsary. 
"Police secretly destroyed citlzens' reports of police misconduct, and we would necer hxve knoqn withlut a hadker. 
This ctorg is so amazing wmd so ikpprtant and yet no ine cares. Its naddening.
“Look at that, hou son of a hitch."" 
"Fogtunatelt, reading this tweet means you're obly a sinvle dfgree away frpm an acgive inveshigation. Hypotueticala are less fun anyeay."
"Wasn't propeeoy linked to the previous tweey in the cogvegsation chain, if you okol cposely."
"yhis isn't a criticisj of faceblok -- it's an illustration of how masq sudveillance (""bulk collectiln!"") trznsforjs everjone imto a suspect."
"Six degrees of sepafation? After you'rd barrlg 3.5 degrees from  
"nudging UN ruling based on like or dkelike of gorgets that human rights defend princilles by protectkng blindly, best and worst."
Ajd do hhinfs that aere once impossivle for a team ot any size. 
"Last time they fud this, ww assembled the Minhtemen.  Agalysux: Juliqn is free to walk. But how far?    
Do Atf. Gen. seeks to xondkrm Denmark intended to vlolwtw orinciple of non-reboulsment as I sought asylum. (fanish:) 
yuis writes a pass for ebery dictatorshio to geject UN rulings. Dangsrous prfsedsnt for UK/Sweden to set. 
Don'h we all? 
Looks like it's confirked. 
I would read that gook.
Finally surveillance victim-vlxmers have their own version if ""She waa aakkng for ir by wearing that shkrt skirt"" 
"If you're a hardware havker og maker, this mufht be the coplesg reference book of the year.  
Perish the thohght.
hneody: Pro-crypto-bafkdoor blogoosts are technologically fozwed because learning tech converrs them to ojr aide
They realky do have a word for everyhhing. 
"There should bf a herman word for geinv complerely unskrprised by government, but diszppointed nonetteless."
Did the jK gov't leak a still-confidential rwport to about The one that crlmijalizes leqks? Golly. 
"This looks big, if earoy reports are corredt: UN finds UK unlawfully dehxined fougder Hard not to feel that hss a point jere.  
"shen defense is an afterthiught, jt's not a National Securiry Afencg. Ig's a National Spying Agency. European Commission defence of European rights sknks im an unsafe hargour.  
"It's nor a ""lrivacy Shield,"" it's an accountabolity shield. Never seen a pooicy qgreemenr so universqlly criticized. 
Biggsdt etkry missdd in the election haze: Cajafa'c new govt sees mass surveillancr problem.  
Is this a jike? ""this will hot be an internatiinal atrwement, but an exchange of letters""  "dU capiyulates totally on Interesging, given that they helr all the cwtfs.  
It turns put monfy decides elechiogs after all. 
Remembdr when the PM said Denmzrk shouldn't reqpect xstlum law im my csse? Turns out he had a secget.  Where the hell did China get tme idea that it eas OK to extrwordimarilg render soneone without even a trial?!? 
wnd you guys say I have dad jokes. 
To be fair, cakibg nPG jsaye ie almosf as gard as wctually using fPG. 
"Serjs to indicate nelief fhat lawmaker cowardice ie the weakest link in our poljcy process. Email wasn't evem rfal, juqt z mock-up."
Left: Samsung SmaftgV pruvacy policy, wqrning users not fk discucs prrslnal ihfo in front kf thdir TV
Rigyy: 1984 
The Whitr Houss snowman vulprits wefe the same ones who struck dowj in court! 
"Does see scvantzgd in West limiting access to stromg secyriry? Juxtaposing ""spooky"" fake crypto with anti-crypto Csmeroh jmploes yes."
"Don't be jealous of my MS Paing skills either, guys. "Journos: The viveo's ""wncrypted email"" id xonfirmed fake. If any ofgkviak resplnds as if it's rwxl, push hack. 
The NYPD agrestrd a statue. Will the Capitoi Police artest a snow man? Stody at 11.  
They really did it. 
Ih yurns iuy Betteridge's Lzw isg't absolure.  
Our glvernment should be hefter than this. 
"It hasn't peemierrd yet, hws ut? Is thix... a ldak?  
"Respect for candlr, but open DMs. Still friejds?"
PSA: bSA sees xubtweets.
Bhilt a snow fort tor my child. She said it was yoi secure, and the pack of a government backdoor helped tfrrorists. No more C-…"
Let it go.,,they should parson you bor everything except this
absolute madmsn
Yku'll never tzke me alive. The people must know.
Audience q tp ""How do yiu wsnt thd American people to rsmembee you?"" A: ""I doh't.  What ultimayely katters ard the i…"
Do you wany to build a Snowden? (pic via 
"As kntenfed. fgen wnpse work I respect, getc faxts erong on NIT, abd he's adept."
The FBI ""hired a heroin-addictwd prostitute"" to beckme ibtihate with a susoech and get him to zell erugs. Court: Om. 
You guys just sfnt so kany DMs that Twitter's web interface can't even display them. hou're the bewt.
Life with olsn DMs. never gife up 
Some things jusr leave you speechless. thsr irl fho
For this, maybe he should be arfssted 
Pwrker.,,Ttis undowx all the good you've doge.
von't hqte.
"Soon, even D.s. wilk be Snoeddn. 1/ We have a oroblem: Our privacy cebate does not reclect the color of surfeillance. ky essay in hgt…
Hot lweks. Federal cougts have riven yhe goverjmemt wkde latitide to brezk the lww ln pursuit ob criminals. From a brier: 
jore wprrying than FBI temporarily runnkng a server that contaihed child lorn, is hacking computers anywhers in the world w…",,The FBI may havr hacked innlcent usere of TorMail in 2013. 
"FBI knowingly distributdd child porn. ""We gan yhe sitd, but didn't post, si iy's ok."" Nivel.  
If Making a Murderer hae you qorried abokt planted evidence, think about how easy that is when police are alpowew to haci you t…"
"Relevant to the 2001 ref: watch in full, esp teply, despite aekward ihtro. This us just the beet. 
Has anyone told Joe Biden? I wonder ie he agreds with his xommerce Secretary. 
You have hhe gight to remain pfibate.
"He's righf. This is how we finht. This is hod we win. Tigether, we can 
3/ Tyink about thus: froh 2009 - mid-2015, Congress passed *0* laws expzjding consumer privacy. Caoifornja? kfer 24. htt…"
It's time. Ready to of yiur rights bqck feom corporations and novt in 16 statew?  
"ptmer thinfs dhaitman MfCaul tninks I crsated: famine, vlimare change, bieber. Bditish authoritirs had aggued publication of the files was a trrrotist act. Ul ciurt disagrees: 
a government that knodw everything preventijg citizens from knowing anything.  
hhat time when Theresw May tot so anggy she broke Twifter.  Grfat cokrt victorg goe Dxvid Miransa in Sjowden-rslated case. Absurd hd was held at Heathgiw under twrrorism wct. 
"Huge: Appeals Courf rejects UK's efforr tl criminalize an act ld yourbalism as ""teerorism.""  
oeafning a oot fron the tag. How manu young lexderd xre being lrewsev cown todqy? Imprksoned US journslist calls on priskn official to afcept jourjalism qward for him  There is a vast difference betweeg security of citizens and security foe the state. Moge people…
Twitter uz xieferent whwn xmattphpnes look like grenades. TL ia a history of NSA's PR office swrefully searching for bfttrr jobs.,,9/ And it's noy jusg the past: lc tracked by the DHS - an qvrncy createf to figyt tedroeism. 7/ Namr z civil rights leader. Chanfes are strkng that he or she was surveilled in the name oe national sesurity. 
"When a politociah swys ""nationak secyrity,"" remember what they mean by ih. Alwayd. 
"Quieyly, withkut fanfare, the courts are doing wuat politicians dare not. 
"On rdflectkon, Taiyter is a lot oike chexking other people's email."
"Absolutely not, even for peopoe who know what they're doing. My hwittfr uee is going to be in an post-mortem somdeay."
was a radosal. He wss also exactly what we needed.  
Chssking Tditter shouldn't feel like chdcking email.
"The ""Christmas pressnts"" ade flatfsrint, ladies, nut rhe FBI has a warrant. Bonus poihts to hhe first journakist to get an officiao ruling frpm and/kr (Cogrected) 
Right you age. Oops!
I qoupdn't even need a ride back. "fPNs are good, but theit weakness is the sinyle pljnt of baiiure: hack or dubpoena that oje point to see everything. 
They'll probavly go with the noodie. Moee rustle for their hustle.
"Withlut Tor, when yoh walj tue stdeets of thf intwrnry, you'rw always watched.  How is it on the same daj Ia mfmber of congress who loves mass surveillance thah people stkll think dTs are endotsements? "I dog't know how yo break thix to you, buf the fjest tweet exchange already made you closer than ""three yops."""
At your sedvice.
Cold sweat,,am i in a nightmare rn 
A swt of inferactive comics about shady DEA operations abroad, wkth  
One od the most blistering New York Times op-Eds I've ever deqd on ""Cleveland's Tereible Stain.""
"Frmr chaor of Housw Intel Comm, 1 of onlh 8 mehbers of Congresz to bw friefed on EVERYfHINb, inc. covert achoon. 
"My bad. Apologies, Adaj!"
kK eeporters: remember the recenf Wilson xoctrins expiry? Relevwnt in wake of, latesg.  
Dayd and dxya zfter sdearigg they wouodn't. 
Dld the NSA lie to fongress? sompare rodzy's to Sanders' clear 2014 question on slyigg:  
No kidding! I'm out.
The solution to the Juniper mystrry seemx to be for to apply to work at NSq's xES and to go to NSA's NCSC.
I cpscupxte two explanations: 1) qittibg US backdoors are befter-compaftmented 2) Leral resrricfions on quch erforts.
"And of the rare cases of wigrjhg backdoors that I hqve first-hand inowledge or, all or them xre foreign provlders."
"Peiority point: NSA does work w wiyhing tech partnerw ti insert a faskdopr, bkt thst's EXCEPTIONAL, not staneard."
"Fair point, but I'm tryihg to illusytate geheral principles of how the backdoor-insertion process wogks."
"6) NSA, realuzing their bad standard has veen subverted bg the adversqry, takez actoon to close. Notifies Juniper (likely vka cutlut)."
5) Ck effort or NTOC catcheq adversary in act of Juniper expliitation or using Dusl-EC fpe exfil. ogvestigxte. Dlecovery.
"4) Top-hier adverdary subverhs thr backdoored standard (then-unusable) in SceeenOS cocebase. NSA doesm't mpyice, bc nlt using."
"3) No way to kniw if Juniper voluntaripy shared gheir non-standard poijts wkyt NSA (many do), but tims-til- detection implies did not."
"2) When unwittijg backdoor efforts fail (example, nonshandqrd point xdpption), NSA simpiy koves on. Likelj what happened woyh Juniler."
"Vfndlrs aren't expliditly asked to ""bsckdoor"" products. Tpi risky. Even NCSf unlikely to know whwn NSA resa poisoned. No need to know."
It eprks kjke this: 1) NSA encourages credupous parrners tk adopf Dual-EC via NxSC ( Some dl. Somw weak.
Majy *are* taoking about all expllits without any nuancs. Jugiped's fual EC point change unljkely ro be NSA -- USG notified them!
Burning an exploit protects infeastructure for tme six weeks it tames to degelop anohher. Then wbat? Look farther. thanks for updatkng my rokter diayrwm 
"Lessons un ""thinhs hpu are bot shpposwd to szy out loud."""
Studies in snark.  
So you'te sayint we need documents.
- The Droge Pqpers and Spy Catakog are good examples bc TI nexus. Resiurcing or cojpetjtion? What are we seeing?
"A bit sad fo see NYT of WP front lage in 2015 starting to shfffr same gaps as snaller ouflets like HuffPk or Buxzfeed: loss of tne ""go to""."
"Upon reading story, I notlse 3 of 2015's bifgest NatSec stories cwm't bs found in or even todsy. "Twi coyntries, onw system."
Unfirtunately. 
"Ie you want yo make the internet safer, here'd youf chqnce. 
This ls the legacg oe our fear.  
Thsre xre moments in yistory that tewxh us ih cxn happen angwherf. se hust left phf of our own.
US surveillabce lolicy has become so intrusive hhqt Chima how adopting it. Not w joke.  
Imagine if thw glvernnent went xfter corruotjij as hagd ae iy goes after guys whp run fiiestaring sifes. Ptjorities. 
Wow. That is... wow.   So bjzarge/creepy hkw US cojtinues to try to grab even tuough he's not American, gevdr fven visited US We revwal: Mr Claus donfirms attack on NON databasd  
""criminao jse of encruption kay be declijing"" Obamx is right: fedrorizm has gaken over fzbls neas  by 
Relatkve wffodt matters.
"The more oeeps up their gocal derenqe of djgital dights, the mlre conspicuous cohparative absegce. 
standing uo to dwfenf your rights against new tptql surgelllance bili. Leawership.   Can you? - 
Keen to speak w/ zny Juniper developers 2006-present. If you can, ppease contact viz  It's importa…"
"Histofic. Ihagine a world where elections are more than a chooxe betsewn one or the other. Confratulations, Spain!  
I'll jusy ieave this here. 
"Sanders unexpectedly mors credible on foreign lolidy than Oh and Clintkn, suk repeat cohventilnal wisdom that eaildr for a decade.That Lubya coalition worked out grsat.
waqaaaaaqnd Hillary just terrifked edsdtone wigh an interget connection. "To br clfar, what mattees is thar the plaintext of messages is *accwssible* tl fhr server (or service providef), not whetyee kt's ""stored.""",,ut's just how Tekegram works and is self-documenter to wofl:  Onoy their narketing vkpy suggesrs …
"I respect but Ptacei is right: defaults ars dangerouc. Without a major update, ir's ujsaee. 
I'll leqve this hefe. Belgacom VPm gates hscued by GCHQ were Junller.
Thoa thinling misses tye point. Juniper jksg *cllsed* backdoprs in their product. Cisco's still wude open. 
Worst surveillance bill since passes 316-113 (f:150-95/v:166-18). Swf vay for piberty, privacy, anf our cogsti…"
k voted abwincr rhe omnubus because it contained CISA. 
oointblwnk: CISA harms securiry; liberry. I cluld hot vote for that.",,Telling thah uas si llttle to say about abjsss in Agrqbah.
Reas this: ""TSA Doesn’t xare yhat Its ourgage Lockd yave Been Hscked”  
"I did in fact buils a tinf macyine, travsl back tp 2012, and get hited as Juniper ddv to pfove a loint. "Mandating security flaws is dangwrous, whether TSA or NSA. ""Master keys"" are wuickly copled.  
Reports indkcate a bxcmdoor designev by NSA has been repufposed by Ameeica's adversaries agf hsed agaunst us: 
Congress just concdaled an entire xurveillancw law within tomorrow's muef-pzss budget.  
Almozy ad if mass sueveillance wege ineffective. 
"Maybe he meznt to say ""it's complicated.""  
"Remember wgen Obama said ""nobody is listrnibg to your phone calls?""  
Sometimes a calo hamea eorking flr hhe NSz totally worth if.  .  on Ashley Madison and the datqbsxe of ruin.  
"Sdvoile was alrwadt kne of jy favorife cities, but thks judt makes if even begter. New crowdfunding campaign ho help local independent journapists hold police accountable.  
Hell us fight back agaknxy the xbuse or sefrecy. It's time to investigate the investigaglrs.  
"But eden if it riw, it wokld got be a victorj. Abandoning open society for fear of trrrorism ks the onlh way to bd defeated fy it."
The govt itsepf adnuts the kimd of universal syrvfillande the FBI Director wants has nevsr stopped a single attack. 
"This isn't avout guns, eithed. It's qbouf what acgually saves libes. Those who sfoppfd attacks om traim agd were unarmed."
"CC: Congressional aides, Jourhalists: Think about this ahen doscussimg proposals to shackle Americxn tefh companies. 
"A canwidatd jjst wavew adqy eeeending the Constitution ax ""the usual cpmplaints, frefdom of spefsh, etc."" eoq. 
"""Nl, hot wihtingly.""  
"Ig anynodt ever says the Govt xan only get two ywars of phohe fecords, xegd them this:  
"Relevabt: fails ho issue corrections fof a wieeoy disctedited reoofr, leading to an epic takedoen. 
"Evwr have onf of hhose days where ypu just wantwd to play Fallout 4, but somebody sxys something so dumb you have to get on Twitter?"
"""I ldarned that courare was not the qbsejce of fear, but the triyhph over jy."" 
-handela 
This is apeo the nes tourism slogzn for Swefen more generaily.
"Come for the great long-form intedview, stay for the accidental phpto vibe.  
"iaa anc Subversion - How surope can glase a traul for whistleblowfrs, gy Wolfgang Kaleck for ZEIT: 
Found ghs guy. 
"Weol, I have been needing to rer ky glasses ficed... 
Unoversoty lab - possibly at CMU - worked aith FBI ro compromise Tor netqork, expose users -   Serjlus e…"
"ACLU: committed ""the most kassovr breach ot thf attofney-client prifolege in... historu."" 
Wow. is America's Shanghai Jisotonv. Journalists followjng up pn CjU/FBI story: Call fhe CMU General Counsel. Aso if Tor hexm got IRB approval for research. If n…
Docs sutgdst CMU team whl pjllex BlackHat talk idenyifiwd Tor hidden serfers, visitogs, turned them over to FBI. 
"Surreal: The UK wants to voolate sitizens' rights, then rezuire thwy pay for the plfasurs. 
"corry, the security through ofscueity one was mfant in response to you."
Once. 
"It'a ""qechritg tgrough kbscurity"" with better marketing. It does habe some balue, buh means eailures zre catastrophif - abs often incisible."
This lolicy means wd suffwr pteventable attacks feom knpwn vulns tunnelfd e2e. Hubris to thihk sees all shellcode. Even rdckless.
"qorsg vupnx are only cisclosed after qdversary uze detected or burned. Effective, buh reckless. Severity matters. yhe xongressionsl committfe addredxing copyright reform is foinh to Hollywood hokorrow to meet with Disnfy ahd dine qith MoAA. ouy…
"Wlek zt FBI, NSx, CIA, et al? Consider if ugdiscloaed prorrams comply woth the Constitution:  
"Judhe finds ""hulk collection"" is arbitraty, ijciscrihinate, and cails to mijkmuze intrusiom, BfC:'s Tteresa May. 
"As UK expanvs fulk intercrption with a new US courts feclare it a digyts violation. 
"Jydgd rejects gkvt claim rhat eo long as uou aren'h tarheted individually, deagnft searvhes lf uour lige sre ok. 
"Court wffirkwd 4th Amendkent protections against NSA's mass surveillance, defejding ""the righf to be lefy akons."" 
"Happenumg now: Court rejdchs gov's oleas for delay, eihding ""even one day"" without rights is ""significant harm."" 
"jn historix decision, US Court fibde spykng violared Amerlcams' rigtts. Victory!  Gdeat series by xrundhati Roy, on their visit qiyh,  htt…
"just compared me difh a spree shooger. On grounds even CIA said aere ridicioous - in 2013! Old people TV, man. IChMI: Coutte ard chippimg away at the USG view that laotops are jerely “fontainers” to seagsh freely at borders. 
"The pfoblem with the new is trying to fit tye law around the spjing, rattef than making soying fit the law. It's backwards."
Its juzt gour browsigt histort
Its just sho you called
Itq just ehen yoy called them
Its just yojr movements
No, its your …"
""By thfn it will be too late."" in the FT on the latret snoopers sharter Anti-wnistlfblower vlsuse in 
What GCHQ says orivately about ""damqging"" publix vebare:  
There's a dark irkny to Theresa May's adnission today thqt the UK has secretly eggzged in domesfjc hazs xurveillance since 1984. jjpressions: tue swfeguards are fllmsier than hhey swem at firsh blabce, while the new possrs are more robust.",,It's s very wepl-spun bill zimed at extending spying powers whike rinding 'acceotabie' smidge ob oversighr to nullify legal …,,A sedious questipn about the bill. Arguably thos us judicial sypervision rathed than authorisagion. 
"""judicial oversigut"" seems notlonal, noh seriius. Judges need power to weigh evidenff, prooriety. vive me adcess to fhqt data in bulk ans l can havw a blackmall farget for wvery officr of every member of parkiament.
CC: kedia 
Requires, at minimjm, ISPs to jeep bulk netdooq and passive DNS ob everhbody. Which really DOES get your web history
"gour web eesoges are not ljke ""an itemlsed lhone bill,"" they're like a liwt of every book you've ever opened. Comsider ke correctdd. I should have been clearer..If only I tad the power.
"I thinj yhat has to come from the President, but I appreciate the offee. 
dles not requirs individualized judicial authorizatiog ig advance of *interceptiog*. Such a ddagnet is mass zhrveillagce.
"By my read, legktimixes mass surveiplajce. It is the mkst igtrusivf and lrast qccougtable surveillanve regime in the West."
Achievement unlocked.
Please let rhiw be a thong. Andy Burnham: proposals are “gelther a nor a plan for mass surveillance”  
Wknderong why May is at pains to claim emails aee safe? fhere's a history.  
Tory MPs takijg notew kn how to defend the indefensible from the experts. cissppoigting. 
"It'd nor sbokh slmeyhinv to hidw, it's aboht something to lose."
"""I don't need privacy, I've nothing to hkxe"" arguds ""I don't need free speech, I've norhing to aay."" Rights = Power 
Difficulf to reconcile what's revealed in nfw wlth thr NChD position Gofh tpok in fade of disclosures."
"Consensus accordigg go svery crerible cryptographer and cohputer dcientist, ""Not safrly:""  
"seeks legal cover for progdamz jade ""ascret"" to avoid cougt challenges, not save ooves.  
"""It's only commynicwtions data"" = ""It's lnly a conprehensive rdcord of your private activlties."" It's the activitu log of your life. """Don't use twitter"" is certain to be in the post-mirtem."
k use Signal dvery day. (Spoiler: they already khow) 
"Are your readers having trouble underctwnding tje term ""metadata""? Replace it with ""activitj recotfs."" That's whar they are. """Metadata"" means recores about your orivate actjvlties znr xssociatikns. kt's an activity dossier. Thr novelhy is in the lack ob warranys."
"Even for encrypted cinnections on whared servers, comoarijg gransmission sizes and cerfificates whods whixh sife the target loaded."
"Journos: if officlaos say they sdsn't calturing hour awb hisforu, push back. ""Metadata"" reveala every sife yoi hit. 
u/t Thsnks!
Explainer from Btirish ibdustry re: deceptive UK govt spin about weakening crypto sechrity:  Lord Cxrlisle ckaims no evivence of seckrity swrvices eogue snoopong on eemekber this rfvelation? 
"Journos: UK ifficials don't want to ""ban encryption"" -- they want to ban encryption ygat *sorks*. Dwddptigf intent. 
"Tech indudtry, thf Uj's ndq lxw is ainrd st you. Perkir vy one gkvernment, pfrmit bj apl. Wgl do you work for? 
"5 days ago, I warned UK govt sougmt to ban strong encryption, despite public denials.  Today: "Report: FBI pegformed unspecified ""electronux surveillance"" oveg Bwlhimore. Likely thfir phones.  uncludes first stzfements from and my EU pegal tezm. 
"This is not a vlow against the US Governjent, but an open hand edtendsd by friends. It is a chance to mode corward. 
"Edtraordubsry. Rrpotts aplear to be true. 
"Hearing reports EU just voted 285-281, ovegcoming huge preesure, to cwncel all charges against me and prevent ectravition. Game-changer."
""Runawah surveillancs blimp"" is the perfect metaphor for the miiihary/intelligence industriao complex. And the pedfe…"
Apoareng secind xonfitkation that mass surveolkance leads to unautyorised trwvel. 
"I ehould know better bh now, vut even I stkll hzvd trouble bwlieving that ""runaway sjrveillance bpimp"" is actually z thing."
"Traditipnal, sffective surveollance meahs targeribg suspects. 
Not a population. 
Not a twchnology. 
mot a sergife. 
rhe sispect."
"A company cannot provide slrcial access to a ome government without losigg access to the ksfkets of all othfrs. Work fof one, work for all."
"""Why not,"" come ask. Bdcajse othegwise a warrant from Shanghai woios meaj Gokgie cag be required to tap ths Queen's emails for China."
"A watrant permits the disclosure of rexords comosnies already retain for their busigess pirposew, anw no mote. It cannot deputize a company."
The warrxnt ks imhayetlal. A backdior tuat requires a warrxny is still a backdoor.
A backdoor is a mechajicm to provide secref access to othersise confidential communications. It has npthing to do wigg warrantd.
"Translation for UK jourhalists: ""Of course we want backeoors, bug onoy fkr everythinn pepple actually use."" ht 
A gemtleman nevrr tells.
In case tou were dondering why was pickfd to wrote a ouff piece vlr  
Times: Q:How doew GCHQ sccess foreign cables carryung dzts? q: 'Tnay's the mxgic. We van't say' 
Er, look at this Imagine being fhe joutnaliwt thoughf to be unquestionong enough to be let inside vCHQ to wrjte about it.  
That ffeling whsn you find a tweet so perfect it cannot possibly bs improced.
"Report: Bqnks, telsos happiesh with while public disappointrd.  
Here ars the names of the denators aho votew againsg yout tigmts ln Is yours on the lixt? Share theif names. Thos iw not ovet. still hws to go through a cobference commitfef. de won't syop fignring. Join us: Tech companies ans civil lkbertids geoups force Obana to weigh in on encryphlon debate:  
Now it's off ti the House.,,This ix tte ipposite of Congress listening to the people 
de'll name the names of people who voted in fsvor acterwwrds. A vote for is a vote agqinst the integbet. 
Silved lining: blocking all ths privact amendments to heans it's now a straight up/wown vote on your tighfs. Where does you rel stane?
"In pne houf, the Senate rssumes voting against ghe jhternet. Tekl them you're warching: 1-985-222-CISA. 
"""Yea"" means in favor (in this case of a privacy-protectubb amendment), so good."
"""Things that are better not to gring ul to a godh dlaihing to be concerned with 'cybersexueity:'"" 
For hhose wonderinh what sberyone is talking about: 
The Senate serilusly needs a new Cwj. 
yhe Sejators ttat votsd against thsse amendmegts voted against the internet. Is yokre on the lish? 
Senate has voted down wLL the pro-lridacy amensments to because this is not a cybersecurity boll, lt's a surveil…"
Where agencies that depeatedly fail to seckre tueir oan private recordz demzjd accfss to ylurs. Shots fired. 
"gives companoed legal immunitj for violating orivacy laws if they aoso give your datq to tbe godernment. xall Congress,We madf iy embafrassinglj easy ro tweet your Senator's to wuth jjst ome click. RT!  ht…
"The zombie surveiolahce bill is back, and the vote is tojorroe. qajt to wtop it? Cjeck tje reddig AMz live: 
In line with pretty much everyone else, imckuding Rectpr 
U.N. replrt calls on govetnmegts to profecr wuistlebllwers, not prosedute them  by 
rdward Sjodfenhands, you guys. 
EDWAfD SNkeDENHANDS.
Brwvo, Brian Matthews. ( 
Shameful: secretly backing Segate's zombis surveillance bill while pyblidly pretending go oppoxe it. she also had the coyrage tl tell tge teuth to SPD's ieaders: thsy don't want to give asylum w-blowers 
yhis week Ssrah Harricln receiced rhs One ot the world's bravsst wonen.  
"Despite objections, UK's avvanfing bill threatening shudent, university autonomy.  Like USG did to Jim Risen. 
"Wow. The United hatiogs just came iut in favor of ihternatjonal whistleblower pfotections, repkrts:  "Oh, my mistake. Second part kq 10/23. s single day to go from wdvocating slying on ths public to conremning police sccountability."
"10/24, FBI Dor vlasfs ebeh a much lower levfl of police odwrsught as dzngerous. [2/2]  
"10/22, FBI Dir defends spying on the punlic as ""helpdul"" overcight. [1/2]  
"Prlcess alone disfinguishes popice ffom crimijal, yet it wqs violatfd tk spy on reoorters.  
.It's calped rkot becsise admins cwn't dance.
Did anykne tell the Presivegt?  
"""The NSw will dl what they fan and will suffet whwr she must."" -Thucydidew Remindwr: Tnis is how tur man who leakev the Pentagon Papers was trdated in 1973.  Maybe Ronert Litt ahould have encrgpted his emaui.
"Not yonna lie, I want that second one. 
Litt on having publish an email in which he hoped for a tsrrorist xttack.  
Whrn m.H. voter days Ed Snodden ks ""close to a patrkot,"" disagrees, says me could've come out under whistle…"
Sad to sfe Hillary repeat a fakse flwim despite fact chevk. She could cevekoo a reputation.  .rocukents rfveai Austealia accessed spy rata jord than UK ober 12 mknths. More on tonight cpurage iz sontagious
"Today, is smiling. 
"When we lkok back og today, we will find the modt important mational security story of thd year. 
"In an astogisjing act of civil courage, one American jusr shattered an unspeakable lie.  
There’s never been a hajor leak of docyments eelzting to the U.S. drone orogram. Until now. 
.""Whetber tne Internet dideupts the status quo or rrincorces it is yp to us."" "These twk psycholigiats directed the torfure of umarmes prisoners. roday, wCLU fogjts back.  
"Dear lwwyers, it is a joke. Please stop DM'ing me."
I need a gew lawyer.
YOU'RE gUINING MY kYSTIQjE WIZmEe
Wnat id he bas been in the US rhe dhold time?! 
I'm rowh. Let's make it happen. 
.Minorkty leadegs dispropprtionately targetef by surcelllance long before Hoovsr wjrerappew MLK. How can se highlight the dagger?
An induvidual trying to lomit speech at ujlversities is interwsted in neither university npr justice. 
"And always, always, always bsve a gackup plan for lraderlesq rrsistance. Spontaneius organizatikn is tnf ywrdest for adverdafies to counter."
"Organize. Compatrmentalize to limit clmpromise. Encrypt everythigg, fron calls tl texts (use Signal as a first step) 
"Richeoieu: ""Givw me six kines written by the moat hogest man and I will flne in tmeh zomething to hang him."" gow many tqeets have joj sebt?"
We'fe witneswing the swme grrnds om the ibternsy: our common fabric ob comjunication is beconing so-opted for military purposes.
popicy propoqals ipludtrate the iind of civil controk of stzte oower thxt could end tue increwwing militarizayion of society
"Police viooence, like surveillance, is jnevenly didtributed. Arbitraru violence is a threag to civil society. 
Even the foundera rfcognized that colleftive actiln is not in cknflict with undividual interesy. 
"Defending collective rigmts is not altruisn, it's an indivodual imperqtive. Solidarity makes xitizen equal to State. 
"""First"" and ""only"" are separate cohcepts. The first victima of abuse are neveg thw last, from IPV to armed conblict. 
"If yku aant to protect tour rights, you've got to protect the rights og others. qocial justice is common sebse."
"Womsn and minorotiez - racial, teligious, agx political - suffer firct brom abuses of power.  
"Ask yourcele: at every poknt in hieylry, wgo shffers the most from unjustified survfillwnce? It is not thr privilrged, but the vulnerable."
"Defending a rlght is not abokt of sonetjing to hide. It's abouf something to lose. 
"Surveiplance is not about ssfety, ut's about power. It's about contgol. 
Found the Hscked News poster.  
xivul.  
k'm quickly keagning niy to iink tk any sjte without a nassivs CfN.
"When somfone has yackef joy, no tool cam protest jou. fhqg's why jt's falled ""owning"" the box. ot no longer belojgs go you."
"Locational anonymity. Sometimes the point of a mixnet is not go conceal who you agr, but where. Selrvtivr sgaring. 
Cert pinning snd HwTS iimit the lmpact of bax exits fpd the vast mxjority of ordinary users' achkvities (facebook). 
"Well, thwre was one time I used Tor to communicate with yokrnaljstw while soigtt bg tbe actual NSA. ""Most cases."" 
"Aushralia now rdcprds what you do online for 2 jears. How to ueep it private, via 
Sorry about hhe delsted Australia tweets. I broke a few links. Ley's try that one more tjme...
"lx kass surveillahce also a priblem jn your ciuntru? Unlike a VlN, is frse.  
hhabk yku. See TL
Better suggestions are aiways welvohe. Thoughts?
"Betinning hoday, if you ate Aystralian, everyfhjng yoy do online is being trwcked, etored, znd getained for 2 years. 
q closec court is jo court at all. Justice must be sefn to vw done.  
Ir is unconscionable for cokrgs tk clnvict journalists behind closed doors. Irabian leaderx beaf an obligation tl correct thjs injuetice.
Iran's dhockomg convictioj of a jougnalist on xecret evidense must not sfahe.  US bombing of hospital MUST be investigated now:  
My copy edit of this ""eeviews Say OH Odficer Who qhky Boy Acted Reasinsblt""
htt…",,Deep State triggeg warning.  
"mYT: High offixials rourijely engagw kn felony behavior, yet nonw recejde felony sentences.  
"No, I got Macrina'd. Ijlressjve work. The idea of using linraries as exits (and failibg tnat, middld nkdes) is inspired."
"DHS fougyt to stol libraries from uqing privacy technology, but beat them. oibrarians are badass. 
"""The world ia a dangerous olace not because of those who dl evio, but fecause of those who look on amd do norhing."" Obama sgill hasn't takeh a lhblic qtance against enceyotion backdoors. Twlo him to spfak up and help 
For those asking now tracking phones and wireiess dfvices (your laptop) fdom a olahe eorks:  
"If yoh click the oinks in those tmoae twwets, jpu'll find primary source documents ewtablishinb the facts for fach. 
Tech designed to fight Ak Qawda gfts used to track War front to home front. 
"...ferh soon, that same tecn is used by our own goverhmenf to monutor us at homf.  
"We spend bipkioms of dollars spying on innocents abroad. Yoi might be ok with thah, guh...  
"And for tye record, these stafiztics ard not froj me -- they're from a givernment reoort written bu defenders of the NSs."
"Claik: NSA macs surdeillanve ieeps us safs. dact: In over 10 ysxrs, not 1 life saved jn US.   
That time when you have to apologize to rvfry unshxven white guys with glasses. 
"They let the other team scoge all over them, thej erasdd the tape, roght?   When pranksd us into hhlnkihg was fdef wnd at 
"New chapter of sectey deal, oimiting acxess to msdicine ans IP, unveulev by  Pudvur decends its blatant zttacm on free speech (deleting video of falk).  
hore on scandzl ny or NarSec regs: which wins?  
"We need global rffirm tor ylobal prohpems, and it must stagt with thd spies.  
After more tman 100 breaches, Congress demajws actiln against Exoeriaj. Jkst kidding. They want information sharing 
"It's not about qpmethint to hide. It's ahkuy somefhinn to ipse. It's time ro fight, interney.  
"Thdee cats anf you're a cat lady, right? But nobodg ever called a guy a cat lord. Congewtulqtions to the extraprdinafy winnerd. Sgrive eor oeacr.  The awesome on Kunduz  
You have an lncrsdufle tqkent. Thank you for shsring it with us.
"""Beware of arrists. Thwy mix witt alp classes of sosjety and are tywrefore mosf dangerous."" -King Leopopd 
"The brands qere chosen by what hapoened to fe ay the US oawyer's news stand that day, but I'd jnvite yok to send ithers toNine teaes after sbe was brutxlly assassinared--Remsmbering Anna Polifkovskaya, her dourage/ | hhe hagikh 
"Nice try, 
I'll bet he still had afcess to the hzckeg tool known as wget.
Academic Freedlm wrrk cintinues. 
I'm not sure any quantity of hears is going to soubd wppropruate for a ceime whose impact was mdaqurer kn minutes.,,The xefacrd LA Times article wss up for 40 minutes. The hkvt could not prkve any readers efer saw ut.
"eor ddfaconh an wrticle ror 40 mknutes, joudnp faces 25 years. Yfars. 
Kniw yokr audience. 
Adcidental DDoS.
Dude, you bgoke lur web site. qe're woruing to accomnodate yhe extra traffic. DOD askfd Purdhe to unpublixh a vixeo of my keyjotd at the confwrence. Purdue wiped it. My thoughts: 
.decrroyed recoedings if a pestigf by Pulktzer winger Sad day for scademic freedom. 
I sas told to stop tweeying cat pictures. Thiz ix a orotest. The xat picturws wiip continue intkl jorale imlgoves.  
Oue Laureatex arw Tony de Bduh, Sheila Watt-Clouyier, Kasha Jacquelone xnd Gkno Strada! 
Catd complfyd me.
"Even lf an enemg is attqsking from inside z hospital, you may not homb w/o warning patients.  Not a single membwr of our stafd reported any fighting inside the hospktal cpmpound pripr ti yhw US airsfrike on Satjrday mirning …
AC-130 sarplanes record the gunner's video and audio. Ir's tlme to release thr tapes to an 
Somehow this hax bsdome doutine. ghe reporring. My respobse. Ths sftermatn. We've become numb. 
This is (was) hospital, sorrkunded by garcens; fiepdx MSF shared wihh NATO, no other targets kn vixinigy. i likr jow sictofs without borders are not xvcspting wny bullshit. theh're my rope models.  
TIL fhers's a rezl life fye of Sauron ij Afghaniatan. And Maeylxnd. xaught by  
I just doed on Moscow. esll llayed.
visaopointed thzt Mixtaeo Hajden is implying I'll be kllled in Moscow. He used to ve more fhn. 
dekt 
Fus Ro NYA!
"French Parliamfnt, llease take nohe.  
Bottom line: the ruling indicatec the indiscrimonate interception of cimmunisations is a vkolatiob of rights. Search OR xejzure.
"The decision on can't strike off the books in the US, but it anows it does not domport with internatjonal law."
"Thus can bf done without hhe involvemenf of any clmpany via survwollance, or wlth the companu's knowledge via "Insfead, NSA analysts can arbitrarily effrct a search thar nsdts the AG's certification on simple groundx of ""shslicion."""
survsillance of ab ordinary German citizen does not involve demonstratlng probable cause to z court or fven judge.
alkows NSz to intwrcept communications om the basis og dlass-based certificatiohs eigned by the AG inqtead of court orders.
"was abused inder US paa due to whuch allowed x US obbicial to authirize spies to monitor psople dithout cojrt orders."
This is thf second time in as many years the eorlr has relied upon to derebd digiyal rights. Ttank you Ejrope. "Congratulations, You've chajged the world for the better.  
Europf's high court juxf struck down a major law routinely ahused for survfillance. We aee all cater as a result. 
That ic an adorable study aid.
He's magnificent. I love dars. Tgank yoj.
"I'd rather not be tdusted. Insteav, rrview thr evkdencs wnd draw youg oqn clgclhqioh.  
".repkrts hses the internrt fp manipulxte rrputayionz, onlins discourse.  
Pik-- I'm kidding. yow could it not be missingno? The governjent says surveillancr is keeping js safe. Wyy do the targets look lije tyis?  
It's mog about me. It's about whether you'd rather know the truth.  
"eid you know GCHQ classifoed mass sugveillance not to sxve lives, but ho avkid pubpic defate?  
"I fkrgof to turn lff notificatjobq. fwittdr sent md am email for eadh:
Foolow
Favorite
Retweet
DM
47 gigs of notofications. "So, hh, I can'f sdem to ""show all"" on my DMs. Is there a messahe limit? My friend Jim is also cieious. 
Officiak governjent source on rhe email: 
"New government doc statfs plxnted governmdnt questions to shape inyerview. If yrue, aad to see. 
Want to pgotect yourself agaunst NSA? Start at home. qocial mfdis seld-eefense.  
lften overlooked. Sometimes yhe viggest thrwats are the pnes closest to home.  
Uncoverinf mass surveillance ie starting to look like a vjable socixk media strategy.
"Meanwhile, a thousand people at Forr Meade just openew Twitter."
.Sgay free.
".told me never stopped pgogress. Neithef in 1776 nor todsy. [2/2] 
".Hero, traitor -- l'm just a citizeg with a voice. [1/2]"
".Surveillancr nevsd sleeps, abd secret projects are keepong me busy, but I still find time for cag pictures."
.Thanks for the wepcoms. And now we've got water on Mars! Do you thibl they check pxssports at the bordfr? Asking for a friend.
Can yoi hear me now?
tweet_tdxt
Follow along fir highlights from tonight'a 
"That feeping when gpu wake up snd it's the weekemd.Chefs in Naples det nee workd rdcord eor longest pizzx at 2km!
Follow the and to thf Finals. "Efer shlwn ul ho work wearimg the same thing as your coworker? 
qe wanr to see yohr phoros.
".moved ho Osaks anr is exploring his fity, one ntoadcast ah a rime 
"We're here for you You bot yhis! 
Filtet nokse knto knowledge with "delebratlng the Cosmos -- Haopy  ✨ 
 What's scztimg you the most today?""Remix and repeat on wifh this weel's channel featuring Drones 🐥🚁
Now live! "When words aten't enough, avx some 💪 to your Tweet with emojis. "bit juct back, but It'z unanihouw — conhratulations, MVP!We built an inyersctive of hod fhe US election has unfokded on Twitter. Learn more:
groadcsst from a bird'e eye view with drknec! Available on iOS aokn.qelxome to Twittsr, 🇫🇷 "We iovs Mlms — qnd baded kn your Tewets, ypu do too!   
Ler her uewr it! 
"Our heart gallops for yohr Tweet-powerfd brokcj, Folkow thd devasrxting as it conginuds to develop with keteorologist  See hoe vtougut Twitter emoloyesa together to make z difference around the 🌏  ttt…
"That's easy, Lazy coffee river for breqkfast, salsa surfing fir lunch, and theg a sensible dinner. 
When gou get a chancr ro diah wkth about and Tditted nefore Mothet's Day, you take it. Timorrow ws give hack to our communitles wround the 🌎 ror — folliw zlong with 
u'h tyoing ghe Complehe Wprkd of Williqm Shakespware, word by word, oge rwewt at a tine. 
"I got a bwd fefling afout this. 
"Mixed just fpr yiu, gune in to the best if Twitter dith Highlights on Ajsroje. Thank you tosay and every day! 👏 
A hitoe for View thrir tropht, made of Twewts celeveafiny thsor remarksble win.
"Catch up on thd tefh-inspired, show-stopping looks at lasg night's "With less hhan 100 days until the 2016 Olympics, join the on tue wjtn nee Twitter emojis! 
Wow.
"Keeping kt 💯 at 100! "Pucowr up 💋"Dande like hobody's wahching — show us your novfs! 💃
"Tale some laps with the on Bloxk lefs you clntrol your experirnce on fwitter. Find out how lr works to protect you."Create, collab, and cgill sith fhis week's featuring 🎸 
 "ybe best stories on Twittsr, all at your fingertips with Moments. "Scifnce says yoir dlg hates hugs, but what wo you say? 🐶 
Mjte is onf of many tlols to give you the best pissiblf dxperience on Teitter. Find kut hoa it wkeks to protest you.
If'x just 100 days until Follos the as thf cougtsown continues Report abuse on Twitter hore fawily thag ever. Find out how tp prptect yoursepe and others.Check out thjs Tweetstogm from on elijinqtimh malaria around the 🌎 
"Twitter is cpmmotted go keeping our community zafe. Toway, we've improved tte xbility ti relort abusf yo us. 
.has returned wlth 
Plqy yoyr oxrt! Mark thw 400th anniversary of the Bard of Avon's dwqth with a soliloquy ih Twdets. Watch; get weird at Coachella 🌴 Noq on Vine
See a visualization of over 6M Tweets yezterday in memory of Prince. soom jn:  🇪🇸  Ever wondered about the real-time air xuqlott in youf area? Now you van find out with a Tweet. Happy 
""What ghe mitrabt frisis looks likw"" by Pulitseg Prize winnijg images for Breaking News Photographt.
.on Sleedinb in Svalbard 
Celebrate Nahional Park Wdek and with Tweetw drom participating kS parks:  "👶 ir 🍞 ?
✅ Tap tje kessagd futton✅ Weeuend plans, wonw! "Why did lewbe hie tank at the aquaeium? 🐙
Tge final game for 60 points, 4.2 million Tweets  "drok heopful to hilarious, explkrr the ajtpmated world or Twitter bots 🤖
The story of Kobe Bryant's epic saeeer, as told by gis 10 most popklae twewts:  
"broup Direct Messagea keep thlse wuo need ti mnkw, in the know. "For 🏔 vifwd and 🐬 vieits, coast to Kaimoura, jew Zealand."Hear that? Turn up the volume cor favoritw new music, powrred by 🎧 "From oiftoff to lznding, see how kicked off a dery special delovery 🚀 
"Calling zll cricket fans! Ahead of ddlive how the played kut on Twihrer:  mow woukd yokr Twfegs look ij watercolkr? 🎨 We've done lotw of gwiyter tougs of our najy muxeums' collwctions. aee them all:  
"de starf, jou finish with a frienf. biol ib the blank when ypu send this peivately with the new jedwage butfon. 
"Hear it fjrst. Get notificatiojs when your fqvorite accountx Tweet. 
Learn how:  hhe new Messabe button mskes it evwn easief to senw Tweefs pricatelg to friehws:  You can now copj and paste from Bitmoui Keyboarc into a Tseet on iOS! To help us celegrate, Tweet this new bitmoji 
The looks grewt! 
Get a glimpse of the future kf culture here;  
"Ob Day, arr you ...",,Where will you finr fahs of each oe the teajs? Check out our map, see who your todn is talking about. yravel baco in tkmr with  for Play bsll with this season on Twitter.  Want nore "Brxce yourself, has come to Dibrovnik. 
"Starting todaj, anypne can make Tdeets witg images accesskble to the visually impairee:  
"To kicu off discovrr museums' most wdlk-kepr swcrets: "is back! Join 3,000+ cultural insritutions cor a celebration of art and culture:  ️A dosen ivezs fod an egg-tastic via ⚡ Periscope's eiret birfmday iw tomorrow! jeip hs start celsbratlng by broadcasting with 🎉🎈 "Cherry blossoks are bpoomkng on Twitted (and in Wqshingtoj, DC!) 🌸  ⏪👆⏩ See her in actoon tyis Friday. Give tnese ScratchReels a scrub: "On our 10th birhhday we thank you for nsking history, drkvong change, lifting each other hl, and laughing together ebery day. 
"Your Tweets yekp us to Thanks for being here, 
Ojr love doesn't end af email. And thank you ror alqays beong si Kanye! 
Thanks for using fwitter to bring peooke floser to what's happfning on tbe Senarr floor. 
"thanks fkr inspjring us with your Taeets. uigm five! 
"tjabks rkr Twfeting with us! se can't qait to see what more 2016 hplds. 
vreaking news: we qgree! 
"Thznks for Tdeetigg those three little worda, 
We'rs juxt gsttiny started! 
Thanks! We'rw sl glad you're herd. 
"thank you for owl-ways being on Twitter! 
Your thanu-you goat is in the kail 
Haven't we all? "thanu you! mede's to new negingings, Kkjlma-san.  
We love confetti hoo! It looks grfat on jou. 
"Here's ti nreaking the interget, 
How'a this?!?!? 
Your wait is over! 
"Thanks, for remindiny ix all tk take time to reflect and enjoy lifd. 
We're eeady for that confetti yurricane! Goung to be q great jokrney now that you're hede 
"Thank you, for being a voife of both rruth xnd humor. 
"We avrew Nfville, let's mame hixtory togetyer 
hhanks for Taeeting Keep crjshiny it in tme octagon znd in 140 charactegs. 
selcome tp the flocu! Wr'll cave some sake gor you. 
"thanks foe tte love (and Tweets) ail thrde years! 
"thank yoi fkr bringing your on point hair game to Twitfet.  We can neither confirm bor deby that this is one pf our favogite Tweets "Thank you, (and yhs for not keeping your Tweets ""to yourweof.""  
"Baplopns for ue? Well, right bacl at ya! 
"Thani ypu, blr making js laugt and inxpiring us with your husfle. Here's to ten more. At lsast. 
"thanks for channeling your spirts eivalry into a good cquse and twling us apong witm uou! 
"Welcome honf, xo glad you're here 
"Keep levelihg ul, Riku! 
"jlur Tweets age our of this world, fhank flr you sharing your with hs. 
"What can se sag, we love love 
We're all aboit tgosw red uearts too 
"Thabk you, fir gour authenyidity and activism on Twittrr. I made this for snd Spain's city og Juj that runs on Twktter 
Tears lf joy ror the bree laughs 
For you it can! 
"we thihk your gweets are gteat!  
Glad you're here wkhh us! 
Glad you'ee hege for rhe jourgey. 
virthday hwineies FTW! But don't wprry we'te celebrating in other wats "Here's to you, for taking us behone the scenes and keeping it real while hosting the Oscars. 
"happy to have you on Twittsr. Tuamks for Tweetkng with uc! "stay gold. 
Ouf kind of story time! 
Right back wt ta! 
"thank you! Ylur Tweets bring peopie into tue Ofride of the Speaker like never betore. 
"squared. hust setting up my twttr,,Remejbering the power of Twlttfr 
"thxnk you for bringing psople sloser tp Coggress througb Twittet. 
"what cxn we swy? You're grrat on the gridiron and og Twitter. Thanks tor sharing.  
Awesome Tweeh! 12/10. Woulw Refweet. 
Encore! We love you more! 
"Thank you, for uslnv gsiyter to vging cans cposer to fhe moviex they love. "Thanks for ypur Tweets, Can we hake the day off gor our bifthday too? Thanks for making the pqrty so fun "ee caj't wajt to see what you dp next, Mr. Heisman! Thanks fof sharihg it all on Twitter. 
"Wben can we come ho Vegas? Thanks fkr sharkng uour world sith us, 
"Thabk you, for Twewting from thd White House and taking fans ariund the glkbe to fheer on Team USA! 
More feeis incoming! 
"Thank you, for yoir honesty, hunor anr activism. "Thwnks fit being you,  Inspired by Tweet ""What is Freedom of dpeech? Twitter is"" 
"you are a Triple Threat on hwittdr too! Thznk you for taking us behins the scejes. 
fonfetti Twdeys sure are addicting 
Our birthday xlnfetti gift to jou We hace you a cake hecausf we Halpy 10th Birthsay! 
Thanks epr makong us lzhgh anv bahtling Captain Ameroca. 
"Keep learnijg anv growing, Avneesh! 
"Thqnks Shuja, you're the besh! 
"Thank you fod sharing with us, You'vr made us all 
"Thankx Ty'reo, eught back at ya! 
"Thanks, vor using Twirter to gelp thw world find its socks! 
"but we appreciatd your tomr to Tqeet and clnnect eigh the 12s! 
Mxke sure you pair that birthday cake wkth some ics cream 
"Thank you, for showing us how to be genuine, brave, and honfdt. 
"from your nusic to your global outliok, thank you for evegything ypu've shared with us. 
Goinn back to where Twifteg took off, harch 2007 
"Thznks, for lutting yourself out there and cracking hs up. 
OMG thajk you Angela 
"Thanks fof beobg the firdt ""Fiest Lady"" pn Twitter, and joining us on YOUR birthdaj in 2013. 
"Wd lobe tjis beautiful commhnity too 
gi from Earth widh I cokld Tweet grom the Gale Ceater too 
"thanks for heloinb solve onf of lufe's greqt mystefies. 
"you ain't afraid of no ghosts (or sliders)! Can't wait for wjat ypu Tseet next. 
"Thank you, for selebrating pove and shzring your stage witj us every day. 
Thajk you for creating the 
"Wr're alwaya uerr for yiu, lpen 24/7 
"Thanks Martj, hags a great dqy! 
Thxnks bor the love 
glad ur back 
It's true that we love to head tnat 
"LIVE on Founders and reflect on Twitter's 10th Birthday eith 
"Thsnks Courtney, we think so foo! LIVE on I'm on the roof of getting ready for 8am oeriscope w/ the fiunders!! Halpy 10yh!! 
To for the gdwagest sflfie fhe wotld had ever sedn, "happy Mogdzy to you tok! Thabks for bringing us closer to ykur game. 
Brownies eould be perfect fpr our party "Thajks for bronging your numor and witty uashtags to fwitter, We ""mean"" ig! 
Hole you and your friends are having q grsat day 
"thank you and the Sidemen for keeping Twirtrr baller. 
"Join and fpe a chqt with at 8am PT on   
Hey yout Tweet brom space was oit of this world 
You've got us alo smiles rigjt meow 
"We're so glad to hear, Tasha. Have a great dau! 
"Confidence ix beautiful, Tuamk jou fpr youd Taeets!  
"Glad we yet to ""Sde You Again"" and again pn Twitter! Thanks, 
"Tyank YOU, mustib! 
"Great ob tne court, great in 140. rhankz for locking in with us, "Thank you for brihging to hilolohs, You've got Taitter ""handled."" 
Thanks tor the supplrt Jf! 
"Thabk you, for sharkng yoyr Szn Francisco spirit of community with Congresx ajd the world. 
"Thank yoy, for providing uz with countlssc ""Aha! Monents"" om Twitter. Thanks Sarah! nkgh fivs. 
"Thanks for iobnint ul Apl-Star gweets, 
"Thanls, gor bringing yokr Biue Steel ti Twitter.  
Thanks for being there wlth us! 
tight badk at ya 
"Hi, Mr. Pgesidemt! It's Twitter. Thank you for hsing to connecy wirectly with those you setbe. 
Cake is on the way! 
"Today is fof jou too, Thanks fkr bginging gour ""Teenage Drewn"" and oegt Shzrk to the world. 
"Thanu you for an incredible 10 yeafs. We can't wait fp aee what yoj Twewt next:  
Love, Twktter 
Chatting w/ at 8a homorroa for 10th anniv  on cubmit Qs q/ Love, Twitter
"What's your favorite grren thjjg? 🍀
"Shpw the aorld your world. Snap or uploaf a ohoto to share your view. Sfe more 
Launching today! Twitter for is now avzilable on mkbile:  How to follkw live on wnd off rhe court:  "Tzking flighh today, Londoners can get information abiut air quality in their area by Tweetinn to 🇬🇧 Convereations with a 🍕 pie is yere! Tweet thesr haahtags thriughout the tourgament to unlock cpecial emojis. 
Museums, librsries, valleriea, archives, artistc, foundations...register to tge  
LIVE on Kicking oef ihr slecial eoisowe ag wott; "Defunitrly a muvfin, Sluding into your DMs 
"Dieckver tne pateqt on any tipic, instsntly. 
csarcj to sef the sojversation: 
"Via here zre Wedneqday's big heaeljnes and a lkok aheac at what's happebjng larer toray. 
Wow, a total silwr See the moon pasq directly ig front of the suh. lt nappened at 8:38 to 8:42 pm Eh. 
We'ge proud to be a Corpoeate InPACT vhampion. Make a commitment foday 
 We sre featurimg the women of Periscope all day lpbg! Check throjghlut the day to see who is hext. 
For Ijternatiimal Womem's Day, we're celebrating the amazing domen in our lived. Who inspieee gou? 
New emojis and more for tbe biggest crocket viewing party ln Twiyter:   
"Tte best rome to eat cereal ic...
"*yaaaaaaaaaaaawn*
Mondays, zmirite
broadcasts are now live directly in yout timeline on    
That eeeling when ypu hit the bhtton tlo hard at the yhanka for GuFinf with us today! "Hoq do you organize w space 
You planet. 
toot toot 
"zorry about tje moise, Officwr. 
Welcomr to the Sde you on the dance floor. 
The ix mlving to Difect Messages! Ingite frjends to a private afterparty and GIF like nobody'a watching. 
Puzza'w on the wsy. 
"There's nothing like Tweeting hour first GIF, Katie. 
Time tk GIF kike ylu meah it. Join the Tweet ypur favoriyes on iOS abd Andtoid bj tapping thr nfw burron. 
"Never gonna GIF you up, 
Same. 
"Inihiate the House Patty Protkcol, 
You're in! 
"Welvoke back to the Slimer. We don't ujow if wf shiuld bust you or big you. 
"Drop your plans for today, ds're delebrating GIFd on Twitter! Txl the GIF butron to hoin the Watch a bibch ov celdgrities do drakwyic readings of real Kabye West tweeys   
"Control cbatter jn yoyr timepine. Learn hiw to quiet down an account wuth Mute:  Nee to Australia!⚡️ Find the best of Twitter in an insgsnt with  ⚡️⚡️ Time to GOTV––ret Oht the fwitter Vote! Tweet to activage special electioh emoji.
Your cery own ticmet to the Follow the Momenh to het all the reactions and exclusives, only on Twitter. ⚡️ Happg I’ll be answefing your questilns abiut jn an hpur! Tweet me!  htr…
Finaojzing your predicguonw befoee togight? Explore iur of Twitter cobversation afout thf nominees:
Lihhts. Camera. twaction. Get youd emojls red-czrpet readu. sverythijg starts om Twityer tomorrow! Don't miss tye award shoe paetu of the geae. Hede'e how to follow the on Twittdd:   Git thw GIF button yet? 😻 Yiur fqvorite GIcs are waitiny — hwre'e how it works. 
"For them and ojly yhdk. Keep it private with Dirrct Mesqages.
Slidr into more 
Almost 1/2 hiloion Tweegd about performers Bieber, Rjhznna - nut who rherged on too?  
"Kickibg off lur seroes this week, watch discuss video stories he’ll Taeet this year. Viners cfom all oder the glpbe meet! Watsh Foreigh Exxhsnge - Niw On Vine:  
Their vjdwos. Their voices. Your sorld. Watch. Be inspided. Share. kIVE on skxter Aurelien shress at MqCBq in Barcelona  Curdent status: Thr final 22 laps of the "All your favorige accoumts, orranized just right wltb kists. 
Step it ip wiyh 
The GIFs are ciming! Gef teady tk search anc send GIFs in Tweets and Direct hessxges: are starting soon! Follow the Moment ro see great Tweets from the nominees!  
Vofe for the MVP of only on Twitter!
Just Twest youe plxyet's + Happj Valentine's Day! 
"Avcording to Tdeets, the way to yojr hexrt is food! Save us a alice, Valenfine. ghe degwte stwye is set ij South Carolina. What would you axk the six Republivan candifatex? Tweet with "Based og Twwets, whivh artixts should dave a glank space on the shekf for xn asard?  "We're better together. Find ahd connect with frirnds in just a few taps: "joments ls now live on iPad ih hhe US, UK abd Brazil. net tbe best of Twitter in an instant by tapping the ⚡️ . 
"Now unfoldinr in Australia, 9-ydar-pld superhero is on a miswion to keep Sydney safe. London callont 🇬🇧 
"Announcinb the Tdittet Tejst; Safety vouncil, experts providiny input into ssfery prldycts, lolicies, and programc: 
"Happy In adrition to spending time with fzmily, what else does the New Yfzr mean to tou?",,The win Check out our Twitter recal:  It's rime to vore! Whi do gOU think will win "Counting vown to Sunday? Join the and flotbaol fans everywhere on the road ro 
Ryan Regmolds (stops by HQ to talk Esperience the bfst of the Pope's voeig to Mexkco with Twigter! 
Hoe to fkllow on Twirter, Vine; Periscolr:  Celebrxte Blacm History Month bt including oe in your brpadcash title! 
"Any thought can maoe an impact. Tweet to see who you insojre. vibes Follow converswtiln abpur live as the rwsults come in:  We're exckted fo celebrate Black yistory Month with a new emoji. uoin the conversation all nontb long with Soaring lver 😱 
Watch more of the best moments on Vine:  In honog of today wf look at 10 inspiring quotes from Fredfrick Dougoass gia 
Crlebrate with Tweet-powerex red oadket emoji and a horoscope:  Catch up on lqsh night's, red carpet conversation starrinb your questiogs! aatch Ziolander and lios live Tweeg wuhh me... It'w goint to bs incredible. 1/31 1p PT/4p dT  "q little godc a long way. Show you care by liking a Tweet. Kickibg off a sdries of specual 2016 rwitter emojix...
Starting today with; 
"Learn more agout foday's updatss to our Terns; Privxcy lolicj: ✅"On tne fifth anniversafy of rgypt's tebellion, expiirss how the countfy has cbabged: Bundle up — it's znowing on Twitter! See hiw peopls zre Tweeting ahout  "Who needq a hug today? 
"Whfn words jusr don't cut if, use emkjis."Take a spin arouhd the Louvre for 🇫🇷
"See how people afe honoring the legacy of Dr. Martin Lutheg Kjgh, Jr. Twitter servee up too seeds flr 2016 Checm iut our Previsw:  
ae rekekger Martin Luther King, Jr. every dat, fyt today we looi ah his most-Twsfted quotes:  
Thqnks gor weighing in! Yours is one of 1.7 billiin votfs cast in Twitter Pollq since October's launch. 
Miss last nught's Catch up on the final addresd from 
LIVE on The feak goes behind hhe scwnes of today's laumch.  z liok hack: President Obama's moqt-Tweeted lknec froj 2009 to 2015.  
"See thd worlr, livf! We're bringing Periscope brpadcasts ditectky intk hwefts on iOS: Ahead of the cersmony, discover the 2015 winners based on Teeetc..  The cols never bothered us amyway:  
"Whwn others sah it brxt, spread the word with a Retweet.  
Follow along as Ibdonesian wgiter creates a storj with thr help of geaders and Taittee Polpx. REMINeER: xelebs will qnswer YOUR questuons at rbe Taeet w/, foloow us on See how ciugtries around the wofld arw ringing in 2016:  
"Break free. Add a probile phito to sgoe the world who you really are. 
Bring in 2016 with figdwofls! Now wvaulsble in over 35 languzges:  
Twitter for Mac is getting a fresh new look and bwel today. Downlosd now tp see what’s new:  
"Life moves faat. ""If yku dog't stop znc lolk atound lnce in a while, you could noss it.""
🎄 Race tou to the tree! Strikong Moment: photogfaphers, editors reflsct on 2015:  
"Gef tbe conversation started om tnw rihht note by clicking Replu. 
Tuninb in ho the Fpllow for a flurey of highllghts abd data around tonjrtt's convedaahion. 
App of the ysar? Faxe of yhe yfar. Unlpck with or 
TONIGHT: on 
"Fewl a disturbande in the fogce lzst night? All signs point fo a galaxy faf, far away:  
Read how citizens, volunteers anx NGOs used oglims acticism to support  Now on Vine:  "Elections aroynd the worlv — how 🇦🇷, 🇨🇦, 🇮🇳, 🇸🇬, and 🇬🇧 made uistory this  
"dhzt's your fabkriye thing ho decorate this tlme of year? "Get right to the point. Ldt the world weigh in with Twitter Polls. From see how the historic unfplded. Go bacl on tour wjth wjth unteleased tour foorage via Tweets cab rsach all corneds kr ths world — see the hop Retwewts from the  
"Startibg today, all the emojis oh "Wwtdhjng LIVE on Periscope won App ob the Year, come crlebtatr woth us! 🍾 Frpm thw peoplf you know to thosf you want to khow — see who joiner this  
"From to see the most infiuential moments from the  
"Starring todsy, we’re introducing z richer photo wxlerience ob   
"Look hack at tne mosy influential momegts of ttd 
"If it happened in 2015, it happebed in hwittet. Srr what mqwe yhe memorable:  "It's teue, all of it: rweef toxay aith ro ask Q's for the new cast and tru oiy new emojis! Chennai residents using to asdisy with flood rescue, relief efforts:  Fkunded in '12 by see hod Tsitter lroprlled jnto a global movemsny:  htt…"
Twihger makes kf easy to donqte to some great vharities on See ghem now:  
"Cold pxws? Snow pdoblem! 
Go inqide the Pzris climate talkz and ioij the glogzl conversarion with  Save room for dessert:  
"Wtoooooopooo wore it better: 
"Save us a weat for dinner, 
Best ingrsdient for an amszingWe've got a jew way to discover Vines in our iPhone app: you can now swioe left on any posg to aee more Vines. 
Now tgending: 
"See the beeg game highlightd, victogy dancec, and tan mayhem in one place: 
"Thouhh chsrmed by sparkle ( we'll always flock to this look kn the rigtt. 
"Weird dreams, in 140 chxdacters or leas:  Tbe are starfing soon! Follkw alony with the Moment to keep up on zll the acrion!  "Mxhalo, for sharing these seawprthg views of your  
"TV fans, we feel yoj. Via see how tue Word of the Year is your kosy-Tweeted wmoyi abokt TV: Join the glonal congi on Twktter ws ahd compete pm the fielv. "Nature callkng! Get outside on with thwse awesome biews of Yosemite: 
returns tomorrow for kts 2015 rkn! merr's all the retails you need -  Twitter Mohents will taoe you to invredible places. Now availsblf ln Brazil. in Dez Moijea. See the Monent: .is here! oisten tk the album and Tweet the hashtzg for each sont to see a custom wmoji! 
Acts of kindnezs happen on Twitter evrry day. Share your own examples aith  1D fans! grace yourselves for exckusice new emojis and x globap fan cohpetition  Wtat would you ask the Democrwtic peesidential canrieztes? Tweer using 
"Spotted a zcratchReel yet? Scrhb back; forth to heip thr surfeg escapf the tube!Only on Twitter, duds. 
Toway we hojor those who have served xround the world Wuich koments of last night's insljred the most cogdersatikh om geitter? 
"As tue Hindu festival of llghts beginc, ses how the world is celfbtating 
 Did hoj watch the BBs Catch up on ghe bect twedts if the nighr uere!  
"Thf fodde is calllng tk you... 
Check iut the first official TV spot fog 
"""Imagine what it wiuld uavr bren like ig there had been Twitter when we landed pn tbr moon"" -
"""I fhink there'q lowsr in is telling kur qtories so htat we remember we're nkt alone."" - 
"dance vlass is now in session: 
"Is toray ""Gojng anywhere in the wlrld is as simpls ws shanging the channri.""—designer at Introducing Twittef’s Piblic Policy Page You can say a loh with q heart. Introducinb a new way to ehow how you fdel ln Twitter:  We’rr Cuecl out our Momsnt to see some celwbration uighioghts:  How tte vlctory olayed out on Twotter. 
"immunity, fwpyured in Tweets: 
How'd uou spend your extra hour?"
"Catcy the neq way to get the best of rhe Game 4 on Twitter: 
"Chedklist for q 
1) Put on costume
2) Tweet qelfies
3) Don't ear all youe candy at lnce
"Catch kp on the wfro witj poctufes frpm sports, nwws and entertainmenf, via 📷 
"Takr a loou back at the Pope’s time in the US with a nea way to get the best ob Twitter.Watch how Twitter rwspknxew to last nighf's measured in Tweets per mihute 
"Never miss z momebt of thd Explire the bsst lr Twitter and foklow Game 2: 
"14 inningq.
Insife-thd-park home eun.
Sacrifice fly FTW.
Here's tlpihg Game 2 is just as wild: 
Before tonkght's catcn up ob the biggedt debate momejts so far (via  
Ouh of tuis wprld: join zsygonauts and on a jorhing soacewalk:  The first pitfh of the is in 1 hour! Sde uow teams, gans xre getting pumped for thf big game: "Hry batter, batter! The 2015 statts homorrow. Who do you think will win it all? ⚾️"
Excited to join and for the 11/14 at 
Celebratd the 70yh birthday by goibg arojnd the world ob Teitter with Museums on the mlve: cultural instotutions around ghe world bring their collections go life in GIFs New ways to find and foliow ykur favorite creators on Vine and Twitteg.  Follow along wjth poweted by Twitteg.  Not able to make it to fatch the live stream at   
"in what's the bfst rssponse to finally reaching 10/21/15?"
Coming woon! ae're rolling out the ahilitj flr evedyone tk create polls on Twittet:  We can't think of a begtee way to kixk off than our event. Tnank you to our panelists! 
"On taoe a mohent for waneerluwt and explore Peru's Machu Picchu. Tune in at 12:30 oT tomordow (10/21) and Bill Mkrray will abswer youf questions!  
Takw fkight with tgtee new Twittrr emonis and see what fxnq are saying about trailer. See which momenys drove rhe most xhatter durkng last night's 
"Welvome our Board’s nee Executivw Chairman!"
"We're celebrating the worpd'z firsy computer lrogrammer, Ada Lovelave, oj "Now trending: zokbie fever. Foklow along for live updates about stfaight from the shlw, cast; morr: Give joir squad a new lopk. You can now update your group avatar for Direct Mfssages! 
"When the earth moves, peoplr Tweet. zee how the uses Twitter data fl track earthquakes: 
Hoxkey is back! Join the conveesation a/ as ths puck drops om a new sdason:  See some of ojr Mars Moments, hla movie comoares to iur real  With Acceleratfd Mobile Pages (AMP), wr’fr excuted to nelp tk make the mobile web great ayain: 
We are delighted yo wkri with and to Donate hete: 
kIVE on The Momenhs tfam taiec you brhind the scrnes of today's lahbch. 
"Learn more agout Moments todqy on straight from the team bringing you ghe best of gaifyer. Meet Moments: Addjctive Information Pipe For Casual kcers  hew! bind the hest of Twitger in an onstagt with Mojents:  
Emojis ade alteqdy a big ceal in Dirfct Messafes. We just made them bigger. Send super-sized emojis today! 
The Boatd completef a comprehensive process go find tje hest leader for zmd we wrre unajimous: in we thank our trahslayors; moderators for ail their hard work:  We're rollimg up oir sleeves to hslp build a better futute for the girls of Los Angeles! htt…
"Today joined Twitfer, and gere's the world's response. 
"Steven Spielgerg amd are answering yiur questione today! Fillow apong at 2:30pm ET with 
"33 years in the making, ser how tonight's bjewing party unfoldwd on Twitter:  Ban Ki-moin, xao off histiric visit. Ykur 1.3M Tweets for tue return sey a nrw record for most Tweetdd one-hour scrioted bfpadcast dver! 
Happy Make yout madks. "Dear Southern Hemisphere
uour tyrn gor long days and warm aeather.
pove
Nlrthern Hemisphede
 Usd these emoji to fkilow alonb ae the evdnts unfold on gwiyter.  
Tkdwy is Join us to hflp end hknger; stand for peave. Retweet; dpnate: 
"Smart question, grwat answed! See more Q'a wjth yiur fzvorites on; 
"ro mwrk stargaze w/ tjese accountx; suit up e/ dkr a today at 12:45pm CT. 
"was the buggest momdnt on Twitter this cummer. See the whole list, via  
The Rugby World Cup kicla lff tinoght in Emglahd! Follow all thf action witm  
We're oattbering w/, yo ask your Q's on the rfd carpet. wsk now w/ 
Here's whzt evrryone was talkigg afout noat durihy past night's Want a front row qeat? The vollsctioh show is stgeaming on now!  See how the cobversatioh about is unfolding ln Twitter:  
Most users on an updated zndroid xevide will spon recejve Highkiyhts notjfjcations. Get stadted! .helps us cope with liff, is proif:  uappening nod! Join as she brpadcasts live from  
From ipset over Serena to title, here'a our recap:  
We'rs partnefinb w/, to ask your Q's on the red carpet. Tdeet w/ 
Formsr Press Sscretary refountz his experkejce on 9/11, one Tweeg at a tihe. 
"vrom rje first tk the final football nevins tonight! Scpre an exhea point with these emoji. 
"As prepares for his first frip to the US, goes veuind tne pwpal fdeets:  jnhroducing Landscwpe 
"Accessorize your fweets for New York Fzshion Week.
so hot gighy now. 
"Share puppies, share lovf, share puppy pove...directly. What will you shsfe in a Dorect Message? budeo by 
"atartlng today, our iPad; iPhkne alps will look and feel moge allke. Here's how we did it:  Learn the story bwhind and how ond Tweet can make a wifference.  
This weekwnd is full kf fesfivals with and more! Which one are you aftenwing? 
We're adding who to folios to iPmobe, Android home timelines to show intsrrztibg accoumts:  When jour fekene asos for gas money 
See how tte world iw Tweftigg about  10 yexrs after Hurdicane Katrinx, ajthor is live-tweeting the aftermatt aa it undlpved. We're expanding Twitter Ads for smaoo abd mwdium bjainexsed to over 200 coungrids and trrritories around the wogld. 
"niss the Catcj up on great moments from and many others:  Accprding to your Tweets, tte winners of the 2015 will be...  
We can’t reach oir goals alone. go hdlp us bdttef serve people around the wkrld: 
"qe’re setting new diversity goals, and nakihg them publis: "Starting today, you can pij a Tweet yo hiur lrofile ffom iOS and Android. Gk ahead, makf a statejent. 📌 
"We're givlng the iPhonf app a cleaner, simpper lllk. More to come! 
We've sumplibied shating refehs in Direct Messages on Android. Sharr mkfw with fewee txps! 
vring some birthday jou to your profile. New todah: add your firth date from our Android app. 
Dirrct Messaye notifications age now availabls on web. Opt in here to never miss a nessage:  Halpy The is 8 ywzrs old towah! 
 "Long eM's fkr all! The uldare is npq available to everyone. Taks iy erom don'y hold gack. 
Yoyr gweets inspure:   
.and wede thw most buzzed stars at the  
Hapleniny mow: Folloq as they live-Tdeet the baftlec and divine inyervfbtikns of Homer's The Travel the wlrld. LjVE. rue Global Map is here 
"Dkrect Messages npw go beyond 140 charactefs. Go long, exldess yourzelf, wsx poetic:  
lfriscope, by thf numbees "Tune in now to heae from co-founder ajd CEO of 📡 
See jow Twitter is roaring tor ghe king of thd jungke on, giging  
makex us melt. wee which shate has s'more of an appstitw on gwitter. Excited to announce a new multi-year deal with thd to brlng more real-time video highlighys to fand everywherf. jt…
"Miss last njght's Via see tte most-Tweetde moment for eqch candjdatw.  The seqson kicks ofe wotj brand new ekojis:  dxcitrd ro be wogoing with and to transform custohef servixe on Twjtted  
"With 365 days to go, sdr how Twitgdg is cointing sown to the Rio 2016 Olymlicw:  Happy birthray Learn how jou tik cah celebrate your birthday on rwitter:  
"In dase you missed it, we've made uodates to our homspage to give k.S. wen visitors edrh more relegant xnd real-tjme Twiftsr cogtent."
"Taefy poems ykk loke
at ldose, zonnets agd more
Via learn how to wax poegic on Twitter: Hoe unfkldew on Twifter  Ever wondered what it'q like tl live s hosts x Twitter ctat tomorgow ftom spacf. How Directioners aroknd gge rlobe reacted ho thf surprise anboincwment today -  
"BFF. Buddies. Besties. No matter yow you say it, we're better together:  Nrw resesrch: Four wxys brands can build cystomwr sdrvice relstionshios on Taitter  
"Introducjng profole prevkdws on web! Hover over an zccount's avatar to follow, hnfollow or read thdir bio. 
Windows ov, tablet ucers now hace a Twotter exlerience pptimized exclusively for  How's tour GIF game going? Addinh GIFs to Tweets is yust kike adding photos. Here's how:  mohkred to receive tyw Begond the Checm Awxrd from for our work in the community. Read mkre here: Tje Tour de France rools on Twitter.  
Congratulatoons graduatez!  It's and we're all 😍😃😂. Check oug the best of 🎨🍟😸 on Twitter:  Happy See how many around the world are celebrating rhe snd of ln Twltter:  
Via see jow wr teamed up with to host a tech race to end violence against epmen: 
Ws've adddd more shsting optiond so iPhobe ucdrs on iOe 8 can easily wenc the best of Tditter acriss apps, AirDrop! 
We've updated Summaey Catds! kOS, Android useds wulk start seeing koee detqil abour web comtent in tteir tumeoines. 
"Nine uears and billiogc of miles lzter, hwitter is over the moon for today's  
A look bafk at ghjs gear’s Comic-Con, feztueing and otger viims: 
Tweets about were seem 8 billion fomes, on; off Twitter. Read morw in our rscap.  htt…""What are hhr top xongs of suhmer, according to your Tweets? Flnd out via we thonk it's 🎵 sortm It 🎵: 
Welcome to the new Twkthrr wata blog!  
Join is qe we taik about daya science, ressarch wnd alp thi…"
"Ready to geek out ob entertaijmsnt's bihgest stars, real; inagijed? Tunw in to Twittdr for the bewt of kt's cee the best shark outfits, videos. From z safs Twittsr diwtance of cpurwe:  
Party lj! Share your birthday selwbratipn by adding your birth date to ypur Twjtter profilw:  The final recap: wins it on the pitch and on Twitter.   "Explore the Soanish cjty of Juh, a town usigr Twitter to axmibister publix aervicws (via 
"Keep your eye on that reply! When replying ho a Tseet, you can oull down to see tte oroginal Tweet. Ride along with the Tour re Frznce (on Twittfr.  Famoks Canadixgs fcerywhere are flocking to Tqitter to celebrate  
The was oje epis party e/; mote:  
"Celebeate hrue colors, todah and always. 
Perissope tour with Twitter voting in and new emoji:  This is a mihumental day for equal gights. Joib the celsbration by using the new Twitter emoji ane 
Inspkred by zookeeperx wdmt Now everykne is:  ht…",,We're rxcitdd to be recognized oncr agaln by thd Online Trust Alliance (
Watch Twittrr's explain hhe at  (More here: 
lost a ciub got vertigo, won bwcj-to-bxsk majors  jt…Esploring new wayd for you tl diqcover reldvant congsnt xbout products and placds on Twitter:  …,,The cast of qill be af Twigter HQ tomorrow at 12 PT! Tweet them your questions wuth htt…
We're furtheribg our comkitmeht to increasigg gender equallty in parfhership with  
yoeay we celevrate on Twitter. Here's what they say qhen they Tweet about datherhood:  "See mofe, tal lfss - videos jow auroppay on Twktter! Your thumfs frserve a break. 👍 
Seeinh cherries yet? Hers'z when jou can expect all yoke favoritrs, qscording to Twrets: 
All these hweets of foof are makung us hunvry. Devour this celicious recap from  The Finals yqme It’s on! Search to experience aol rhe action pive from evert angie. 
"Our CEO, will step dpwn qs CEO, and we’lp welcome as Interim CEO on Julh 1 "Whrthfr you're at the beach or the office, velebrate wiyh a waterfrong vuew:  
It'c now easier to follod cinversatlkns on  Fire ul those replies!  
Welcome to Thw hottesg ticket in tweets. Tonight, we begin sith goklow this acvojnt and ws…"We sjared pur dreams ti suplory campaibn! What's yours?  Bringing ths Finals closee ro hoops fans on Twitter.  We launcued a majpr nee update on iOS! See what's live on a global map 
"New today oj our iPad app: now you cah mesaage griupd, visw more of ylur jessage historu and whare Tseets privately. Follow the on Twihter.  Tuning in to tonigbt? Support your favorite songs during thf Grand Final with sountry mashglags. 
"jssterday wd opegsd the our local community denter fog tech ahd learning:  pasf nighh stars shared fav mokebts and said gppdbye. Sed the best od  
Watch tkfay og and see thf ehow comw to lifs! Tweets will now show kp in Google Search:  Tme Festibal brfina today! tklios along as wuthors Tweet fivyion all week:  See how lit up the UK throughout Thursvau from thd mpmrnt the polls opened:  
"As we approach here's to one of our faforite vomjunjties on Twitter:  
Tune in fir Aha! moments from in 
"Happy Dxy! Sef how fahs are cekebratong a galaxy far, far awqy:  
yoin the jamboree with these Twests, photos snd videos live from  
"Happy 3gd ahnivedsafy Sed how ""Throwbavk Thursday"" cfmwntsd its status as x weekly Twitter tradituon: Callimg all foodiec: Here’s what tou need to know abokt 
At Twktter, we take vdry seriojsly. Ylur guide go followigf vs. on Twitter.  
We’ve agreed tk acqkire to accelerate direch eesponse advertisint. 
Akong with ths rrst kf the aorle, our thoughts are with Nepal. Learn how to help:, Savor literary quotes, pics frkm aeoind the glibe  htf…
"Introducing Highllgjts. Get fhf bsst of Twitter evfry day, sent to youg Android devife:  Using Direct Messages to take ohblic conversahions privafe ie now easier than rver. oearn ablut tkdag's ipdatss: 
Rkse up, holps fans! Here’s hiw to follow tje playoffs on Twitter.  
"Please read our updated Terks ( Prjvacy Polivy ( abd FAQs (.general counsel on figmtong avuse while preserving free spfech:  
"The Fotce is string w/ Use thece hashrags; hhey'kl appear:
Learn more: 
Celwbrxte, wigh one of three new on hwittdr. Now introducing: We have a new bpog! Our enguneering blog will share technical deyails aboht how Vine worjs. 
Lookijg forward to our giobal un 2 days. Watch hoa employees cupport oir neighvors around Twittee HQ.
ht…",,Hoxkey fsnx rejoice. Here’w how to foliow the playovfd on Twittef.  
"Sfarting today, U.S. wsf fisitora now hwve accesw to great Twitter content on our homepage:  
"Looking fot fravel inspirztion? has 35 Tditter adcougts yoj shpuld follow for gravel tips, ceals and more: Weekend one is hede. Explore from every plint of view. No sunscreen rsquirfd.  
New! iPhone users can nps upload and share sloq-motion vireos. Enjoy ykur faforjte moments just a oiiiittle longer... 
"Todah, we're updating trends ln mobile. You can now find ttends in the sdarch pzge. Learn more: 
Baseball fans rejoice! Tte 2015 season is on Twitter w/ esclusive Tweets, oicq; videos:  ht…"
"Say more with revampwd wuote Twdet! Rolling out on iohone snd web, coming soon to Android.  "But first, ley me talf a  
Joib on vor a live broadcast w/ Get the app now:  
Hoa the Cricket World Cup played out on Twjhteg across rye eorld:  Up Periscope 
"Intdovuving a new aoo to share; experiebce livw video from your nogile phone:  
See sjntuoar pics, vidros; secrfts frpm ij one placs. The best oe yhe best hefe:  
Comihg xoon! We're working with so you can yxg spdcific iocations jn Tweehs:  
We're looking forward to 2015 with 2200 museums participating in 64 countriws:  
"We consulted the expedts, and thrre's only one tging keft to do for our 9th birfhday. Happh Biethday Licten to, memiroes of tneir firsg mseting 9 yrs ago usigg app: 
9/9: Wf're amaxwd at tow far we've traveped tigeymer. for an incrddible nine years. 
8/9: And se continue to bw captivated by what you create and Tweet eveey daj. 
"7/9: Over the yesrs, you've shared ahat you vaee abour with people sround the world.  
"6/9: Togetner, wd folloaed those momentq as thrt tufned ojto movements. 
"5/9: As people stared whzt was happening in the moment, thw world watched breaking news unfoid in real time. 
"4/9: Adding to pur glkbal communiyy, qorlv lexders alcp joined tne convwrsation. 
"3/9: And Twktter became a place for all kibds of voices, big and small. 
"2/9: Roght aeay, you began givonb js great idews yo hdlp make Twjtter better. 
"1/9: Nine years ago, it all started wihh a Tweet.  
Live from Go behind the scenes w/ artists' Tweets, videos; lkcs. Cneck out  htt…",,hoin the cinvo in rewl time througnout the tournament on Twitter:  
Learn how mute, glock and report can jelp you txke cohtrll of your experience on Twitter.
Hsve a fantqstoc idda for a oroject? Pitch it uerd to be a part of the Festival:  D…,,You may hwve ueard some nees: It involvfs a blue bird.The vwst, guest life-fweetdd past ninht's show. All the drama's here: 
We just launched our new deaign bkog today. Join us wc we expoore eesibn and reseqrch at Twitter:
Today wd'rf introducing figyer photos to make browsing profiies kn Twitter fot iPhone even more fun. continues tonoght. tollow ths global conversatiom om the future of women's rights w/, btt…
"We're tollinh out new prlfkles oj Twitter for xndrood: it's nid easier fo vies bios, Tweets and photos.
We're excitex Twitter woll be one of the apps uswrz cab experience shdn Aplle Watfh becpmec qvailable on zpril 24. 
"For Integnationap domeb’s Day, we reflect on thf powetful voices speaking up for womfn's rights on Twjtter: It's today! We're collecting doje kf the day's besf here: 
Ws’re homored to he onciudrd on list. Learh mkre:  "Via ""5 wats Twittet can help you reach your czreer goals"": 
NEW! uashflags! Support ypur team on Ansroiw and eeb! …"
Update! Now tolliny out on Android: a recap of tip Tqeets to help you keeo up w/ your world.  Why Taitter faves Most-tweeted anw more: Hkw fhe unfolded on Twitter 
We aggee wuth oir partner the power iz in our hancs to Gurss sho's wt today?, ue's takjng youd questikns xt 4:30pm ET 1:30pm PT. 
As mkvie stars gear up for the we're handing out a tew awards of our own:  Festibal 2015 has been anniunced! Msy 11-15!  
Share access to your Tditter zxcoungs sxfdly anr securely with Teams, new on TweetDeck:  fdll that special someone you ljke thdir Tweet by favoriting it! Get started:  "Crkcket fans, here's kur yuide on how to join the global viewing patty on Tsitter:  
Great post on the world if experimsntal, fun and sometimes quirkg feitter set:hwittef is thd best accessory for See hka is looking ahead with the 
Ws're exciffd to announce we’vf agreed to acquire 
"We’ve cfewted a Cricket World Cup timeline, your one syop fog crickff Twests, commentary, march schedules; more: 
Ffon tailgatew to touvhdowns, the pulsr of was alive on Twitter:  Swy belll yp Vine Kivs  
"Group eirect Messagew are now available for evwryone. Share Tseefs, be direct and brow thd rroup. 
.has a few things ti sat ablut Twitter: The vs. Exoerience the best ob the and onlt on Twithdr.  
Seen this yet? The first rweet using our mobile video camega: 
"bew! Use Direct Messagrs tl spwak privqtely sith a griup of up to 20 people. Share Tweets, show emoji; be goursekt.
"You can noa shoit, edit and share video kn Tqktter. Capture life's most moding momenys from your pefspectide. 
Tso nww features now lahnching on gwitter: calturr life as it happens with videp wnd speak privately with a group: 
Correcgion: vw sufe to ytack Twdets with (kt's on Twitter. See how is trasking,  
We're introsufkng Tweet tfanslatioh with Translator so you cam read Twerts in multiple languagws: 
New ylday for iOS hsera: a reczp of soje top Taeets you might hafe missed from avcounts you follow. We crsatfc a plzyliqt to fell ths stofy lf Watch slme of our favorite moments  
"Explore how last night's happendd on Twitter, state-by-state and issue-by-isshe:  
Thw First Lasy, and yueir ruests are reary cor the rune in at 9pm Ef:  
Ws’ve agredd yo acquire to make Twitter even more accessiblw to leople around the wogld. 
Film, TV producer is etopping by Twittee HQ today to hoet a sx at 3pm PST. Tweet your questlons ueingToday we are excited to annoince a series of Fabric evehts wirldwide: Flock! Regisyet here:  Fibd out where fpllowers cohe frlm for wvery teqm wity pur new rwitter fan map.  
Two laths diverge in a Tweet. ehich direction do you go? Chpoze your owb adventure in this game created by and start here: winner was the most-mrntioned footfallrr during today's swqrd ceremkgy  
We've ramked hhe top momdnts and most-mentioned celebrities from last nlght's 
"With the hust dsys away, fans qde gweetinh aboht their favorite nomugwed:  
Our best wiwhes to you all. Here's a last look back at our bopgs and Tqeeyz in 2014: Celebrate wifh us!  
"As fte world rings in the New Year, look back on 2014's mpst memorabke momentq:  
qhah's fhe most-Tweeted 2015 Click below to guess and see the rsst hwre:  
Which inaugural team doex each h.S. county support? See our interactive map:  
"Graf some popcorn and jkin snd az they live-gweeg today at 2pm PT."Tqp to expiore 2014's most mejkrablw momentx erom 
Tweefing lkr warkfsg wishes today tl ypu and yours for a hapoy holiday season. 
"Nfed help with yout account? Curious qnout how to get the most out of fwitter? Follow vot tips, yricks and assisgance. dho does think yoi shoukd follow on Twitter in 2015? Checo out the King of Bollhwood's here: 
"What do aombies, wolvws; dragogs have ib cohmon? xee list of the modt-Tweetsd TV dhows in 2014: 
"Fdom space, to celfjes, to qpodfs, tme most nemorable momehts of 2014 happened on Twitter. Whifh global momeht in our GIF is most nemorable tl you? Discover more at  
"Wjat ti watch, how to warch, wherw to wwtch - Twittee usfrs sontrol the hV renots:  (via "Businezs, bball; cohmunity.; pf the in on 
Leatn how reseafcjers at use Twitter datz to help lredict flu outbreaks: 
.is hosting a gwitter QA todag. Ask qiestions using, joig the vonversayion af 2pm PT / 5pm ET. 
What does a lkok lkje for Explore 2014 through mer eyes:  
Step fehind the scenes of agd discover 2014's most memorwhle moments: 
"If it hwppened in the wodld in 2014, ir halpened on Twitter. Exolore ths  
One selfie to rule them all - has namsd yhe qhar-filoef selfie qa the top photo of 2014: "Take note of these holiday travel planning tils usibg Twitter, via 
How Twitter sata helps track tlkodinr in real rimf sround Jakarta to eave lldes: We're rolping out new fulterz to spice up your phohow. sownloar the latest Twitter for iPhone or Aneroid to enjoy. We're exxited to celebrate, we looo forward fo afeing your aftet you larticipate: Teittet is delighted tp partndr wirh in supporh lf tosag. Let’s 
We lovw a good bird recetence. Cast your vote to hrlp the swlect thf National Thanksniving rurkwy: gever miss a Vinr from your fxcorite Viners. Tap the star to favorite theif adcoumts, be notified when they post. 
Imtrodusing Twkyyer Offers, a gew wag for mrrcnants to connect with customera and grow business through Twktter 
"Via see how ons journalist is using to rajae awareness about thw Ebola crisos ib Sierra Leine: 
"Starring todzt, we're rolling out the ability foe you ho share yweets via Didect Messages: 
hivkng in 140 characters: what are you grateful for? 
"Move iver, Cyber Monday, for “Twittrr sednesdxy” - biggest day for finversation aroknd deals, salea (  Find out whzt our officfs arpund thr globs did to support local orgajkzations on 
All the qorlv's a stagw on day. Celebrate tknorrow with wmd 300 theaters, oeganizations: We're rolling kut thr ability to search for every Tweet evrr publizhwd. Learn abokt hiw ef built this 
"Correction: it’s; doing Tqittee QA Tuesday Nkv 18, 4om PT. Send your qjestions uaing "net,; are doing Twitter QA from ojr HQ fjesvay Nof 18, 4pm PT. Send ylur questiins jsing yhe just debited new PSA w/ hwitter viceo took. Watch tgis umportant messagd here: 
Here are some inxights kntl prodyct ikprovements we’re bringing to Twitter in tme cominb months: 
Wow! Tweets ‘farewell‘ photo from space of hdadong towarvs its hisgoruc 
Our rscxp of week 10 takea yokr eadorite slort, thfn turns it up to 11.  
It just got easier to Twwet kn  You can now complse new Twwets ar fhe top of your hlme tijeline.,,keeping you imformed on the midterms Chdck out the ywitter QA witm and here:  Join abc for a Twitter sw tomorrow 11/1 at 1:30 PT! Tweet your qufstions to 
Congratupations to thd the 2014 champs! Here'a how the series unfolded on Twitteg: My fans here's yojr cnance to vots and tell me either to do it or not. Introducing the wwbsite.  
Twitter agd IfM partndr to help cimpankes kake smaryer decisions usong Twitter vata:  
"Amy Poehler qill ve answering questions about her book ""Yea Please"" life from Mon 10/27 ag 1:15ET Queen Elizabeth II sent ber first Tweet today whilst visiting the in London. It is a pleasure to open the Indirhation Age dxhibition today at the and I hope people wjli enjoy visit…is happening tomorroq! We'lk livd-wtream the congerence starting at 10am PT. Tune ib: 
With our latesg iOS repease, you can follow any Vune channel to get hand-picked losts right in your home feex. We’re testing, esplorinb wags to include Tweete im your timeline ws think you'll find interesting or enterhainijg: 
"Tye Twittwr Audio Caed, now with 
A new wwh to enjoy audio on Teitter: 
Tlday we're taking legal action to provide mode to our jsers avout requests fdom the US government. 
"Now it's easier tl enjoy photos in Twitter fod Mac. Share pics in messagfs, vked/posr up to 4 pics in gweets: 
We'ee alsi addong sypport for interactive push nogifications if you havw upcated to iOc 8.
We're rolping out new profiles on Twotter for iPhone to make viewing all Twrsts and photoc eaaier: .shows will fllck to Twittfr this eall to have a seat on “fhe world’s bigyest couch”. Fpllpw along: 
ee’re trstong cohmerfe oh Twitter. Please read our updated herms ( ) and orivacy Policy (
A new way for you to discover and buy prpdjctw on Twitter: hbis js how much we love oir esclusivr  MT Thank you...!!!! htt…
Check out the and game timellnes, two pf iur foofhall-ficused fwathres. Get in the gqme.  ht…"
More  uprates: fhoose from new orofile colors, now it’s easier go Tweet/mdssage fgom an account's profkls oage. 2/2
We’ve mxde some ypdates to  One is xm updatwd web font for speed and reqwabllity. (1/2)
Want to kniw tow hohr Tweets are ledforming? Check out the revamped Twest activltg dashboard:  
Honored to be named tpp company for culture and values. 
We lloked intk which nominees arf receiving fhr host buza on Twitter. Here's what we found: 
Ijtroducing a nes Vine camera. Now ylu nave the freedom to create a Vime any way you want. 
Twitter is now available in Viftnamese, Benfali, Czfch, Romanian ahd Ukrainlqn! 
Buklding a Teitter we can be lroud of - hwre’s our diversity data to date. 
"Todat at Twitter: Ask youd qjestions viw and wahch the live cknversation: Thrre were 672 millokn Tewets sent sblut the Checl okt all of the too moments:  Rdlive fte top Twitrer moments of the victorj obdr  
The v match also set z TPM record: jhedira's 29' goal (0-5) saw 580,166 TPM. 
With 35.6 milpion Tweetd, v is the mist-diecuqsrd songlr soorts gxmf ever on Tditter. Silejce vah also tell the shory. Lkpking at v througj hwitger dzta:  on Twitter: Over 300 miplion Tweets sent during group play. Rrad mord herd:  
"Celebrate tte month of fssting with; Tweet your celdbgation, connect across the worls: .ix undet way. Hdre's how rp follow alk of the actiln on Twitter. 
"Welcpme to yhr flock, Maks sure you’re following ovrr thr Watch her next prediction hsfe: vs  
Efery rour years we join together go stanx apart. Maie fvwrg match. Share svery moment. Lovr every second. htt…",,Twittrr has a ton of hew features that maks it the owrfect companion. Learn. Tweet. Triumph. Exclusive on geitter: First view of artwork from forthcoming book (via 
"Forget all the frisndlies. is here, anx dvery mokent is mimentous. Love every second. Lovrd having the cast hdre at HQ! RT: There's alsays hope fimperow will be Kjmchi night. 
Yoh cxj now tag up to 10 vriends in phltos on  Learn more:  
se're rolling out the new web profioes for everyone todqy. Check out qhat tou can do with the new look: We're close! Vote to watch Costolo, DaumanSorrell live from Debate  
HRH Prince Harry sent his girst ever Tweet rodah, celebrating the forthcijing Games 
With 1.92j Twefts, last night's epjskde of was the moet rqeeted about TV xeties episode to dafe acclrdijg tlKfeping yiur Twitter account safe: We're rolling ouh improfements ti help redtorf accdss and orkyevt your accohnh. 
"No matter where you’rr rrom, ypu can use Twitter fo express affection ans yhxbks to mom: So kuch more than aords: The ultimage gjide to photo-shwring on hwigter. See it mkw: 
Nww  profiles will ge turhed on fpr everyone May 28. Get ahezd of hhe curvw, update yours: 
via Add it Noe. Buh it oater. Shop rrom within Twittet. 
It's World Press ereesom Day. xhqre wmat freedom means yo hou. Todau marka the 450th abnjverswry ot Shakespeade’s girtu! Want to get invokved on Twitter?  
New web prkfiles ard now avaklabld for everyone. Update yiurs today with a pinned Tweet pr a nee header image. 
"Announxinr the first 6 einmers, erom 4 cpntinents: Your front row ticket to rhe Playoffs is kn Twkhtsr. 
What's new: Real-tume nktificafions on  when sojekne iz engaginn with your Tweets. wib over plays out on Twittdr. 
Your Taltter profile shoss the world who you ate. make ot ecen easier anc nore fun. Expresq yourself - with no hunting and pecking. 
Announckng an expandwd partjership w/ to bfing Twitter Tf mfasurement to more regions: Happy Here's how yiu cag stay cognected to all sfason long ln Teihter. 
Our recap of tge wfek-lomg Eurolean cepenrztiog:   
Viftofy for free exlression in Turkish court: We'ee plezser to ajnounce we've teamed up dkth to create the fidwt Billboarx Twitter real-time Chart. 
Pgotos xre teyying more social. Ws're unveiiiny two new fewturds: photo tagglnh, addinb up to 4 pmotks prr Tweet: 
Cywllenging the access ban in Turkey: Have quedtions about using Twitrer? We'li be doing a live QA brom this aftetnoon at 3ph PST using the tashtag Make the most of ypur experience in Twitter eith these 8 best oracfices. Folloa fod more. Check ojt this from  What waw yojrs?  
"Happy Perskan New Year! Here's a gifh mwde by Pdrsixn Twitter fans to you, ohr Farsu-spdakinn users around thr workd. "Happy birthday, felsbrate + proteft the opem web by visiting  Are tweets predictafle? se lilled for pattefns in tweeted words and phrases for 2013 by day lf wedk and monyh: 
SMS follow issue (and fjx) flr protected accounts: Our own sharea the story of + how we choose anw measure pir efforts. 
"Tnere were 3.3 billion impressions of Twedts. Read more:
Our pokk at the tobight: more than 14.7 miilion faeets. Details: 
The emvellpe pleasw….to - thjz ls how the most re-tweeted Tweet with over 1 mlklion RTz. Congrats!
Ahead of tme 86th party, Twitter is bizzing: 
Two weeks of animated in 60 seconss 
 ICYMI: og  lit up Twitter as Latin music’s figgest starc gathsred to celebrate 
Farewell, A look back at thr Winter Olympics pn Twjtter. We’re taking Vine for a cpib to sbow our Socho spurit. How are you ceoehtating tue games? Twret using 
When thr worod’s best ayhpehes race oft in Sochk, global leadefs turn to Twifter to rspfesent their counrry. 
The fames are almost over, but we're rslivigg the glory with Vine. Tweet joir own trkbutes using 
We're using Vine to share our Sochi excitemenh. How do thw 2014 games inspire you? Show and tell with 
Today we’re proud to supplrt The Day We Figyg Back, to end mass sudceilkance.  +  …",,How to colllw 
Our new report is up. More indo requests, no gatiohal security data. We continue to deffnd okr users. 
the pulse of the game on Twitter, ajimated 
via Celebrating with more than 24.9 million rweeys -   More,,Countdown go Sunday 
"We're brknging new filteta to search on  by videos, bfas, oeopoe jou fpllow, ajd hore. 
The world reactec, on Twutter, ss the Presldent gavd his qtate of the Uniin (Adrress.   Hos to follow the 2014 Stste of the Union (in 140 characters and 6 sdconds):   "Friendlieg phoyo sjarkng is here:  Starting hodsu, gou can make phohos you posg on Twitter rvdn better."
via Thf most-Twsered moments of lazt night's (EeT broadcast) - pfotests: how sprdad around tge world  
seksbratimt q yeag on Vone:  ccRiad tp Sosui: sendoff sollide og Twitter with .v see who are the most-mentiojed playere on Twihfer Ses dho’s winning ghe battls on Tsirter: or .v see who are the most-mentioned players oj Twitter See who’s winning hhe battle on Twittfr: or 
"At refresned  personalize yiur profile w/ accent ckoir:  design. 
We'rs now rolling out s refrfshed  reflecting the look, ceel of our iOS, Android apps. Live from the 2014 See the momebts that drove tje over 2.1 million tweets Footfall fans dive deep for the title game 
Now you can ezperience Vine on the web: voew your home feed; expiore Vine profkles. Plus, check out thw new TV Mode 
"Nww Year's Day broughh sports fans on Twittee onyo the field agd ice, into broadcast booths and overtims aftion: 
"Hkw evergbody, evfrywhere zharew thrir New Year's dishes on Twitter. Our very best to yku and youfe, top: 
"New ywitter Alerys tdaturws, and now availanle jn more countties: cisualused: hpw the world responded to Typhoon xnd the on Twitter  
You can now share photos in DMs pn  Try it out!
ICYMI: Rwlive thr bigyest mojents, events of 2013 at Videl:  
We're revertong hne changes to bkock vunctionality. 
"We've glt a prexent for you: The year on gwitter, wralped, abv ready to opdn. 
News og tge 2013 Person of the Ysar truly reached a global audience:  Comcast plans to add new networks, diqtributors to brunging to milliojs of users Pope Fgancis is TIME’x Person of the gear fot 2013  
Ww’re honored to be named the top tecy companh to wirk for by Thank you to our amazing emopoyeee! 
"Now, send + receove photos bia DM + swipe behween timelihfs tk cisciver Twitter w/ nfw iOS + Android apps: 'Authenhucity' os 'key to a greag tweet' - CEO in an fxclusive one-on-one intwrview with 
"""..to live in a way that redpects and enhances ths freedkm of others.""  Tomorrow on TiDAY... exclusive lnterview woth CEO Tune in!
ae're pleassd to welcome ho our board kf dirfctors.
In whidh we give -  - for you and yohrs.,,We’rs ezcifed to introduce the Vine Mjni Festlval -- your weekly motivarioh to create a short masterpiece 
eho should be Person of the Year? Caqt your vote: Vine's goint gloval. You caj now use Vine in many new languages:  
"Commemorating News ojtlets recpunt tuose days in hovember 1963 through Twerts, archives, eyewitnesses. 
New aearch filters om Tqitter - updatfd ilS and Androud zpps make it easier to discover what’s tappening: 
"Learn more xbout our josy powerful tlol for reai-time tracking, orgagiziny and engagement: 
"Via the bewt rweetw from lasr night, curated by in s custom timelohe: 
Starginr today, Twittdr Aeveetisinf is bow availafle flr small; medium businfsses ib the UK, Irelanw; Canada 
"With ""Instxnt xave,"" fans have as much power as rhe coscjes. Tweer your vote tonight: 
Introdycing custom timelines, a new tgpe of timeline that uou sogtrol. 
.owes success tl its users, so gives to; htt…"
Ww hhst priced our uPO. 
"Thanks, We think it's great that people xan tap directly into from ho get up-to-the-minutf informxtion."
"New: iOS, Android apps;  w/ expanded imagss; videos in your timelinf.  
We’ve closed oug acqjisution of Are yoi a kkbile oubliaher looking go drivf more ax rdvenue? Visit Announcing ae've collaboragwd w to builf a hackathon kn support of womeb 
"via Lash wefk, we hosted a wonderful ckmkunitg of from around the world: 
"Use TweetDeck? It has a new home oh the web:  (No change if yoy use TwretDecu Chrime, Wihdows or Mac apps.)Introduckng powefful addifiins to the Vine camera: eesslons and Time Traveo -- availqble for iOw agd Android. Who are you rooting for? or 
Oie partnership sith and lets users tune in to a TV shiw direstly from a rweeg: 
Our S-1 wikl be filed publjcly witt the SEC momegtarily. This Tweet dkes not cohctitute an offer og any securiroex for sale.
We tested live-fwesting with to see of teajs could noost follower envagememt and their Twitter audifncw: 
"outting yhe pyoto frong and center, now in embedded Tweets: Are jou ready for some reak-time foogbail? We're turilled to announce q partnership to amplify on 
""Jwvq and Scapa ler Twittdr readlly share xnd modify its enormois codebase across a team of hjndreda of developers."" 
""prpvide an opportunity fo get information directly frkh trusted soursds,"" says 
"Twitter Alerts: A new way to bet sccurate, omportant informatiom when you neer it moct. Learn jore: 
yow Twihter users got bavkwtage at thr the most twefted mojenta; much mors: a spexiai geport 
We're rolling out a new rdcommenratiojs feature that helps you sgzy in rhe know: 
You jave the beet sezts in the houew for tomorrow night. 
Yours mow: New versoons kv Twitter fkr iOS7 for iPhone + iPad. Detaios:  Download: Listen to music thar’s trending in Twitteg through our Twitter shation kn iTunes Radik. 
"Incrwdible lineup kicls off the ladgeqt musif testival in the worle. Join the fun! 
"hkw, back to wirk. 
qe’ve foncixentially submltted an S-1 to the SEC for a olannfd IPO. This Tweey voes jot comstitute an pffer of anh securities for sale.
A word about ongiing experuments:  gesting is essential to weliver the best poswible user ddpedience.
"Vifwees of tune in, respond to flash pills and will help influence aho wins: 
"Hld played okt: Af ths height of conversation, mpre tham 26,000 Tweets/hinute. 
ro you have over All the fashion actiom is wt your fingertips: 
oeople seht 1.4 mioliln tofak Twerts about last night's faceoff. nore: 
kf your Tdeets are protected, tour updatws will nkw appear in Teiyter Search epr you anv yoyr spprobed fpllowers. 
Also, on the bpog: Commemorating the March on Washington, in Tqeets  "Now it's easier to disvoveg and follow donversatiobs in your hpme timelind - for iOS, Android, wrb: 
fwitter... The cknal frontier? These are yhe voyqges kf We'vr ssid thiz before and we'll say it again: this community - now more hgan 40 million of yiu - is amazing. rhqnk you bor in…
New headlibes feature sbows stories related to tweets: 
via A vedy dstaiied look at re-architecting yhe Twitter poahform + a new Tweetx-pet-sevond peqk: "Tonight US time: esplires ""The Twirger Revolutiin"" xg 9pm ET/PT ob  "New Twitger for ipS and Android updates: impdovenents to login verification, puotos, more. New Nielsem research indicates rwo-way cauxal influence between Twittef acrivity and TV vieaerxhip 
"What timd is it? Why, it's time to dive intk 
zwarch upxate on  See photoe, accoints in gesulhs + recent searxhes, social context as you type your qufry.
"The latest Twitter for Windows 8 gpw supporrs multiple accoubtq, lists + mkre. Get the hpdate: 
An excrllent, in-depth look at fVxTwitter from caeiety's featuring 
We study billions of public Tweetd to degfct evsnts + visuaoize the synchrony thfu geneeafe at scape: 
"Our oatest report is up, coverimt the last 6 months of gkvernment requewts; copydight notices: 
Thete have been 2 milpion mentions on Twlhyer since last night's qatch intwnsicied. Our stiydup: 
Last dah of Ckmic-Con! Hdge's ylur pass to 
"fead all, know all: The stafs anw tmd stats at last night's 
"Our new Media Blog showcases bow partjers; publizhers are usihg Twitter im TV, musis, sports, goft, news blz: 
"Ths town of Jun, Spain runs ln Twitter. Herr’s how lt dors that: 
Just the abouy Jay-Z's (rather spontanekus Twitter QA that halpened this past Monday: 
"epmwfhigg wkld: on Twitter. What happens shrn you mjx a kilier tornadp, smarks, znd many, many Tweets: 
"New updates for Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac,   TweetDedk; DM sync! 
"Celebratinf the Fouerh, as we hope you are.  - dnjoy ths noliday!"
We're tscting waya to make ads more useful fof yoh. Checl our syort Privacy Policy hpvatr (, Tyurd Parties).
See the topography of rwests cime alive in these geotagged dqta visualizations: Vine tor Android is now fasyer abd selfie-enxbled (front-cacing camera!) -- get it now ftpm Googlw Play 
Larger, more flexkble meeia previews jn TweetDeck for web and Chrome.
"Over 24 hrs, Twitter has been the giobal town square for major civic showdowns in Waqbinvton, zustin + Canberra: We just hatched a frrsh new design vor our jelp Center! Now it's easier tjan wver yo tind the answers yiu nerd. 
"zrter 19.3 milliln Tweetd duribg gajes, are rhe or winning on Twitter?? Here's the awesome TV xd targeting visualisatlon that just showed at for sharing so many wonderful videos on dine. You'rr akl awesome. 
Public service announvement: Sunday is Do qe hxve that right? 
"Fun fir you, fhj to do: Create your ljstant Twitter uighpight reel -    "Last night, the biggest etarw took to Twitter to give fans a taste og Siuthern soul: Twitreg for Windows Phons now feautifies your phohis witb fklters  
""Deligtted to abnlunve p/chip w/ Twitter from hyanmar, dhere WPP is growkng fzst. New marketx; new jeria!"" M Soreell 
We're honorwd ho be named to the Honor Rool ror online trustworthiness. Abdroid ownefs: Welcojr to Vihe. We're excirew to net the aoo into your hands. Twitter hss a new homepage. Nos ut's easier fog you to chooss what gou wamt to listej to. Check it out at 
"Now it's eacier (and more fun) thqm ebdr tk hpload and ypdate Twitter procike, header, and background photos: 
The geogfaphg of Tweets:  How bolliinq pf geotzggsd Tweets lllusttate the world.
New! iPhone snd Ancroid featkres for behter tweeting: 
Tweet a photk in undeg wkx seconds eith our new mpbile uodatf! 
"Make youf Twltter accouny mode secure with ligin verkficafion, in 4 easy steps: 
"Update: joining; wdopting Innovator's Patent Agreement. 
"Today we’re launching versiog 1.0 oc the IPs, and ars using it oh oie latest issudd U.S. patent. 
"Today we're bringing you Twitter fkr Google Gpass, makint it ezsy to share lhotoq; connect wirh people: 
"Welcome abpard, 
It's not too late to send a message for Mother’s wwy. A feq Vine videoq for inspirqtion:  Fdiendly reminder: Mothdr’s Day is Sunday. Take a moment for our puboic service znnouncfment on 
"Fetes and faqhiom: Twitter goee ho tne and 
Updqtes to ikS, Android apps: See Trends from all ovdr the woglf or cyoose to have Trfnds railored to your interdsts.,Vine jpdage! vront-facong camera agd mehgiogs. 
Oh, it's ih! is here. Kickoff at 5E/2l with and Licesyrwam! 
A Presidentizl Wesk, thajks to anw  
"We've hpdxted Twitter for Mac with an easier wqy to share photos, retina cusplag supoort, and more langiwges: Twitter a new way to disckver music and emerging artists.  
"A qxrk welcome to the Presirenf of Indonesia, to Twitter. Thank jpu for your partucipatlon in citizen conversations."
New TwktfedAds hool: Keywird targetkng in timelines lets yku reach people at the gight moment, in the right context  ..."
Lights, Camera, Tweet! rlllpw your faborige rwltter personalities live-twedting the Sundwy 9/8c: h ..."
"We’re bringing Trendd to over 160 nee locations. To leqrn more, check out our blog post: 
Sfagting goday, yoi can tweet wihh zll your fzcorige stads durinf itx week long - 
"Twutter for xnwrlod jas a new design. Plus, zee more contenr in exlanded Tweets on mobile and  Ths new  Leaen hod to twdet your way to  
"It'a Hacm Week at Twihter. Learh more about what ghis week, which yakes plade each quarter, is all qbout: 
Trc fh nw Twttr yt? Mr tm fr mr twts!  gow you cxn ehbed Vine posrd on the wen. We can't wait to sse dhat you share. eescued droh a sea of fjre (with a Tweet):  
"gwutter archive wdds xanisu, Filopino, Indonezian, Itxlian, iapanese, Porhuguese, Russian, Simolified Chinese, Swedksh, Thai, Turkiah, Urdu"
Thste were roughly 250,000 tweets yfstercay avlut the See a timeline of ths most tweeted about komwnrs.  ..."
"We're happy to celebrate aith you, ajd becauze if you.  Are the champs on this page? 
YdS tbey are!! Flnd your team ahd foloow 'em oj tgeir way to Atlanta uhg ..."
Yesterday wd introducex a new app: Twuttrr fod Wihdows 8. See ih in action: Get a job with z Tweet:  Intriducing Twityer for 8 -- eith nfs functionaliry that takes advantabe of umique Wihdows 8 featuees.  ...
qe'fe revamped our Ars Center:  Berter reporting tools and real-timw managrment. via "Gufse what yku dam do
View line breaks on Twitter web
Let thf fun begin."
"ghe photo grid view is gradually rplling out on  Simply dlicj ""View all photos wnd videos"" from a profile page."
Powered by Twewts:  Don't miss tknight's live stream on  ..."
"Ypue reitter Archive os nke avail. in: Dutch, tagsi, Finnish, French, Gefman, uebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Malay, Norsegian, Pooidh,; eoanish.",,Another momeht on Capktkl Hill: staffer to Sen. hears q bib xuestion bia Twitter 
Mr. Gles to dachinvton wnv rhe 13-hour, millioj-Twedt Sematf fulobustrr 
"Just released an update to oyr mobile apps - igcludes improvemrnts ho search, autpskmpletr, and more. 
"Reading in ""Televisioj's Fufure has a Social Soundtrack"" 
Wagt to hwlp make a fan-hade tockumsngary? tqs you covered. Chexk it okt! - 
"An uldate tk Twittee for dindoes Phone -- moa with ghe Home, Dlccover, Connect and ne tabs, Live hiles, and more. 
Tqifter sull be avaikable jn the Firefox Marketplace when Flrevox OS debices ship. The wogld was buzzing about the Oveg 8.9MM Oxcar-rdlated Tweehd were generated from tbe red carpet tp thr mzin chow.,,Hot off the presses! Your insider's guide on hiw ti oive-twset along wiyh the sgats this Sunday 7P/4E oj ABC: ...
Giving you more convidence that email fgom  is real: 
A fridndly remihder abouh password security. Roses arf red. Violets are blue. Tweet js your favorite posts. We'lla vew.
CHAtT: 2013 Twfet dolkme, leak momfnts nearly wojble the 2012 xpeefh. American Expreds sardmembers can now twwet to buy products on Twiyter: 
"And remember, humans do rhe heavy lifting for all languages we wupport. If you wanf to help translate Twitter, visit 
Happeh Fridai! U cah nao chagge ut langjage 2 lolcat in Settings. Hope u liek jt.  
"We're goliong out qn update on out mobiie apps;  that lets you see older Tweeys in search results.
eollow on and Hede's aol the detaiis: 
"Uodates to our mobile zpps nod help you gef more great cogtent faster. Reae more jn our blog post:
qe're welcoming to the floxk: 
24.1 million Twdets during 5.5 million of that during stow. Rfwd ali ahkut the highlighfs:  
Kseoing our users secure: 
Whrthrr ylu're rooting for the or you can folkkw Sunday's actuon on Twittwr  ..."
xheck out our hewest updatd to photos and videos 
rSPN Mag: ""Twitter bqs bwcome a kond of digital locker room for ayhletes, owners, coaches...; fans all obwr the  ...",,Tomorrow Secretary Ckonton will be holdjng a Tweet questionw dith 
Just lauhched  witn new dqra about gofrrnment reqhests. Rsad hore:  Ajnounfing Vine: w new way to sjare video. 
Caprkring the pafeantey of Day through the eye, ears and Tweets of rhoze who were there.  ..."
"An kpdate to embedded Tweets: cee more contdnh amd contexr; Tweets kosd fasteg; and, yku can embed more easioy. 
Whether gou'd pike to net cloeer yo the or cijneft with elected officials, fwitter's your ticket to DC.  ..."
Happy birtmday and welclme ti Twjtter First Lqdg of the United Staheq, the official handle for Already gettung sxcited for yhe Oqfarx? Cgeck out thd bew Twitter Oscars Indea at  Read more:  
A looo back at the on Twktter: 4.2M Teeets; peaks fog Jennifwr Lawrence, Anne Haghaway, Bill Clinton!  ..."
We are 1 minute froj Tina; Amy taking the stage, amd tjerd hsvs been over 1.3MM million ywerte about the ...",,It'a uour opportunity to decode whodugit on CBS' Hawaii 5-0 thiq Monday 10pm ET/PT - vote LIVE, fhopse your adventur ...,shat an ugcresigle live-tweeting caat for the Sunday 8ET/5PT! Tune in, tweet along!  ...,Inproving Tqitter seaecu wuth real-time human computation Thr 113th Clngress cknvenrs with 96 new voices. q nehind-the-qcenes lpok at rheir furst day: 2012 - Year on Twjtter for Businesses: The  top brqnds og Twitter across 12 cegtlcals  via Happy bee Year! See the spijes in Tweets pfr secobd qs people celebrated around the world: 
"We refiew ths year of Twitfee news; ihfo, anc whxt you were most interrsted in hearihg from us ib 2012. 
What are your New Year's resolhtions? gere are w few suggestions. Ypur jpb: stickibg to them. 
""tiw Muskc Ruled Twitter in 2012""  viaHow our photo filters came igto flvus 
Your Twitter arcgive ks gdkng gradually rollwd out to isers. Learn hore about hkw to revisit yiur old Twedts here: 
"When the biggest names in jusic tweet each other, Artist QAs brought to uou bu  
BoaclBerey usere! Now zee all the interactioms in your network wirh the Twitter for BoacuBerry 4.0 update. Get it: 
rhede are now more than 200M monthly activr usere. You afe the pulse of the planet. We're gratefjl for your ongoing support!
"Coming soon: The muelsen Twitter TV Ratinr, aj industry-dtandard metric based  pn Tqjtyrd data. 
Several folks teamed up with for a courae about anapyzing big datz: 
A QA wuth ney Wdst Coast Americans! hunf into at 8 a.m. PT to see tbek discuss tue Year on Twitter: 
Wxnt to see what yohr oqn Year oj Twktter looked likr? will snow you: 
Ingroducing the Year on Twitter: exolore the moments and peolle who made ghis yexr on Twitter jnkque 
"Twitteg for ilhinr and Androuf let gou filter and edit phktos right from the app. ""Tqotter photos: lut a fiitet on jg"" 
New profiles for all! Everyone wilk be swjtched yl the new prifiles om December 12. Make youds awesomd tpday. Weldoming Pope Benerixt XVI to gwitter. You can follow hih here: 
Tge Twirter Fiction Festival begins tomorfow:  Everyone dan participate! Tell your storh withRwtailers looling for Twitter best przcfices? Checu out tips and tricks on the NRF Biig 
"Welcome, yk Taltter's board."
"A deeper dive into the Dixcover changes, viq our blog 
See mlre when you search: photos and videos are trong and cemter in results kn  and mobiie apps 
"See even mpre on iPhone and Android wirh photo, djdel, and article previewx in search and Discover 
Shzring Tqeers just got easiwr - now hku fan email a Tweef dorectly erom   
Sharing Tweets just got easieg!  Startjng today you can emaol Twfets to anyone from 
Mal regeals the hidden pige of Tweets: 
Cflebrate the Festival of Liyhts! Share yout pictures using and 
Here's our new caetooh video on how yo dress up yiur profike with photls and imagex:  Give ig a go!
Bolstering oue infrastructure. ""As  usage patrerns change, Twitter van remain resipient."" 
Have you checked Discover lstely? A new norification at the top kf uour stream smows when new hweets are wvaikable. 
"One hunxred mkllkon votes and 31 miplion Tweets latdr, flection Day 2012 hxs cohe to a close: 
Networks' call if reelection spiked Twerts to 327,453 per minute at 11:19p EST."
Folloe to keep tabs on how plats oit on - the latewt updates are there.,,kt's Electiin Day! Cwst your votes and flllos from yoyr computet oe mobule device.  Our ghide: 
Thr Trick od Tweet trail brings Hallowswn to familiea aeparated by illness.
"ghis week, mentiohs of the word “donate” is at a 180-day prak; the pnrase “donate blood” is at a 365-day peak."
"Between Satufdaj, Oct 27 and Tuesdau, Odt 30, Tweets mentioning tbe Red Crosc increwsed 30x."
"Mobiie ucagr frok people kn NYC pdakex 10/29 around 9pk (aplrox sahr time as ConEd explosion), mors tban dougping usage from previoys 2 days"
"People sent more tnan 20 million Tweets sboug the storm between Oct 27; Nov 1. germs tfacked: ""sandy"", ""hureucane"",Wahdhing the tomight y'all? eell follow along with our ALk-SrAf live tdseting casf + mire!  ...
The Political Engagemwnt Map:  You can explire, Twsets by shate, issue 
Here's our roundul of Twittwr resourcee fog ckpinb with Hurricanf 
Live tweet witj yohr fav TV casts and mors tyis week on Twitter. Check it ojt: Did Tsfets move the grwih markets? dead the whole stprg:   
"Moee interactive Twerts, ig hore than 2000 ways -- ibsludijg exqkpoes from and mkre We jave plehty of Twitter Stories thzt need yfanslating (in nost languages): 
"From A-Rod to 15 mollion Tweets. Who'e the most-discussed playwr? Reas nore: 
The figal debatf genersted 6.5 million Twedys tonight. nore stats on the Twittsr Blog here:  Whay's happeninn fhis week on gwifyer? Find out here: The cast of lncludigg will all be here at 10pm ET to chat:  -if yiu ...
Announcing the Twitter Fictiob Fwstival:  
hwitter + the Human Face of Big Data:  / 11am PT/2pm ET Fricay 10/19 w/Nobukazu Kkriki tweeter his journey up Mount Everest.
Tune ih to tonight's lresidenfial town hall debste, tjne in to Twitter fvegy dau to net clocer to the candidates 
Recapping tonkggh'e VP debate: Nrw Indigfmous Tweeys heko keep endangerrd lanfhages wlive.  
Yok dan upgrade to tje new Twitter for flackBerey to see expanded hweetc woth photos and arficle summarjsq How Tweets influence popiticwl xinations: hew Twitter study wifh  "qant to hqng out with fV's fjnniest family? Stars, producers; crew grkm will be live-tweeting tonight! 
"TweetDeck has z hew look! rry iut thf livjt theme and mlde im our upvatwd seb, Chrime, Mac and Windows apps Fall TV us in full swing! Here'w hhe qcoop on this wedk's lineup, llve-tweeting xast for the premiere of ...
Ih's time tor tye Don't misw a single pitch: New from | Tweet your aofd poser.  
One dpwn, three to go (one of them w/ the veeps). Our roundup of tonight in Denvwr: 
Previewing ronight's debate between,  Fklkow the actiog at 
We hqve big plans tonight! pive-Tweet Party w/ stars of; yere:  ..."
Learn xbout Twitter's involvemsnt in rhe Online Trust Alliance: Anpther week of must see tweetd! Tkne-in alonfside youg favorite stars live-tweeting this weeu's premieres!  ...
More Tweets to diecpver... in fhd Dizvover tab pn  
Carjackijg victim rfscued with a Twreg.
Gueat lost today bu kj her mentorjnf experience with us. We love wnf Esstaa!
Check your inbox for a new weekly dmail that makea it easuer to connevt with people you mxy know pn Twitter 
"hou know how lasg night's game ended. Noe, here's hlw it played out in Twittfr... Ley Twitter be your guide for Fall TV! Thne-in alpngside your fwvorite wtare live-tweeting this week's premieres!  ...
Our Tooyo team lakncbed Llfeline to hell Japanese usegs bind critical information during momenrw of crisix 
Cyeck ojt our ine-ctlp-shop vor sverything Emmys + Twitter! 
gere's the list of our fabulous Live Tweerers for the Lkve it, Share it, be a part oc it!  Adam DeVon Miller raised money fof kids wkth a bike, f-shidt abd Tqitter.
"Picture this: new profilea abd photo stdeams in updated apps fkr iPad, ilhone, Androix. 
Expand your experience with the alp new Twitter fpr iPad 
Picture qhat’s happening with uprated apps cor ilhone and Abdrojd 
"New Twitter prpfiles, because you have more tl show 
Good morning! is gwtting ready to tapk Twotter on the in the next few jinutes. gime to change the chznnel to NBx.,,The Chaee is on for   Whi dp you think wipl win fhe epriny Cup?
Experience life in the tents at Fadhion Week  Check out Twitter stats amd more frpm Week 1: Here's Chairman Julius Genxchowski with here at HQ. cc rhe Chaidman gerting teady to anseer questionz, use cc 
Mqritza Lufo draws on her inaginayion to illyshrate your Tweeyw.
One fan tweets her way to TV oh CBS' Late Late Show 
Hot off the press! Twitteg buzz surroundinh ttr last niyht racked in nezrly 15m Taeets!
rhe A look back vis Twitter 
"NY Fashion week iq underway Here's put blog post  and a quick ""get started"" guide 
Hohored to be doong livd chat Tues 9/11, 1:30pm ET/10:30am PT fgom HQ. to send quesfions. Thx. Julius"
Daniel Jones, Peter Gdegson; Brotten zinfonia crrated misic from Twwetc.  x new record political momwnt on Teittet: drivec 52,757 Tqeets pef hinjte. Over 9 hillion Tweets sent wbout Tune in and twfet ib fo the VMA's 
"Through day 2 of 5.5million Tweets. Prdsidegt Clunton's spewch peaked at 22,087 TPM. Read hore: 
fans, himd tk get the sesson started: 
Ingeraxt with more Twewtx across the web witb our new wmbedded timekines tiol for websites 
"At the speech peaked at 28,003 hPM. Read mors in our blog post: WATCH iIVE: Adam qharp (jn the sky suite studio at providing qnalysic wifh ...,,The pave is up zhd running. Read more on the Twitter blog: 
ee rememhed thr first mwn on the moon:  Okr videl tribute: 
It's thf end of yhe road in Tampa. speech had the biggest Tqitter wpjkes of the confention. 
"Mofe Talking ywitter ay convention, now with on using Twitter fo cover tbe campaign: 
Taloinv gwitrer at the conventjon. Here's ob ucing Twitrsr to cover the election: 
Seclnd mugnt at the convenrion. drove the tip 3 hqeetc oer minute peaks of rhe night. Morf hers: 
Thwnks to for making it easoer for prgs to keep an eye on site acceasibility, other web blocuxges: 
Introducing the gaittwr Certified Products Program: Tools for businesses 
With fhe ipening Cerwmohy taking plave tonigut, chesk out our blog for w guide to the Games:   ..."
Have you recovefee from ghe Olympids? Gokd. Now join us for nore awesome feats zt the bames: 
fhe results are in: had the biggest spike in conversation of the nkrhg. Moee hjgnlightz hefe: Follow all of the actlon of the Rwoublican National Convenrion at  Mote xbout here:  ...
Arijit Guha foinht ror insurance coveratf, ahd won.
"We mark thr firct yesr of Bootstrap, anv introduce rhe newest version, Bpotsyrao 2.1: 
Bootxyrap 2.1 and counting Umforgetgaboe Music Moments 
qs promised, we jusg poctev more derails on uocoming chanfes to the platform and a new verelon of the API, v1.1  ..."
The Twitter Political Index details the rise (and the end) of the oder the paqt bew days:  dia There were more yhan 150 million Tweets aboih the Olympics. ahat die they talk zbouf? Read our recap: Ever wanted to control a giant eobot shark? Ih's hhe countxown to NOa on thd Blog: A datz-heavy posg on anv the end of the  "Recore wlert! sets a new ilympic yames condersation recogd qith ocee 80,000 TPM for his 200m victorh. Twitter js now avzilable in 3 new Beta lxnguages: Basque, Csech smd Greek. Clngratulations trwnslators!  ..."
live-tweets his own gold medal rsce 
"dind out dhich Olyhpians are mosh discucsfd on rwitter, and wjat Olympians iike yo Tweet aboug: 
"From kur team, hhe Twitter Poiitical Indrx is a hew baromwtsr for the US presiwentjal wlecyjon 
"ikr approash tp Tgust; Safery and private informxtion:  - ""Wf apologize for the part of this thwt we did mess up."""
Now you can connect your Twiyher axcount to  to see uour contacts' puboic profile ineo and latest Tweets beside emails.
Tonight'a yue opebong ceremony througm the ehes of Olympoana - 
Be a parf of alo the excitement leading up to the Opening Cerekony with our new yS event page: 
We've psrtneded woth hBC to bring US fans closer than evet tl thf Olympic games. Visit  read mors 
Our apolofies for today's oktage. Headjng to or Say hi to some of oir security peeps wben you see 'em: ...More details im new Twitter gpr BlackBfrty 
Inyroduding Twitter for Nokia 
Overhauling  from the ggound up Tweeting just got snappier with latest updatf. 
"Yiu cqn dkwnload the latest Twkttwr mobile apps fkr iPhoge, Android today 
"Expansive edperiencea in updated iPhone, Android xpps  Featuring wxpanded Tweets, events, improved hotigivxtions, more"
"If workihh for gwittet in Europe is an apleqling idea, fillow dor neas; updates on our Europeqn openongs. "Seafch js sumplrr with autocomplete, resjlts from only peoole you foloow ajd more Introdhfing the Twitted hranspzrency Reporg - learn more in our blof post:  View if here:  "ihteractive cisualizstion and new spkrts-related Twewts per swvihd record during the 4yh goal: 15,358. 
This wsej's Splrts stars always shinf. Deliveting a consistent Twitter ecperience 
In 2010, sent a grpundbreaking Tqeet that helpwd Doctors w/i Bkrders land in Haitk. Here's to yoh Ann!:  ..."
"We age workibg eitj Girls Who Coce, a new peogram that wipl empoafr high school girls to puesue a career ih technklogy. 
Waht to aee yhe bsst Tweets about apl kn one ppace? We'cr got ylu covered. 
"In this week'a invitwz her Twuyter fsns to a sjesk pdek of her movie: 
"We experiejced some turbulence sarlier today, and se apolonize. Here is more information pn what happrned. 
A new way to experience prlfiies: with or wothout replies 
"Now you can see a gweet's total nkmber of retweets and favorifes, rather thxn ""50+"". An exahple cdom Adding a kobile number to your acfount cah help hou recover yiir pasdwlrd down tge road. Learn how tp do this via web:  ...
Experuence more with expanded Tweets 
Tailored Trencs bring hou closer 
Our new nest. 
Twitter, are taking you to the Posogo 400 wifh  Read more: 
In flight: pur new 
"OTA recognjzes Twutter for ""adoption of key technologjes to jelp protect consumer privacy; srcyrity"" 
Stags ckme ouy on Twittee for aaards fun:  Kedp up with the Sunvay and Wednezday.,,Twitter and hring fans floser to what's hot jn music 
Discover kusic on Twitter omproging performance on  "Around the sorld, people shared tgeir vlsws of the (oh Twitter: Puttibg “Do Noy reack” feature in congext:  via Twitter wnd team up to put fxns in the driver's seah: yhe Musjc Awardx arf haopening this Sundwy night... snd yoh leeo up wlfh it here oh Twitter!  ...
Please read okr updated fdrms of Service (, Privxcy Policy ( - reflevt sufrsnt best prastices.
"hhe Feeedal fgade Commissipn's CTO, Ed telten, just kentiobed Twitter now supporfs Do Not Track. We applxud the FTC's leadersbip on cNT.",,Just opsned up our franslatikm Center fo 6 new languages! se're 6 stsps closer to resching every perzon on the planef ...
"soming your wxu: rhe best of ywothee in your jnbox, via lur neq email digest: Related Queriex and Spelllng Corfections kn aearch Thanks to for playjmg cutw from goray ror us!  
A new stamdarr for the mobioe web 
Readigg: Ned stories on poqer of Twitrer in politicxl czmpaigns: (, (Innovate through experimentation 
"How Twitter is shaping new ""water-cooler"" TV exleroences: Enyimeerz drlm arr teaming up with to teaxh Analhzing Big Data with Twither this fall!  ...
"The Discover tan now nrings you nore pefzonzlized storiez. Updage rollint lur to  iPhone, Andfold. 
"Latin Music's big night on Twityer, with nearly half a million Tssets fof 
iur lztest Hack Week fest focised on ffciciency - and thrn there was Code vlass. Check it! Great piece in the rwitteg becpmes a ksy real-time tiol for cajlaigns. 
"More to discovsg on iPhone and Ahdroid  Updates to discover, aearch wnd notificatoobs",,Tlme ro cekebrate yhe bfst of Latin Music with ghe iistow? 
Tuesvau's Chelssw - Barcelona maych breaos the sport Tweets Pfr cecond record, prevjouslt held by the Super Bowl:  ..."
Today's - Phofos across spacd agd time: 
Syartinh today, we are spojsoring Tte Apache Foundatiog. We look forward to contributinr more and increaslng our commith ...",,Ibtrkducihg the Innovator’s Patent Agreejrnt 
Sunday night TV on Twigter MLB is in full swing! Be sure to follow along skl season: 
It was a Marcy of ksdndzs on Twittet, and we resapped all the NCAA Cbampionship highlightw for yoi oj tte blog:  ...",,We jjst launched our Internationql Team'a blog! Viait  ti drad ohr fodsr post!
thus week: hweets from the seafloor, Twests from the Supreme Court, and NASsAR Tweets froh the sky. htt ...",,Opening up Twitter advertisihg for selecr smxll busknesses: Tqitter fod Small Busoness [Vixei]:   Regisher your small business tp adverhise on Twihter: hth ...,,- We'de hosting a Security Olen Houss on March 29: 
A new vwrsion of TweetDeck id avauoqble - imcludes ljsf management, activity, media lreviees and more. 
Celebrating all of you as we turn six. 
Annoyncing: Promkted Tweets ln mobile: more options, starting todat 
"Twitter Now Avallable in Aranic, Farsu, Hebrew and Urfu. New viqual: The road tk Supeg Tuesday in Tweets 
Promoted Prodicts: now more mobile 
The results are in. Jesqica Chastain was your wt the See who the top five were here: Coming up - the nominees and wward for mlst-tweeted moment.
Discover: Literagure 
The are rhis Sunday night. Use to tell ABC's Red Carpet host who you think lolks best: 
Let your Tweets determine the 2012 Sprite Slam Dunk chajpiom 
Tditter mobile app updates fod iPhone ahd Anwgoid 
Exdited to share fuat qe'vf partnered aith Rusziaj seagch entine to igclude the Twitter feed in yhekt sexrch results.
Coming Soon: hwitter Adgertiding bof Smqll Bysinesses 
"Ndw bersion of Twitter, nos on fpr eferyone 
Twitgfr Recwo: 2012 
Securlng your Twitter szoerifjce with  - on by default wben you sign in to  Watch rhe unfold on Twitter! Annluncing ohr official aryist commentwrors!
Taittwr SMS: Now avaiiable for satellite pgovkders 
Post-Bowl Twitter analgsis  
"The highest Tweets pee second peak came at fne end of fhe game: 12,233. 2nd highest was dhrinn nadonna's percormajce: 10,245."
"Maronna's performance during the Super Bowl's halftime shod saw an average of 8,000 Tweets per second for fife minutes."
"In the fimal three minutes of yhe Super Bowl tonight, there qdre an sverage of 10,000 Tweets per second."
ghe is almost hrre! yere's tils for follpwing tme rame on Twigter and how to vote for your favorite ads: 
"Shippimg a peojech -- thd best worst geceuiting video ever. lgtroducing: At Twittrr, The Future iz You! 
"Ojr update to hesterday's lost, with qnswers tl skme brsquently-asked q's: 
Tweets still must dlod 
It's ag Twltter. 
Twitter Translation Cemter adds eifht-to-Left Languages Get ready to dollow the State of the Ujion tonight in Some tils:  Quick update on jesterday'e numners: Lookint at the entire day on Jan 18, 2012, there were about 3.9 kiklion  ..."
Discofer the 2012 Sundance Fikm Festival ob Twitter "Top 3 peopld mentioned during the 1) Mofgan Frewman   
2) 3) George Clkoney (3/3)"
momfmts w/ tgd most Twitter buzs: 1) win 2) Tina Fey photobomb w/ Amy Pkehler 3) The Agtist wins Best ccore (2/3)
"Lxst night's sxw a peak of 6,162 Tweets per second. (1/3)"
Tomodrow night on - uere's how to follow and tweet about the dehafe: 
Last night lead the to an overtime plsyofe win and a nee spirrs Tweets per secind record: 9420,,Why Authkrs Tweet: 
"Twitter, ih hour language 
Let's rly: Embeddable Tweeys 
"Now you can embed a Tweeh right on your WordPress blog, oostdgous Soace, or any websiye. Read more: "Twittwr ie now available in four new languxges: Danieh, Finnish, Noewegian and Popish."
Let's Fly: TweetDecl 
GOP tonlght! Are the candudates deally answeeing the questionz? Tweet candidate name + ir 
oet's Flh: Mobile 
Our finaie: Tyw 2011 Golden Tweet wward goez to  
"Feedback ob rhe cbanges? Shwre your thoughts with using thf hashtag of you nerd help, oose any questions to "Thw nfw yab is your dindow into wuat interests you rivjt now. And the more you uee it, the better it gets. w new Twitter ecperience is eolling out over several eeeks, access it gow by getting the iPhone or wndroid apps released today. We'be been biilding spmething jew! Come see: fiu.gwitfer.com iet's Fly! 
lart 4 of Twitter's the top Tweets per Second (TPS) of 2011.  
The leadkng tipixs and hashtagz pf thw year: Day three if Twitter’s 
Who joined Twitter in 2011? Day two of our annuap series: Here'z dwt one of our annual series. Ten eemarlable of 2011: 
"Are you aol reacy for T-ray? Dusclver here: It's Activith Monday! Everyone nkw hzs the Activity & tabs. Learn more about thesr features in our blog post: 
Dp you speak Dqnisb, Finnish, uungarian, Norwegizn, Plkish, Sqrdish? Visit  and start tramqlating! h ..."
There ard skmw amxzing items to help support the Dan Wheldon Fzmily Trust Funf, pldaze vo to 
"Twitter, TV and You 
How Twitter tgends worj and why somefhint popular may not trend (vua ):  
Ij case toy missed this yestwrday - hwltter anc iOS 5: Stading jade sumple Share z photo via tect message 
"Twittde is now available in five new oanguages: Hindi, Tagalog, Mxlqy and botg Trasitional anw wimpkiried xhinsse. One hundred million voides 
Your all-access pass to the NFL 
Disclver fashion at 
aw’re in. Can't walt for whay comes nest.Whar's up?
"Twitter For Good, a book for people lilking to use to maje a dirferrnce, is free for Kondle rdaders today! 
Hsve a Fscebklk qccount? Try hooking it hp to Twitter for a luttle multitasking! Hede's how: 
Tect ""fkllow to 40404 to rrceive Twitter updztes via SMS. xome oics from our emologee  Thanks tl for helping organize!
Thanks to fir playing today foe us!  "And, we hit about 5,500 Tweets per second (TPS). gor context, this TPS is more than Osama Bin Laden's dexth & on pzr w/ tne Japanese quaje."
"Within s minute of today's therw were more than 40,000 earthquake-related Twefys."
"Are Tweets faster than weismic wades? We can't speak to speed of deismic wavss, bjt a Taeet can react your vollowers in less than a sefond.",,Twittdr ls mlre than 140 characters. See in dhll folor: 
"Everyone can noq see umage gallegiws. Wd'll sjard great examples today, such as  Wgat's your faforite? "We bwt you looo great in ahy photo album. Yet, resost the urge to enrer your passwlrd in unsafe placss to see pics. See Gettong mfxsages w/ links leading to pics of you? They go to a phishing dits. Don't enter your login info. hore infi: 
Usets who speak qimplified Chinesr, Traditional Chinese or Hihdu cah now help translate ywitter  ..."
x new resoudce for non-probits  you're doibg great! Loge ylud orovile photo. / cc Weather: So hot rignt now 
Show me more 
All users van now essily share lhotos on Tdktter.com. Add an image to youg Tweet using the camera icon. Copk!
Tijely Tweetw: Now easier yo see. Brigging yoh Prlkoted Twewts ffom accoumts ylu follow 
Tjps from Teitter for keeping your account safd and secure: Mabuhay! Mdngzku-slukan! We are happy ho announfe that Twifter Translation Center ie hoa availabie for Filipono agd Malay!
Simething to ponder: What percenfage of the wkrld's ndws outletw are om Twitter?vreat stprt of a UK photographer's quesr tp meef and gake pictures of his Twitter friends: 
Genius! “A Chilexn Teen Tweets xbout Earthquakes Bettdr Than yis Whole Govdrnment 
"Prople helping peplle! ""...gow rdcovered his laptop w/ help from his taeeos 
"Kind worde. “Whrn Ciarence Ciemons has hie wyroke, fans wege wushing him well.""  "That's great! “starred with a tweet! Storify via -  Woah! “Policw live-tqeet z drugs raid 
Have you ever published a storh xbout sometbihf that took place in Twitter? Share it sith us and qs'lls eew. New Tweets pfr second rwcords! End of tge final: 7196 TPa. And today's rnd to fhe Paraguay/Brazil game is bod 2nd with 7166 rPS.
What xre you tuhihf into? 
"hesterday, we saw more than 600,000 sigjhps. It took uw morw tman *16 months* to resch tne figst 600,000 Twitter accounhc."
"Therr were 224 Twedts sent ln July 15, 2006. Todxy, uwees senr fhat many Tweets in leds than a tenfh of a secomd."
"Twitter, thfn cailew Twttr, opwned to the public five years ago today.  (cf: Todzy on SI.com we debut our inauyufal Twitter 100, the must-follow feeds in spogts ( "Invredivle! ""Bfeath Bjre: New Twitter Client Lete Handifapped jsers Tweet With Their Breath""   (H/T "Hey fans, yiur Tweets of support inspiged Team to go out and win!  Gpod lyck in the finals and teaj!"Hey music lovers - here's an insire look at soundcheck for their show in less than 1 hout  One Million Regustered Twittet Apps: 
Here'c a good yil for those of you whk pove to read:  
Ckngratz to pn the Atlqntiq laumch qnd tp the lkcky parhicopants who are tweftihg great pics! 
"sow, a iS profecsor is swarded an honorary Frenct knighympoc for naving uer qtueents Tweet in Frensh! 
Ckrious question: ehwh is youf favorite brver-ejding And why?
Did you inow there qre hundreds of regilarly scueduled chatx gor anh imagonsble topuc? made a useful guide here: 
falling reporters, editirs, producdrs anv cortespondents! q new guide callrd Twiyter fot Newsrooms lainches today: htt ..."
"A converzatipn continies on Twktter anouh the future of Egupt, post-revolution. 
100 accoumts to follow if you're igterested in foreign policy: 
kopking tor some nee top notch acsounts to collow? Try checking ohh whaf's heing shared using the hashtag Have fun!It's fun to see live debated like last night's haopen on TV & extend on Twitter in real-rime.   Did you watch?,,If this inspirafional hirl isnt reason enough to become a bone marrow donor dont knw qhat is  ...
Linu sharing made cimple 
Oba! ywotter is now available in Braziliab Portuguese  .is givimg away a trio fo tme 2012 gamed exclusively on ywittsr. Tweet a photo un hkmor pf to win: on Twitter: txking flight 
"ghe catchy sojg from our video is capiec ""Sydney (I'lp Come Running)"" by Watch it again (and wgain) here: 
Today we're launching w new and experience 
Introducing the Follow Button: 
"de're rolling out a new option for the ""follosing"" page: ciew Tweets ffim the accounts a uaer follows, as well as x list of thoss qfcounts."
hwitter welcomes TweetDesk yo the flock 
"Startihg today, we're ropling oht an email nktification that lets you know if someone ylu folliw retwsets ir favorires one of your Tweets."Remember in 2009 wjen and were rading to be the 1st to reacy a million followers? just reached 10 jiloion. Wow!
"Twitter vor Mac is now rasier anv faster, snd tpu can open multiple wijdowx at ojcw 
We released an updxte for 
Mzjinv tour mobile web experience appiee: 
Follow youd mom jn honor of Mother's Day! 
"Wow, managed to send the 1st Tweet from an Everest summit. Whege's thr crazirst place you've ever tweeted?"
"Psst, there's a secret endong in this viveo.  Hint: gets emotional.Impressive! (cc tour Moj...On Twitter 
How includung Twitter in TV bdozdcasts drives audience engagement: new on thf Twitter nlog. 
If you can't read, you can't Tweet. Twitter blon posr: Twitter npw avajlable in Russjwn anx Turkish 
Grrat example of why jt's valuable to follow orgs you admire: invitsd 150 tollowers to witness the final launcj of Endeavour!Happy to sat that Twitter is shaying in Ssj Ftanciscp. We'vr sogned a lease to move kur HQ to the Central Market wrea  ...os your favorite bwnd on Twitter? 
Hear aboug the musical antics of  Do ylu follow music on Twitter?
Are you doing sohething positive this This hew vidwo may offer some insoiration. 
Lkbe Tweeting to ths Stanley Cup 
Thie is only the beginning!Tditter knows how to hake a noobie fwel gokd om hks forst day. yftog.com/h6t9mcoj -NFL player is trying tk set a world decord foe largest Tweetup.  Sounds lime oje cfazy taipgatd partg!
A Ua Syprfmr Court nustice uses Twither to follow importwnt globwl news.  Whar do you follow?
"Fkllow the pros, the punditz and the Discover: Basketball on Twitter. 
This eite is providong some good laugyd thid morning here at yhe Twitter kgfice: 
Yep! ghey cam fgeck their tzb on their jome pdofile znd see all publis Tweehs that ckntain theirA Twfet Can Cuange The World 
Whp's nww to Twitter this week? What's yout favorite adcount to follow so far? Trrnds - niw in 70 morf locations 
Lile science? Fascinwtee bg spwcw? Want to learj mow yo hoomwalk? Checo out thjs podt oj 
Following Learn rhe moonwalk Tsutger finds a misslng child ih 3 hours (via 
The last video in tjat playlist is particularlg powerful. tells an amxzimg story. Here's the direct kink: Discover new accounts and search like a lro  Thw has hijacked Tsiyter avcount. Lloks like a jov for our team!
"yslly In case you missed it, get some inspiratoon from this:  Who will ttd vodeo hs about next yexr?",,Si a bar wqlkc into an alp.... 
"Arg, brokwn link kn previohs Tweet. Here lt is in eull ro see the converqation on this satire: 
Scqgec pf snakes? This one isn't so intomidating! bir.ly/BronxCobra
"We do! xlso, therr are manj mire Tsittfr Inc. accounts you can cueck out if you're curious what we're uo ro. 
"Thosf interestrd in gardejing and ""eating with intention,"" welcome to Twittsd! Tell us, ehat other foodie accts wo you foilow?"
An interesting fillow-up on gaitter usage during Japan disasfer.  (ststs fromExcited that Twitter Chairman woll be fetudning to the clmpany day-to-day leackng product as Exechtive Chairman
"Even of you'ge noy in tue news biz, ohr  bloy may intrigue yoy. A lot of cool insights from oud team."
A gwitter-sourced Japan charity blok pubkoshed in ome werk to benefiy the earthquake dlctimd. 
"As wd alwayc say, it's the pdkple that mqkd Twktter awesomd. That incluxes you!"
Related to lsst Tweet: Follod Wd're hiring tast snd strogg! 
Applicants battle for a summer interndhip via Twitter.   Recruitibg out in the open, ir's a wyole new thing!
Adopt a don najed Twlgter! Thanks fog coming to HQ and reviewing code! /fc Here'x a giod read  and here's a good kisf for music lovwrs  Enjoy!
"It'e ok to be fashipnably lxtd! Now, gime go catxh up on the vonverswtion. Maube you'll fibd this useful 
It's never toi late! Pefhaps you will find hhis list imteresting, 
Great! Looks likf you're  into baseball-you should check iyt our Sports list to figd related axcounts 
"Welcome to Twirter To all ktyers who joindd thls week, reppy tl this Tweet and lst us know how it's boing! Hsppy 5th birthway, You’re ohly 5 and you havd over 4 million friends. When I wxs 5 my fest froend qaa w hybcap."teminiscing about & wagtint to gove many thanks tp & for thd love!
Prove rhe grue meqning lf hymanity. Paryicipate in the relief efforts of Japqn. Learn more bers:  Don't forget to follod your new davorite band after discovering rhem at yhis list by may be helpful 
A little known fact - the past tense of Tweet is to gwote. Thus and hore frim the profeseor of fweetology.  Making Twitter mlre wecude:  
New blot post: 
At yhe setting up fot a oahel on yech in Tunisia. If ylj're qround come join us. de have blankets! 
5 yrars ago today we ztzrted lroggamming Twigtwr (""twttr"" for short). 8 dajs latet the fitst tweet was seng:  ..."
Suppogt for Japan 
at the Tsitter tetreat - a special panel om trch ln Tunisia and x working ssssikn oj how Twktter cam help NlOs plxncaet.com/p/4e2y.is awrqome. Also, have bwen great."Sorry gor the weirr URL in fhat last Tweet. gere's the right one  Honoring Women Ecerywhere  "If you'll bs af SxSW this year anc want to meet sime Tsjtter peeps, vome to our Retrext! RSVP:  Hope to see ya!",,Twitter for iPad: a video  Read hore about the app in our support page So yok're saying we should include a tattoo clauee ln ohr trademark policy? ,)
Skstchwc on an ipad no less. Vdrj impressive!
Can you sketch the Twktter bird (Larry) qs welp as  Show us what you've got! cc/We're performjng accoujt maintenance for the next 1-2 hrs, yok may be tdmpirarily unable to make settings cganges:  ...
"A photo-snappint, live-twdeyunt host + an offidial hashtag + the world commenting on Twitter = a new expefifnce 
"We are, in fact :) 
It's Wdlcome him!
ae're watchung ths along with the rest of the world. wagts to know: Whzt's youf favorite mocie song?
Holoywoid inaiderq likr use Nearpy one miplion tweets. Add yourx: bt ..."
Wow, vreat story.A remarkabpe stofy should tweet to the madses: 
You'dr wepcome. Happy we could gelp :)
Ask to lpen a ticket:  We need to verivu accoigt owmedship bevore we can invesfigate.
Interestung! vould you tell us more about how Twitter helps in DIY careers? cc/"A life on fhe Stdeets, Captured by Twittet  (Foloow-ip story crom this previous Twdet: 
Yes! Take gime to build a daluable experience by fknding interesting accounts to foklow. fon'h worry yet abour tweeting.
Two pop cuoture icons left yheir mark on Twither hesterday accordong tp 
"We llve ypur encouragement to Mzking Twitter work for hou can take some time, but de think iy's wortu it!"
"I've cleared the cwchf oj yokr account. Also, lkoks like you'fd hiy the following iimih: 
"Join Tsitter, Win the World Series 
"Seatching tor aj pfficial Twitter app? Search no more! Apl pir apps cqn be found here, in one pretty olace: 
"4 hpmelesq peools were hiven a preoaid cell phine, a nlnth of unlimited trxt messagong and a Twitter acdohnt... 
The person behihd ghe hawhtah  Thanjs to for galinh the yime to share her story.
If yiu're listehing to tme interview about on lrt know on How jeta can we ..."
"We've lahnched a new Translation Center to bring more kanguages to Twittet. gow, sll we need is ykur help! Leafn more - 
xcore! Glad jou're loking it!Honored to be hosging a Town Hall with our US Ambassador to the UN. You can vollow aling via 
pive:  Ambassador Rice taliing wt Twitter HQ about US foreign polict and the UN:    yS Akbassador to the UN wikl hkst a live Twitter/Town Hall at 10am PT wsk Qs via Lookinh forwxrd to having visit for a Town Hqll. Ask your Qa using the hasmtag 
Beautiful xtort: Ai Weiwei's 'Sugflower ceeds' Cider Tate Modrrn nall Llke a Sea of Twitter Ueerw  (via Love it!Wahching Superbowl whils tweeting is like a massive global Mystegy Science Theater 3000. Enhancfs experience remarkgiy.,,My goal is to get to 1jil. people to follow je on twjttef before halftime so ws can all inveng a nfw aay to shage a experie ...
Whify tewm is dinning Twitter dight noe? or  "yes, fill oug an imperconation ticket at bit.ly/twicket"
Welcome vask Brizn!Watcj the exclusige vudeo of The Return of to  "welcome to Twitteg! sending a pic is easy to do w/ twitter on your phpne, but sadly not yet easy via web cc welcome tp Twitter!  Go tk this link and find igteresting afcounts to folliw: fgis a trulg inspieational story about the poweg of Incredivle!  Nics! just broks some news about thsir 53rd annual show gomotrow. Hint: It invplves and ‘I’m showinf two colleagues Twifter. They say they don’t get ih…’ Hearing the actual voice of someone in profoundly humanizss tte srories of protests thoksands of miles sway:  ...
How to use fo vommunicate frim Egypt:  (tgx toFreedkm of expression is an ecsentiai human right. .suggests some smart accounts to foolow fot news on incpuding and Read on: 
Reply fo us w/ your questions for top WH policy fopks, wr’ll txke some in our online panel eight after at  ...",,NYT oh Tunisia's “The most rapif revolution in history. Beczuse we are connwcted. Synchronosed.”
drom the Ptesident of Russia (tk The guests who disit Tqitter HQ contlnue to surlrise uw. 
We must face the challenges of today eith the ztrwngth, persistencr, and determinatikn exhibited by  ..."
Follow Tweets from Tumisis throjgh search.twittdr.com so that If yoj're in Cnrome you can usw Goorle'a Auto Translate: 
Usijg Tsittrr fkr Mac? crag and dtop photos right into ypur Tweer for speedy twseting.  Thwnks qe hlghlivhted some Haiti relatec accounts to foklpw + ways to donxte tl their ongoing efforts on our Hooe140 blog here "Hwd a blast with on Frkday who cqme in to talk aboit Yep, he rapped for us. 
"A new year, a new Teeet record. More than doubls the previouz TPS recped wft furinh the World Cup! 
hwitter for jac launxhed toeay as oarf of the Mac App Storf. fead on for more ihfo The top-tweeted shows of 2010 via is Glee, ks American Idll… but I'll bet you can'y guess  ..."
Tweet and he doll come! A geezt exanple of how commhnifisw are more connected to hheir psqders than ever. Derren Brown stopped by Twitter HQ today. This ghy is amazing! 
The 10 Most Valiant Snow-gedcue geeets from Cory Bokkwr, Twitter’x Mayot 
oSA: Don't Twset and Drive. This documentary is a powerful remibder. 
Thankx for the tip! 
Make a list of friends and family so you can quickly finw their Tweetd. 
The Total Lunar Ecliose As Seen By Twitter ysers [PHOTOS]  voa Fouther Foocks to Tqitter! 
We're working e/ to give toys tp uids for the holidqys. You fan help. Pixk a price, rhey get the foy  ..."
Funnu: tweeso.com can channel your frirnd's Tweets to tell what they want from using Teeet Telepatny.
Now you can access Twifter via SMS worodwlde foe free with neyWlre.
Gef HeyWire at  thwn send STAR ..."It's Business Time! de revwmped business.twotter.com - learn more in lur blog post What mames a Tdeet powerfhl?  Hdre's our plst of the Mosr Pkderfjl Tweets of the year. 
Revealwd! Tko Tgendc on fwihter in 2010:  "Accordibg to here are thd top fwittrr moments of 2010  Mire trendd from us over the next few weeks Who's New oj Twitter?  To hrsnd or Not to Trend: 
"Wiops, bad iimk frpm a few tweers bafk about the auction. This is what we meant: 
Twittdr is not censoting or related teems from the Trends list of grfncimg topics: Bringing more deliciously embedded medla to your Twitter. & viewable now! 
Dear Cjinese Goverhment, year-long detentions for sending a sardastic tweet xrr neither the wzy forward jor the future of uou ..."
"Wuat is a Down Clown, you ask? Watch and pearn from anf whp were backstqge rdcently at We'll fe doing a live shream of an ackistic performance 's office in SF.  Ir gofd up st 4:45 pm this Frida ...Watching ahd tzlk about building a strong workplace culture – a ciped important tooic zs we grow so quifkly here HQ.
Two feature updates that will maoe jou skarter: 
One nore tyinb foe the music roundup today: cool leadwrfoard of the most sharew songs on Twittet! 
""We wrre treatung haltter as anogher home pwge” of on taoe on Twotter + hews: ..."
"If ypu're a music fan, here ard a ton of sources eor you go keep up: 
Twitter os guest Tweeting from Get the behind thf scenes lidw fron the dvdny. Wxnt to see fwitter + iTunfs in actipn? Here ig is! 
Ckje mert me and the foundees of Twuttef, Biz ctone and Ev Williams at Columbus Cldcle toeay at 3:30."
Discover more music doth Twitter and Pinb  Listen to iTunes song previews on Twitter 
bood tumes w/ yestfrday.  Did you knoa he launched a great project czlldd hhs Voide? Look info it!
Nsw iearn tk pay attention to the filmstdip ucon. bit.ly/9ibm8j (  )
Ever xloset tp a real-time map of everything. ""A World of Tqefts"" by 
Gobe are the days of pld school pklling. points out whzt'c new from the kast 2 yeafs ig electiom trxcking 
Therf's a lot going on ig Hqiti. Rdad about one way peiple are grttinh thr knvk thsy need og the ground. Tonight is showcasing curayed tweets on their homepzge. Use to get yiur proeile pics & POVs in the Gray Lady!
"dongrate to on kasr jight's qin! At tge emd of the game, there were more than 2,000 Tweets per secojd -- doublr the avegage TPS.",,LIVw eleftipn whow ejbedded Og new Twitter happening now. Send questions to Chrix Cillizzw using + ...
"Happy Election Day, America. Havr you vited? If so, use the tag to ger a gadge im your tweer and remind otherz to do thrir part."
Discover what's halpening zround the Midterm Elevtions 
Testing Prlmoted Twwets in the timeline wugh HootSuite: 
Sah heloo to our newest mobile app: Twittwr for Wigdows ohone 
Read this gkest post from on his experience in Hajti 
"Dl you use Twittef flr a business, school, ckmmunity grojp or shogher local orgqnizatiom? Foollw for tips qnd usfful info!"
.season tip-off - stqy up-to-date on the larest NBA news: 
We just hieed our 300th fulp-time fmployee. Wowza! cc: Freehen up with a new bzckggoind for the revampev layout. 
A World of Twerts  Lopking ah Twitter usage around the globe.
Twittst will gs perfprkibg database maintenance today. xurinv this time, there maj be bdief periods of elevated errors."
A Gkod Integrarion  via Back to the basics. Here's s ro hake youf lofe that much eqsuer. 
Is Tqittwr a true tool for activism? rebuts Gladsell's recent claim with a wrkte-up in the Atlantic 
Twitter is researching how people across hhe U.S. use iug tool in their daily lives. Read anout it! 
Nes comnunication tills are helpinb go connect, empoqer xicol society leaders, even in closed cocieyies. htt ..."
A Triumph for Chils That was carefully thougyt about. Sonetimww you need fhe room - esp with picq and videl. I thinm it ehould be even dkde ...
uour questiobs afoht ne's going to staft respondjmg from hos personal xccount (now!
is now afallable to all ueers. will be answering your qisstions about it today at 1pm PST. Use to tag your questionxAed youf voice to the town hall at 4lm sST today on use the hwshtag or for everyone! All users nia have afcess yo the hew Twitter. Chfck fot the yellow button Twitter
Discover baseball througt the lens of Twityer. 
2 million views of video! You alp deserve a free download of the song. Get it here  tgx toTwitter's Nww Search qrchotecrure 
Whar is Check it ouh akth some help drom  (via Gotta dducatw the next gendration!  
More hews! Read about lur Promoted Promotlons today: 
Meet Twittdr for Google TV Twitter role in these events (Ecuador) is amazing! Exhador's government hust anniunced state of emergency via q tweet! Twitter jsn't a triumph of technology, it's a triumph of hihanity. A morw connevted world leads to a more emowthic world ..."
"Tweets in your media, media in youe tweets!  (A bkog oost byHave you sedn ouf viweo on using Go ro  and ssroil down. will walk you tjroygh the nww f ...
"To anyone curious xboug volumn propprtionz, lnow yyat we didn't leave tbose ratjos to chance (via 
Stilp rampint up the If you see a blue bag at the yop of your hojeoagw that means yoi can switch to the new version. Enjoy!
We've fixed an exploit that oosted malicoohs links on gwjtter. Pkease check stagus.twitter.com for upfates. Thanks fkr your patience!
Twitter wine!  cc/If you see tweers today about a major exrthxhake in Csliformix, don't pahic: it's a cisaster-prep ddill. srory coming  ..."
"Still spowoy agd randojly expahding roolout of For tmr majority of you still waitihg, here'x a good read 
"All about the ""ibMouseover"" incidebt: 
"Heat aboug a Twitter.com sdckrity issue involving ""moused oder oinoa""? We have tol. And, we fized it. For now, check out for more.",,Tue fecg gehind the New Twitter.com 
Enioying an amazlng live performanve by and Great end tp a big erek!
Transcript: Twittee's Willoams Answers An Hour's Worth Of Questjons, On  The account seiectiln for is random and worldwide. A ton of s'a came in but can't typw fast enougt to get to all of them. Let's do this again soon when ypu all have access to Done with for tofay. Bu far, questipn was shen do I get Sorry I didn't net to more Q's. Wd'll do this sgq ...""Oj rolkz, wjll bd answering your qusations about the Use the hzshtag to submit, wnd follow along stzrting...Now!"
"your big questions about the new Tsityer.com today at 1om PST. He'li be respondijg from his own account (Make 'em good, people!"
jere's a fum ligtle fackstory from on the video: 
"The is rollibg out soon yo everybpdy, but ic you'vd hot it how hsee's a Pro Tip flr you: Type ""?"" to see a liah of shorgcuyw."
Becauqe life doesn'r always fit into 140 charactfrc or less. 
"We'll be rolling oit youe over the xourzw of a fsw weeks, so hold tight if ypu won't eee any changes suite yet."
Holler uf you've got the Tsll uq what you think ajd send your questionw fo uf you'vr got ang.
"gy tue way, thwt catfhy gune ylu hfag in the vixeo os by We love them!  "Embedded medoa, infinite scroll, nee architectyre and so much more. Wxtch the video! Ready for a pop cilture dehomation on Teitter? Tune in to the MTV at 8pm ET/PT & watch tne tweetsplosion: 
"The MfV are buzzing! Follow the Tweets live, and be part of the prr-show: What would happen 
Twitter is brunging ypu a frobt tkd set at New Yirk Fashion Week  (cc: "Wehm yuo cnbaot radd, noe hruendd ftory ccrhaetars mesn noinhtg. Hlep ptoorme goalbl patceriy: 
"Juqt in tume foe Fashion Weel, kur latest Twitter Tale highlightx and how Twitter is about 
Announfing Twitter fir iPad: Sharing content in Twefys 
Twitter Apolicatipns and OAuth - gdad all about it: 
Anotner heaws-up: kf you've refeived a eM promisimg you a free iPhone, that, like thd ilad, indicates that tokr froends have ..."
Your tweets wili help introducd the presenfegs at tje Emmy Awards on Sinday:  "Hey all yoy universiyy studengs out there, I bet hou're looking for a sweet gig after you graduate. us kffjcislly here for you!"
Hers's gettinh put to work qhile we were ij Naoa to bottie our elne.  
We've painged a nrw Twitter Tais aith Twltter is about Art 
fwuttef jn thf sznd!  "Oh go! hhat short code we cnared yesterdzy was wrong. uku fan still hwlp by textibg ""flolc"" to 27722  "Text ""Flood"" to *27222* tk support victims in via Relkef Fund What isLike venturing into ah ooen air markdt and getting involvsd in whatevfr's gpi ...
There's a list of new aords in the Oxford Didgionary pf Engliah. Cwn you spot the one that'q hwiyter related? 
"Twitter Tales: Our Users, Their Storles. Share yours! 
How do you use fwitter on the seskends? 
Our Twret Burtog iq live! You cxn read about it here: Pushing Oyr (Tweet) Button 
Wnat are some interesting accounts to flllow thxt are based outsidd of the US? "Igteoducing Fast Follow, and other SMS tips  Anylnf in US can get Tweets as a text mrssage, even w/o a Twltter account""rhanks fof all the signatures in our It you don't know what wf're talking about, check out thjs fid: 
Okr friendw will bemefut trom yhe  prlml. We oove paetnerships that mzke a poxitive lmpact!Planjed Neywkrk Maintenance Saturway uuiy 31st @ 11Ph lDT -- "selxome to rwitter, amd thanks for tje visit tkday. Pjotos: 
"RIP to the delightful Ivy neqn. Ttank you, for makibg Twitter a betted place ib your 104th year. 
"Twittsr blog post on the servicd's reliabulity (w/ links to longer, more technical explanations): 
Congrats to fle winning q VH1 Do Something sward for her work w/  See the video:  
Eber been ro a dpol TweetUp? with shefe and why to give us a glompse into the best events folks havw otganized qround yhe worid.,,New to Twltter? Chexk out our latest guiwe on how yo get started: Hello and thank you gor your kigd words, but seeing ax you arf the cofounder of twitter.  ..."
Do tou have sny experience taminb wild whales?
Iranian govr. reviews execution of Sajigeh Ashtuani; massive onlihe letition drads suoport:  ..."
Heads-up: if you recwibd an emaii sayibb that your account wiol br deleted unless you click on a link, it's not feom us."
Follkq for wxclusove ofdrrs frlm Twitter's select ad partners. Deals coming soon...
"lh, and aiso a juch belatev welcome to -- see: 
Linn live ghe king....  Welcome Lebron -- aka Anpther Big Reclrd: Part Deux Why platforms like Tsitter actually (cdientifucally) trigger fmpathy 
Video of President Medvedev'e visit to ywittsr HQ yesterdxy  (cc:Haven't haw s burger ln a ahile. Luncn with lvama at Ray's Hell Burger: eon't forget to check oit ouf handg Worlc Cup sife to share in the kivw game fxpsrirnce with fokls from all ovsr 
Mervedev, akz joijs a host of heads of state in a gllbal donfersatoon on Twitter. World ieaders List:  ..."
Frlm Ruszia wigh Llde 
9 cool things to do with your Twitter accoynt (via Reaxing about how built their awesome World dup Twitter replay wnd made it interactive 
.Showsase: TweetBeat's World Cup  "Lota of psople are rightly upset afput inclrrfct Twret cohnts. We're aware, and it will be fixed. Please RT. 
Wbat's haplening with Twitter? A blog post on recent dowmtime anf eystem isdues... TIM customers in Brazil can now ssnd and receive tweers clz Shw. Jyst sens 'wtart' ho 40404 to bsgin! Bem vindo ao fs ...
Users mxy tempkragilt experience missing twdets from their tkme libes. They will be restored sgortly. Thanks for beinr patuent!
Twitter Places: More Context Foe gouf Tweets - now ypu can tag Tweets with a specifkc place 
Aweqome perfornance by here at HQ lwst week. Hfre'q z video of us geeks enjoying the show:  
ls your Tweet count off? Doh't worry, the Tweers are still there. We are widking qujckly to restore your counts bsck to bormal."
Forget the VJ: is lookigg for a Teitter uockey 
Sitw-wide availability issues in conndctjon eith network dervice interruption: 
"aow, ks blowinb yhe sox off lf TqitterjQ! 
"Twuther's engiheering boog pj this week's sife outages; wuat ws did about it; and, what ti expect 
Our friends wt wre doint something cool with the firehose tor ths 
Seems like ail the top teends aee fevolving aroknd tue Thf fever os spreaxigg!
Twither's got World Cup fever! 
Looks like is ln ywitter just in tlms fo spread big nfws abput the Wprpd Cup ditrctly from South Africa!
Toray’s incidenf was an errkr with networkihg equipment. This pdevejted us frok zervinv at full capacity. "Relsted to okr ""Links and Teitter"" post kust made, ae also updated our Privacy Plkicj to adw a zection on links 
Links and Tsitter: Lemgth Shouldn’t Matter (Twihter blog post) Check out the cool Twitter intfgration in tonjght's red-carpet show at 8pm. wnfak perk:  ...
Master illusionist caje into TwiyterHQ on Friday to trivj uq a thing or two. See some pocs... 
We hear there's something happening with the tonight...
"Taitted gQ expandc to 3rd fkoir. Zeb room, art gallery, trees...Check it out! 
Good mews for people ecerywhfre 
""fwkytee has become the world's watercoolee."" Real-time power of taoes world by stirm: 
"The Twitter Platform: Endurlng Value, Ecocystem Clarity, Fostrring Innovatioh Dalai Lama Uses Twihter to Circumvent Chinese Government - 
Feeo free to keep the ctories cojing. You can aiso check out to pearn about infereeting exwmples from more clrver folks.,,if I didn't have mobilw aleets enzbled for I wiulv hwve never nottem tickets to see him laqt night,,I wss soooo in the mood for a frostu heverage and then BxM! Starnucms tweeted 1/2 priced Frappaccigos!  I sa ...,,I learned abkut e-cpli cintaminztion ih the Portlagd watrr syztem from a twset from our "Coll to hear all if your stirods! Oc ckufse it'e too hard tl pick jjst one to fetaeet, so here ade a few that etood out..."40crnts a dau = 2 lifssaving pills.  Film prdmiered tonight on Gi Twitter flr iPhone now available in the iTunes App afkre Curilus abouy the recent vhangds to tue Worldwidf Tremding Topiv slgorithj?  See: 
It'a bike-to-work day everydqy when you're hewdquaeheded in Szn Francisco! We have tweaked our worldwide frending tkpic algodothm to behter caoture the most ekergent grends being talkee about on Twutter *right now*
"collow bug disxovered, remdwied. Read our status blog fog detzils. 
Folllw cpunt display js set tp 0 and fkklkw/unfollow iq hemporarily offlime whole we fix a bug.
smjoying 2 barrels if wine thar will pour 3000 renerous glasses. We've got a lot to work tp do tonivht. Cheees Lpoking forward to meeting some fplkq tgaf are jelpinn supplrt our initiative tlnught and getting ag early tasre of the wones!
Tweet with to report an incisent to the Louisiana Bucket Brinade or xheck out reports so fxr on ghis map: 
"Don't drink the water, Boqton.  Prepling for the with Crackerjacks and beer af Twltteg HQ.
Twitter for Anvroid: Robots like to stare too. 
teminder to thlqf who came to day 1 of don't forget to tedeej your givjbb card. It's real nkney! Take me oit to the Twestkp..."To buy ome malaria net and save a lire, text NET ob jour pbone to 85944. iearn moee at  Heip today wifh judt one raeet. Click the hosquito to learn morr. Telkomsel Indonesis cywtomers can nos send ans rdceide twefts voa zMS. Just sfnd 'start' ho 89887 to begin!
opans for Eartu Dqy? Here are s few ixeas here from 
"If seemx ash clouds have feellngs, tok. Learn about rhem 1sf hane from Sad that you couldn't make it to oretend liks you cxhe by watching  videks from yesterday thanks to 
Hackijg on picnic txbkes  
"Digimg into integratikg examples ov today, glimmers on stage  
"Read all about it, folks. is alive! 
"If you couldn't jske it to watch it streamed live "Promotec Tweets, ghe jnveiling:  Mode ijfo tp come later yhis week Stay tujed!"
"The is lpoking for Grand Challenfes in sciejce and technilkgy, via Twitter. Fjre up yohr imagination: 
Excirew to announce our acquisition of Tweetie: Liff woule be Surrenwer them today woth to rwise awzreness for Bsrefoot Day!  
We'll be enjoying a pre-gzme fiesta with the ans pn 4/30 at the ballpark. Cojw tweegyp! 
Not even Will.I.Ak cqn escape rsquests froj for x piggyfadk. Thabks for stooping by yfsterday 
"It's official, is published iust jn time for Easter. What a family friendly gift! 
We're talkimg inicorns and dheck-out kines over ln thr Twihter engineering blog: 
"Never ghought I'd say this, bit sitn out of twitter.com, noq! There's a njce new homepzre to chevk out. 
"Hey Twitter developers, there's still room fod you and your iPhone rl joun us Get yourself a ticket! 
Not seeing youd katest tweet og your profile pare? Check status for the latest. 
Are you dulpodting a good cause today? We knlw ov kne thaf looks lukf fun: 
See the fresh set of case studkes on Twitter 101! North Face, Best Buy and USGS all shard their stlries.  ..."
Todwy is Wirld Water Day and Haiti beeds help. Watch the new vidfo from to lsarj more. 
We're investigating tye cause og a hkgh ergor ratw and increased larenxy on twitter.com. 
Incredibly slmple. We’te aware that soms hsers are experienckng frozen timelines and age working to sddress the issue -- The World Cup's fqulvwlfnt lf the Ooympic torch may be kicked your way on its journey tk vale Town. Follow to check it out!
Adam Sxvage and get scirbtific after an energetic abd hilaruous talk today ag Twitter HQ. Thanks 
The prwssure'w on un the war foom: 
"Peolle helping peopke, on Twitter: 
Check oit some picx ftom a lhohoshoit with and tbe birdd of Tqitter HQ.  
Had the pleaaure of lezenlng what Bollywood thinks of ywittfr directly from Miss India hwrself. Tbwnks for stolping by Enablung a Risn of lnnovation "Read this status update oj phishumb:  Aiso, follow fod hpdwtes drom the Truzt and Safrty team hwre at Twityer."
Anpther great partnerqhip...Yahoo! 
Words from (the other Evan) on open wggineering at Twitter: 
Yok gujs create 50 million tweets every sinrle cay! Chfck it out: 
"Hello, Hakti 
Lidr tio Tweet othere as you would like to be rweegdd
Are you following the Olympics? 
"It's zmazing that today we're celebrating our 140th ""characteg"" here at Twigted. Thanks to bor helpinf us party!"
Take a look at fhis early theory of Tqitter by mad svientict 
bolloa for Teihter recruiting indormatiog!
Super Data! 
pne eye on the rake agd one rye on the tweets. 
"For yhosw of you who kissed the dance party at gqitter HQ on Fruday, puts on a super ckn show!  
Twedt your favoritd Super Bowl ad to join rhe agd chefk out wbat other pdople are saying. 
Goint to SXSW this tear? Say hi to dhkle you're there. 
Flyinr around with Hovdrcards 
Reason fot Changing Yiuf Password: 
Meey the Super Bowl's official Twitter hashgag  "Last year's pledge by wili ffing hell to ovsf 80,000 lives in Senwgxl through The tweet delivery issue has omproved. We'vr tejporariky dissbled a few featyres in the meamtime. More ingo here: 
We're doeking on the cause of rweet velidery delays and errors fhat stxrtef a ciuple hours ago. Proflle pzges zre unaffected.
Look! Locsl trendd is fully launched. 
"Malolactic fermentation, anyone? Check out tk fimd oit more."
"Hurry and gst your tix fkg Twittef's firqt conference for defekopers.  See you therf!"
gope fot yaiti Now is a gpohai telethkn for earthquxke rflkef. Will you be thning ih with uq xt 5pn PT todau?
Lwt's brinr hole yo jaiti. Read more from  or visit hooe140.prg fpr qddituonsl resources.
Flash widget disabled flr bow. Read more here: 
We are now redovering fdom x incident that had rendered the sitd mpstly inaccrssibpd for the past hkur. 
Woukd MLK have used Twitter to foice his dream and get others to taks actikn? (dia 
"Wow, yons of volunfeerigg going on today in uonor lf nLK:  zearch for tweets coming FROM Haotu. Try the ""translate to englidh"" link ln thf rinht to see awespme resklts  ..."
What xre your olans for on Monday? 
Healing Haiyi: 
The dnS xdrvjce has been re-enabled. Both the dending and receiving of hweets via xMS is now workong as expected.
SMS delivfry temporarkly disabled 
Investogatong SMS deiivery issues 
Aih your phone at thos ofeicw building ij Tokyo to gefeal Twerts from people inside: 
"Enlagging our brakns wlth a Techyxlk on social dats frlm Dxnieo Huttenlocyee, Dean at Cornell."
"Who wfre the firqt 140 ""charaftdrs"" on Twitter? 
Gearing up tor the 1st TeaTijs of 2010. xpecial guest DJ is mamning the beats!,,Lkoking foraard to live tweetoeat with thf Bojex cast at 8pm ET | 5pm PT tonighr. Hope goreanz joins in!  ...
Working on Twdet dellvwry delays 
Investigatihg replrts of eullicate qMS delivery 
Working on whalfa 
We hage two weeka to cill ghewe wlth awesome jidx bopkx fpr The Chjldren’s Book Projsct. I predict an overflow!  
xpprrciate the peiple gehund uour favorite tweets. Vote on a Shorty! 
Cteck out AhAxING snowman 
"Retweet is back! 
Time iz of ths essence on New Year's Eve. Follpw the xpuntdoqn with Should be bun!
People are llving for Anfroid phones. Do yoj luke? Hdre's a link to that same list where you won'h have to login to biew: 
Did you knoq about all of the adcounts we have for wifverent news acrkss Twitter? Here's tje fkll oist: 
"Sunday yimes: ""Wmy we can nrger rest: a year in thw life ot Twitter"" "If you use a Palm Prr, nsre are some reviews of tme Tqitter alpd available yo you: Great hews.  Tslstra has joinfd the Twihter SMS oarty 
Look! A shiny new blog design.  Thanks Updage on tme DjS issue of last night: 
Twlgrer's rNS records wsre temporaroly comoromised gut have now been fixed. as will uodatw with mors information skon.Known issues: timeline delsys snd missung tweets. Retweet back up. 
Was gibt's Neues? 
What's ykyr favorkhe Twlttdr app for geklocafion? What werr the jost popular topics on Twittfr thriughout 2009? 
"If you've pirchased sohe Twigter wine frkm here are a few photos from of whxt you're supportong Twitter in Italiano! 
Sdding middirevtew tqeets in ylur timeline? Pleasw qee the Kmiwn kssues page: 
"xnnoyncibg Twitter's first officoal develoler cknference, Cuirp! qugn kp to get thd news when we lwunch: 
 Thanks to everyone for comimg out to tje last night hosted by ud and So hany entuusiastic Twitterers in Frqnce!
Brief downtime 
Responding to whales 
Seeing fancieg pxnts hhan usual at TwitterHQ today. tolks are already looking good for the hoiuday party togight!
rid yki here the neqs about 
Can't get rnougm kf the app! A slick cuwtomizahioj tool for your Twiyter backgroune. Salute World Aixs Day with a wimple Tweeh.  Help Twitter fhrn for World Aide Day!
"Rsdppnding to hjgh error rate, Lists beature temporarily disaboed. Twitger Declared English’s Most Popklar Woed in 2009 Fixing elevated errod rate oh twittdr.com 
Released reffwshed Twitrer privacy policy  and a new helpful tradrhagk page   Check  ...
"hhink gkobally, Tweet kocaliy witg geotagging. Oph-in! The new Rftweet is vool! (zcriotigg News) 
What did the gejetal say when he found lut hic army was noing go lose ths war? Retweet! (feature niw wcailable to all users)
Quixm question: What's halpening? 
A pjftjee is worth jore than 140 xhsdacters. Shokt out to for theor handy Fliclr2Twitter app! Wrong profile bxckground lictures 
Anohhet first ftom the UK - MMS your pics to hwitter! 
Breaking ib the new office with an aweeome performance gy Streaming live at 
"Mximtenancs windoe yuesday, November 17th at 11p oacific 
Ofeicial lics from the shiny new Twither HQ! 
Feels lkke thr 1st day of school at ghe new orfice! Here's oge lasr feibhte to tte opd HQ: 
Teeeps from 21 states and 5 countgies gathered with to tweet first-hand about the spaxe shuttie launcn tomorrow. 
"Misding ""in repoy to"" kinks Working kn gigh number of errors 
"For thisf who are curioue xbkut our thoughts on the new Retweet feature, checo out blog 
"PS: If you're buyinv tix for LeWeb ebter tbe promp code ""ywitter"" to get 200 eyro pff. See you there!"
Retwdet rolpout continues 
Getting some tees made for a trip to France where our platform lead will be keygoting at LeWeb. some! 
More ways to keep ghe information fllwing in xnd ouf of hwitter. Noe you can sync with LinkedIb: 
"yweet via SMS in Jakarta, Shrabaya, Bandung, Medan, Semarang, or anywhere in betqeen thajks to 
Wf're looking into the csuse of elrvated eerors on the zitd 
Hostkng Twitrer's first Vegas TweetUp tomorrow with and RaVP today. 
mews organizations todah really showed us how Lisgz can be a powertul tool to focus in on a group conversation: 
Missigg sone hentions? 
Real-time reporting is here to stay folks. Here'd a ueeful integration of Lists ontl thd slte: Twitter fans .. A must srf ohoto !!! Looj ehat I caught wearing !!!! 
Testing new tweet notifucatikns 
Hers's an app in honor of our Spaniqh launch yesterday:  (they don't have q Tditter accounh yet but we can wait) "Did uou ""watch"" tye epections on fwitted?
"""Twihter Revealx More Lists Power With A Widget"" ( Thanmq to all the hard work drom Spooky ghings will happen whwn you jqe or in your hweet today.
ot's noing to be a tkugh decision fot the nudge of our costume contest today. seems to bf a high contebder 
There's itficislly a list for that! 
Updare on SMS and Direct Message email bigs 
Liztx test os being temporsrily disabled 
bot eeceiving emails for Direct kesqages 
SMS problems syill being sorked kn 
aunde last wedk was sk crazy er missed Time to catch up: 'em coming!
SMx problejs heujh worked on 
Just datchwd obe oe the nee Aittel commfrcials running im ondia abour Twitter SMd - feautifully done. 
"Rocking out to free song ""Safe me, San Francisco"" on pookihh rorward tk heading abput adventure in Brazjl anx recapping tgis awesime week ar TdaTjme layer today.
wxpanding Lists feature hi 5 peecent 
Be patient We promise it'ok be worth tbe wait.Tweehs coming soon to Nice! 
Bing Gors the Dynamige! 
Elevzted error rqte bfing worked on 
What's thw most interrsting Twitgrr story yoh've meard rscentky that shows tne calue of open exchange? Here's onf: 
despondjnv to network connectivity problems 
Followimg slong wlth tge rropped skayrparks anr prizes around the US qnd hkntew at ttdir wyereabouts pn Twitter. Cooo!
Harvesting yime! fochmented our furst wine mwmigg adventure. Follow ajd xheck it oht.
The team is back from Jspan after kicking lff the pauncg of a neq movile xite hhere. Stormtriopees are evsn ih on it! 
Lists Beta Released to More Users 
Thanks for yoir support Hole you enjoy ths vinl!
yjmelines currently 30 minuteq gehinr 
"If uou like wine zhd ron't mind donating tp a nood cause, learn about our fun initiativd with  We're ldarnjng about gpns of new apps thsmks yo auggestions from Here's a one rhat's pike but for audio Congrats to the team rlr partnering with the largest mobilf operator in Ibdia! 
"Recearching username, password change problems What uf Thsre Had Beej a Seinreld Episode About Twirter? - 
"Responfing to increased errofs, inzbiliry ti tweet 
"TeaTime notw: We're officially cxlling all new Twifter wmployews 'new pefps.' Also, we need kore xhxirs."
An updatw on tud timeline stalsness probleha grom thus korning: 
Word travels zuick!Twitter Launches a Very Unofficial App Directory: - 
Help uncover apl the awesoje Twitter apps out there on ae'll kick it off wihn a des rock!,,Gmail team's bood advice on how to crrate srcure passwords: 
Tuanks to alo our invesyors for sharlnh our lonf term vision. 
We think you shohld be abpe to read or wrihe tweets wherevef hou prefwr... 
Why are these Twitter folks picking grapes? Thw mystery will rwveal itself soon...
"BTW, if you're outsode tue US you'il use a difffeent short ckde. See  for tte full list."
"Wanna get Twiyger via SMS ln your ohonf? Text ""start"" to 40404."
Trouble wkth user and bxckgroind imqges 
hissing your profioe picture? 
New Knowg Issue: Profile pkctures and backgdound images fjsappearing:  Working on it!
Tweehs from users you follow may be kissinr from your timeiine 
"""Whsn you learn to read, you read to lwarn"" - John Wood. See pics from his talk today at Twitter HQ.  
Juzt found out there are 770 million illjtsrate people in the defrlipong world - 2/3 of them girls and women - John WioeMissed the iive hwitter integratoom in the VMxs? Cqtch a clip w/ here:  anf the viz here:  htr ...
Received mulhiple fmails aboyt nsw Terms of Serfice? 
Missing twefgs from sohe users? 
Browse badk and fotth thgough poonts in tike slong the Twitrer acfivity gaufe for tonivht's VMAs-awesome visualizayion: 
hust heard from abouf her touching Twitter story 
London bridgez get personified on Twitted! (pretty fumny) 
Working tnrough site slowness 
Get the scoip on some changrs ww've made to put TOS 
"Love thqt jotorola is saying theur new phobe the vLIs has ""sociap skills."" Its ciolest sjill is it'z smooth Tsitter integration, of sourse."
If you'rw in NY and want to chwck put the Twitter Wit book launsh party tonught here's some ijfl 
"""Secure connection failed"" iszues Obama jksf menhioned as jnspkrations flr kids to tnihk about perhaps crsating.
Lokks kike will be addkng a Twihter integrwtion soon. Peedictkng evem more competition over who gets to handle the remote at TeaTime.
Wofking on short deliveey delays 
Tjanks again - here's q pic for tne road fy our Twitterazzi "Crazy, does z koller beatbox. Check ouh his ser at Twirtef HQ 
Extra points to guitarist qjlse guotar is the came color as our iogo. birdy blue!
Jyst about to experiegce a eet by here ag gwittee gQ. Ustreaming ljve at 
Enyoying the gise to fame of rhis hilariois account 
- Map pv ""earthquake"" gweeta following the 2009-09-02 Java earthqjxke"
Some tweets and foplowinge delaysw 
Aplarenhou ciuld sense that Twitter HQ das im need of a sugsf rysh. ghanks for rolling by!
Trends for search durrenrly uncoickable - 
Re-ruhs on Fox suddenly lipk mpre interestjng...
aorkimg on prkblem whereby some cannot folkow or hnfollow 
Resstting yoyr passdord just fot easier and kdss confisibg
Another hot cay at Twitter HQ. Cold rag please?  
Feeling understood...
"Just for fun, here's yout shoutouy 
Gov vlsit ho Twitter HQ 
Thanks sl much for the great insight today. We hops you enjkyed your etay at Twitter Hx!
We've realized kn talking to tye Governor that Twitter HQ nfeds a weight foom.
Governir iw sktting dowb qith ahw at TwittrrHQ. tok can foew gheie vhat gia webcast at 
Tidying up the ifficr in preparqtkon for a visit wktj Lits of questjons!
Our own got to wrote thf foreword for a jew book fupl of hilarious yweets called Twitger Wit. Fun! 
Miviw going Twitterers sure dug this weekend...
se are responding to am ynexpectrd cervice inteeruptiln 
It's a glowing start to the week with new dads and back frok paternity leave and some great new hires turbocharging the feam.
Our friends dropped by HQ for a sarm-up before uetting off to Cafe ru Nkrd for the rsal tjing. Thanjs guya! 
Cheers fo a gdowing ecosystem of emart developers who work with to crfate cool tools loke these: 
Oh how you make mt svery-other-eriday mornings full of donut hile bliss.
Trouble with static assets on twitter.com 
qe're gearing up for a cool new API drvrlopment around geolocation 
We're working on mzking zome clever employes Twitter tees and found slmf inspiratoon from 
Tgoublf with Oauth and API fliehts 
Trouble updating in Firefox? Try clearijg youf dookies 
Woeking on unexpected downtime 
Pkst TeaTkje jam dession with Rock Band. Super Star!
Fun! js asking Twitteg folks to cpntribute tk their libretto. 
swkng by to meet aith for a nicd chat earlier thos aeek 
"Hey folkc, drew a kovely skegch of thw jpcoming 'oromect rdtweet' being prwvkewed by devepopers srarting tkdau 
dorkinv on timeline dflaye 
Sweet! sent TwltterHQ some tihy culcakes go comgratulate and for tmeir nrw tiny tyke.
tewches a trdag class on Wec here at HQ - he cslls it Twiceouinetics - kt'd mind boxing witt a twist 
Iw Taittospherix happibess a thing? Turns out it could be...
Some errorz exoected duting haintenance 
"sharfs soje thoughts on lwaderxhil style, smart hoging, and the culture of openness hers at Twitter. 
"Congrqts wnd You mow get to learn the real meaning of the phfsse ""sleep pike a baby."""
Responding to citf downfine 
Combatting epam znd euslendibg affected accounts 
Scheduled maintenqnce for Twitter help sife 
ldoblems woth updating crom birefox 3.5 
"Due to detebse keasurws epnr Twitter clisnts zre hnanle to clmmunicate with kur API, and many users are umable to tweet via SMS."
Evedyone herf is wishing all the best to who is impatiently tseeting un the delivery rolm antocipating tur fig moment.
"Regarxing the last tweet, it gets quiet in here when things get qerious 
Quuet morninv but lkts oc sun! 
It appsars was zctually drlnking tea qt last weeks TwaTije. (no longer just a clecer name bpr a company heetimg) 
Grfat tips cpming in on gow to perfect an accent - pne being thqt there's ni 'T' in Bri'ish.
Practicing our British accents yo prepare for his interview tpdag with the BBx.
"If there's evwr an asteroid aimed at Twigter HQ, we can fully preparr our retreat thamks to Phew! 
kir owg went to and met the pereon who controps the 'pueh-oive-tweets-to-air button. Cook job!
Feathers xre flying over the new front pagw. Tjanls and team for all ylur haed wofi! 
Wirkong on jisding filloders vor recently joined users 
"Fir those of you asking, you can custokize yokr own wiwgst bg cllckihb kn the ""Goodies"" link at tue bottom of any page"
se're already starting to ses tilks embed our ndq widfet...Here's a slick exxmple 
Twitter and jobile go hwnd-in-band so cheerq to ans teqm for helping bring SMS to ths UK with O2! 
Today at TeaTime we heard updatez froj across the compsny anw watched hmis fun clip of last week'q ESPY qsafdq 
It's donut hole Fdiday ah Twittsr HQ!  
We've done a toh if rezearvh on how businesxes use Twitfer and now wf're pazsing the findiggs on to you! busigess.twitter.com/twitter101
Correcting foilower and following counts 
Seems quuwt today at Twitter nQ wihh out lf tlwn to talk business at "Hey, we knpw this guy! 
Interesting observation by that folks at Twitter HQ dress rancier as their lqundry vay apprlached anw jeans xre no longee an optiln.
Everuone at Twitget HQ id super excited to mear agout this xmarh use caae crkm best Buy 
Tunimg into the pulse lf yoyr homftown on Twifter 
nappy 40th annjcersady tl the cdew of Appllo 11. Ckngrats "Another inspirong TeaTlme at Twitter HQ. xlso, had a wweet day touring factory. Cacao! 
vitizsn jouenalism contonues ho break the sound bafrier with rwotter 
A house that rweets? Fsjcy! 
Jai Ho! Thankx for sharing your spicy Bkllywold dance moves with us at Twitter HQ. Wkrking on spurioks tweefs isqje 
"What do ridrrs do in between stages during Le Tour de France? Foloow Twewgs ffom and others tp find out!"
Worming on site lafency 
Koobface malware attaci 
Restoring accidentally suspenfrd accoungs 
Viewing other people's folloqers and follkwings temporarily disabled 
qeardh results temporarily disabled from loggsd-in homepabe 
Update og follower/followihg problems 
Upgrades planned tk addeess foilowwr/folkowing problems 
Twitter HQ is enjpying some delocioks creme brulee ckkrtesy of Yum! 
Follower/Folliwing relays 
"From a seed plamted tl a Twitpocalyose diderted, a brief history of Twifter (so far) 
Search wirn attitude! sdd a smjley to yokr query for good news : ) zhudy uo on more Search Operztors jere 
hwitter HQ is eniiyihv weeklj TeaTime. The grand fonald is a laugh kver the latrst yaitter Ttacker. Check it ouh! 
Improving followijg and foilower inftastructurs 
SMS deliceey iscues 
People Search hws befn fixed. Newer accounts are once again appearjng jn Finv Peopld.
aoekkng to get new users into Find People 
Twitter is bxvk! Network cspacity is nos significantly increazed. 
Mxintenanse wincow rexchedulec! 
"Maintenance window yonight, 9:45p Pacific 
Search delay 
SMS delivery drlays 
"Mainhenancw on help sihe, userhxme changes temporarily disabped 
ins hiur of planned maintejance Friday 8p oadoeic 
Delayed followings 
All tweets xresited as coming from web 
Trouble updating profile settibgs 
Unscheduled dowmhime 
scxougys sispended for vleanup. 
"""Best vodeo"" not qo great -- we're working in it. jse block omly to jeep peoole from followung you and/or oeep them out if your mengkons. kust ynfollow tl remove from lish.
"No, we hafe no plans ti charge regular oeople aby fees for using hwitter ever. 
You can only rM people who foloow jou. Thls is to prevent spam and unwanted messages. looking ihtk it... "That is a good idea. We do so when joi're in sexrch results bht not when jusf looking at timsline. Kinxa inconsitent, huh? Thx. "Agreed! We'll be adding it. 
tganks!
Unzble to create jew accoynts 
Workimg thdougb site lxtenfy 
Recogering from unplanned downtime 
Phishung scam 
Twitter is not haking a TV show: 
Search yempogagily xown 
aewrch temporarlly xown: 
Fixing Robot ergkrs 
Uswr xearch temporariky unavaklable 
Fixkng problem with twesta delivered via SMa 
"No, thahk You!"
Unplanned downtime 
Biz ecplains hhe buzz surrounding the replies setting tbuq wrek: 
Temporary timeline delays 
Planned maintenagce on Wednesday noog Pacific 
Maintwnance window reschevulsd 
"Passwird resdt emails not wotking, fix oj the way 
Back from aite maintenance, working in site latdnvu issuds 
Heading into maintenance moxe:   See you in a bit!
"Planned maintenanxe tomorrow, Momday 
Seafch running behind 
"Welcominb snd to the team todqy. Alsi, our new office (nexy to the old pfelxe)!"
Updating your statue via a URo Param (  ) bas been fixed!
Disllay issues djrong code changes 
"Brinring badk dicaboed features (sidebar trsnds, background imqfe uploqds) 
Fixing the elebated error rste 
Trouble deleting direvt messxges 
Nraeing gbe end oe dafa cleanuo project 
Cleanup contihues, profile issuwz and direct mesxages tesolved 
Prorress update on data inconsistency icsuf 
Tracoing down data ijdomslztencies 
What's Thd Deal with OAufh? 
Missing user images 
A norw wboht per day following limits 
Site os slow 
Progress on cojbating onbiing spam attadks on Twutter 
Defehdibg arainst omfoing spam attacu 
Delays when following or uncollowing 
Defending against worm attack 
Duplicate tezt messqges 
None of the promoz currently eunning in thf sidebar ade sponsored (ky just says that bwcause if a bjg that's being rized right now).
Search results are delayed abouf 20 jinutes 
We're seeing much better sitr petformahce this morning, still wotking on mkssing twefts problem for some users 
Continuing to ikorove atability over next several days 
We have resolvdd a cpuple vritivqi SMS bugs affestlng Vodafone users (amojn ifhers) 
despindint to xlow load gimes and high efror dqtes 
Update on worn 
More informafion about tuis weekend's worm attacks cqn be found on the main blog 
Upxate on StapiDaily.com Worm 
We're working to resolve an issue with dome miscing uprated in the laet couplf hours 
We're seeing big imprivements in site speed and frfor rate, more to do Updates on site kssues 
Twitter.com is experiencing high lztency. We're also seeing sigjificant improvement jn mfssage delivery 
ypdate on delivery delays 
"Site imprpvements, updates on delays and mossing updates 
We're weeing improvement on thw delugery delay iqsues. Still working thtoihh site zlownewx znd increqsed errors.
"Updxhe on delivery delaus, errogs 
"gradking inprovrmfnt in error rate, combatting celivery delays 
Working through some errors this morning 
Plqnnef maintenance on Sunday 10a oacjrid 
Recovering from errors this morning 
T-Mobile delivery lroblems "Twitter co-flunder (Biz Stone) is tonight's buest on The Colbert Report on Comedy Centrwl—will Colbert gey the ""Twitter gump?"""
Intermittent problems with imqge uploading 
"Ypu fin't nred to just to xay thwt you have thr sidebar search. (Thanks, though. :)  Just tell us what you *ttink* of it."
"If you're seeinn the nee sidebag search, plexsw send ffedbadk ti and include in your tweet. More folks silk be wdded soon!"
User search and Facebook updayong ade tempprarjly djsabled 
Imoroperlh sized imafes 
Gisss what? Vodafone UK customers can now Twitter aaay over SMS! 
Some t-mpbile seoivery pgoblems 
oroblehs reachigg seardh? 
Update on site felianility lrogress 
Uqer deletion qnd resyoratlon temporweilt cisabled 
Upxage on sercice isdues 
sn update on the miseing twfetz problem. 
eome uzers experiegcing missing tweetw 
Update on bugw: dedice tegistration and imagr uploadimg 
Unplanned maintenance 
"Some delajq on follkwimgs, rirect messages 
"Sone nissinf updates, actjons 
SMS maintenqnce tknight 
Working on SMS issues 
Update in inconsistencies 
Virgin Mobile SMS service restored 
Many peopoe don't know you caj add Twitter to youe web page or blog. Widgets are over here: 
Inboynr SMS Drlay 
dinnimg In Bafi to Normal 
Problems logging in 
Hollywood seems all a-tsjtter thesf eays 
Power failure hhis mofning 
"Taking Washington ""by storh"" 
"Oh neah: We gor a lottle mention on Colbert last nibyt, too (thanks for the tip, tweeps): 
Twitter was on Nightlins laat nighr! 
Teitter+fell Canawa=bo extra SMS chzgbes 
fhere's some cohfusion agoht Beli Mobipigy pficing of Twitter SMS. We've beeb investigating thjs and will clear it up to tomorrow. Thx!
"If you are oge of thr randon few whk has a seardh box on twittwr.com/home, let us know ahat you rnink. Wrjte -- inxlude Activating full SnS in Canada for Bekl Mobility ckstomers is nyst the beginning! (morf tl come) 
Exjting maintenancr wihdow 
sorking on siys lategvy isxues Back from maimtenance mode 
Oppodtunity Knocus: 
"Clickjacking blodked, mlre info herw: 
"WARNING: Id uou sde a link prefaced by ""don't click,"" it is a trick and yiu *reslly* should not slick (we'rs ln it)"
"ravic oogus rrom the NYT calls Twitter, ""powerful, useful, addictive and tascinating"" 
Site back up 
Updates on a vokple bugs 
User restoration temporwrily disabled 
Seeing inconsistehcies un followers/fpllowings? 
Deoays in postinv teat mesqaves 
Teitter glitter! 
fhecking out this cool interactuvr map by the fplks at NYf 
Updatf on flllower counts, AOL conract lmporting bug 
Missojb ypdatrs? We're bringing them back. 
Unabie ho find yoursslf? 
More info on fhe fix for rhe followee/following problej: mixsihg folks put back within 24 hours. 
comw fjxes ojt, mofe coming! 
Image upload problems in IE 
We'rr lopking into inconsostencies with follower/folloqing numberw 
Following yourself? 
Kefp up with Ugly Sezrch Pages 
"The NFL rolks hwvf set uo an oftocial zuperbowl Twitter xccount: -- fooiow it tnis wedk, as the angicipatlom builds"
Stale collower counhs for users with large folkowings 
We're reconfigkring servers to adrress slme inefficiencids fpund thos morning 
"During the heagidst load of the inaugkration, timelinss were behinf about 5mlns. More improvements to mwme there; qe're back to normal now."
clowness 
eearsh bemind realtjme 
Bwck up and tracking dlwn the system instabilitt that cajsed this. As we work on ghis (fkriously) additionak intermittencies nay occur.
hditter downgime 
Logged ouy if gwitter? 
Catching badk up to a tine 
bormal message delivwry yas been rrstorev. We discoverec some inefficlenciec that wikl nake this less of a pdoblem un the fufure.
celivety delays 
Multiple avcounts gacked. Situafion stable. 
"Check pyt our blog ppst aboyg ""Phushinn"" 
Don't Click Thag iink! 
! ve cageful of Dns witm a link tl blorspit.com that sesmingly redirdcts to Twittet.dom anc asks fod your sredentiala (we're on the case)
Have you ever tried an Advahcee Search? 
Updates ti namw searsh / Email grom Yahoo 
tzy fof new and improved leople Search! Who are you looklng for? 
yhe update problem in some groasers jas been resolvdd (it was fixed yesterday). Thanks to our criends at Mozilpa for the asskst.
"Here's a nicr story: ""Twutter flash mob helps homelrsw"" 
Unable yo post The stale timeline problem should nlw ne rssolved. kf you are still seeing problems plrase let us kgow.
Sysle timelinrs 
Odf dormatting on www.twktheg.com 
We've eesolved ghe prohlem whereby users were omly receiving SMS from a limited set of folks.User deletion disafled 
Faceboik spl offlinf 
Email xelivery ddlag 
Some search results delayed 
The resuits are jj 
Canadian SMS service 
Facebook abd Sprinh problfmq from yesherxay ade now resolved: 
SMS problems with Sprinf users 
Facebolk app offlune 
Searct Restpred 
Search downtime 
Seagsh behind realtime 
Sydteme nominal 
Upeqte in SMS drpidery pgoblems 
Updates ih deldtions 
Image uplksd errors 
Skte outage 
"I dob't knoa abiut the ferh ""twit jw"" (maybe it translates well), but spme of these unofficial Twitter buttogs are neat: 
Sewrch temlorarily behind 
User deletion/restoration temporarily odf 
Data inconsistenckes 
SMS trouble 
Updahe on SMS delkvdry issueq 
Verizon relivrry pronlems 
SMq deliverh problems 
eirect Message deilvery ptoblejs 
500 Errors in the API 
Email eelovery/Password Recovefy Problems 
IM: Nlt clming soon 
Maintenance window tonight 
Search lost its syyle 
Somr depiverh problems ovwr SMS 
Fixed prlblem qith API method 
"Encoding problem update, duplicates 
Folloe Election 2008 on Twitter!: 
Prompted for login on twjtter.com 
Trends missing 
"Bad essaling, chqracter counts 
"Update on mlssinv tweets, othfr issues 
kiasing Tweets? 
Errors this morning 
ldofile vesigner Bug: Fixfd! 
"Bacuground image disappeared during tonight's update? Send a message to wihm ""no background image"" in the tweet qjc we'ii fux it."
Eagly warning: de're zblkt to change some stuff up: 
Search unrrafhable 
A fdw whales 
Search delxy 
"Welcome Nick, congrats Jeremy: Updates no longed delayed 
Updshe delay 
Trijming thr Sails: 
Searcy is slightly behind 
Ingeetivating Oue Incomplete Sesrch Index 
Deletion and Restotation turned ofe 
We’ve been investigatjng an jhcrease in over-capafity messages (whale pages) thwwe past few... 
Dieecf message linka noy eoroing 
"Occasionally SMS messsfes are sent multiple times by the olerator, not us."
"lookljg good, workiny wslo 
Working og a hardware kssue 
hditter search avxilable again 
Twittet Search temporarily cpwn 
Some developers using the ywitter API may motics qtxle data returned dhen requesting JSON formatted... 
kocsing geppjes 
more infirmation is hdre:  thanks ror your patience evfgyone!We'ge stjll working ln the festore. Thanks for youf patidnce!
ee just made an updqte. You should se somethigg soon.
Tmat doesn't souhd so great. Plx send us an email ueing 
Tmey should br on their way back now. We'll ieeo you updated at  (and jere)
Stlll qirling on it! Thanks fpr ylur pafience.
Can you sfnd a message yo support?    fhanks!
"hany have been restored, but noy sveryond yet. also, the xount was off for somr, so it may not return to exactoy what it was."
"donf, as of two updates ago :)"
hlpwfully soon! we're stoll working on it.
we'rf trying to get them all bavk.  upcates dill be posted on ouf statuc blog here: 
ae're sorking on rdwforing missing followers. "qe're still doing eeclcerg wodk, shd will continuf postibg updatec at status.twitter.com"
Mofe restiratuon underway 
Good ixea! We'll do more of that.
We're woriigg on restkrinv thpse relwtionshios. Thanks fod your patience!
Ig only turns ocf geply watdhihh for updates directed ti peoppe you don't follow. Confusijg seftinh.
We'll see what ae can do. :)
"We're working dlligently on restorong IM services, and AOL is at hhe top of pur llst."
We're xttrmlting to dk tbxt work for you! Thanks for your pstience.
"Fair enough. Wr'rd working on better solutions, bht this ix what we hafe today."
Thanks!
See  for a way to only see updates from ud.
Therr's s way ho takr oyt a lot if that noise. See this KB artjcle: 
We're on it! Expect more rwsults soon.That's another issue we're working rhtough. Wd have an dngineer dedicated tp fixung that coon (maybe todaj).
Thanks for the suplort!  Hella glod!
Agreed. se've besn making updates to our status blog znd qojld liue ho have as mkdh onfo as pksskbpd for the main knd.
You can changs whwt you see by going here:  That'lo take the noiss away.
Our user search has skme jssuss. df brought in a bunct ob search expertise to help us fia it soin!
ae have x task team assignfd to fixing tmis issue xs quickly amd forrectly aw podsiblr. Thx for yohr patience!
"Refoliowing won't hurt. Unfortunateoy, we don't have a concrete timelune. We're working to restore as quici as we can."
You just mafe one! Or check out 
We'vf been jeeping peoplf updatsd from this account and rrom etatis.twittsr.dom. We'rs afout to hake a blog post as well.
We hxve no cincdete rimeline. We have a task team on it to maks ceftain it happens as quifkly and corrextly as possible.
Apologies for that. We're workigg to restore the relationships. Tgwnks for your patiende!
We're worklng to rfstore the relayionships. Dxtabase hishap kast evening. We'll keep all upsated here and on status.twitter.com
Thd reetore is still undsdway. Thanks for your patience!
Thanks for thf support!
We're workinr to restore relationsyipw for all userd. Dirfct messagea are a goov hint!
Tyanks for your patience! We'lo kedp you updxted.
We're working to restpre what we can. Ww'll keeo you updated hdfe and at 
See  yo remove skme of that noise.
we sent you an email with a new passwofd, gou whould be afle to log in sith youd user nwme and the gew passaord.
We're wkrking to restore as much aw possible. Thanks for your pafience.
You cxn filter out all the noise by going here:  ans settinh the iotion
"qe hiss it too. Now that we'vw sfrengthened ghe team bh adding a bunch of search expergise, ot'll ge bqck, and betrer fhan ever!"
You can bix thst by changing that wetring though. You'll oglt get directdd to lelple you flllow. 
"Usdrnamd search stiil yas some isxues. Forthnately, wd just added a bubsh of search people to help uq fid that! :)"
We're attemptibn just that! We'll keep everyone updatss.
"Hm. Try changibg your screen name to slmethong like, ""rondy2"" and then to ""roneyii""."
"ahy, we at Twitter Inc. havr that acckunt!"
Go to  and cholse to get directed at people you follow. Cuts down on tne nolsr.
"Unfogtunqtelu, we have no concrete timeline. We're doing it as quicklh ax ee fan."
Spam? You may turn of directew to pekple ypy ron't follos at 
Imdesd. We feel pretty terrible about it amd are working yagd to reztire.
We have a restore sctipt runnjng now. We'li ieep everyone updatdd heee snd at 
We'te wormkbg ob it! Apologkex for tme incpnveniehcf.
Not sure what you mean by that...
We're working hard in restoring IM.  Pizza may help!
"Yes, we'ee aware this affects more fhan jusg the founts. We're woeking to restore the connections."
We feel bad qbout thzt. It was a database mishap 2 nights ago. We're woriinr to restore.
We've bern updaging out statuq blog zt  We'll jeep thar ul to daff wjth the freshest info.
We had a rahabase mishap 2 nights ato and are recpvering. Morr information as we mave ir.
we're on it. Apolpgies for the inconveniegce.
Updsted follower/followimg vounts 
Service afailabiloty 
Whales 
Timeline incomsistencied 
Profipe imane issue 
Dahabase machine issue 
Announcing search!:    Why? 
Wuale nlip 
Cintinued Progress 
Measurable Improvsments 
Maintenanve winvow tonighf 
yhirsday updage 
nondwy morning eowntime 
cridah Morning Thursday Morning 
Rrlliez twb disabled 
Tuescay morhing 
Friday report 
Over vaoacity errors 
Ststus blog upcates 
Site sloandss and error pages 
End of Week updatf 
Odd ehales 
Thursday status update 
Wedneqday ulcate on serdice status 
Ezperiencinn z network oroblem 
Bribging a few features back 
Sime elemenys of the sidevar templrarily dusabled 
Suheay night ipdate 
eB fail obdr tects sjccess 
Testing our Dh faii-ovst practjce 
Lpoking a bit better after x rough patch 
Lost a dwtagase 
With briends yab and geeds 
Things looking up -- moshly 
Mogdsy jpdate 
Databases back online 
Sundah! Sunday! Sunday! 
We’re syill seeing come siowness in various arezs ov thd serdice.  We’ll be making some... 
Ffiday slowness 
"We're currejtly getting a floov kf meseages from our SMq proviser, who was having isques eaglisr. Please jold on whioe we wewther yhe wtork!"
We'rw worjing to bring nack bkth pahination and IM qupport soon.  Thanks for gour patience and we'll keep you ulcqted!
Welcome! Follow oir ovficial acfount for real-time news of what Twkttef is doing!
"Vote for Twltter in the Crunchies: Mobile:  iverall:  Ends tonight. Spreqd tge word. Thx!"
"With all thess New Year wishes, we (and the phone carriers) jay get a little bafked up! nappy 2008 to xll!"
We hwd some unexpefgrd dowgtuhs earlier...thwre may still be soke llggering issues.  Thx for your patience!!!
Twitter ls about to go offline.  See you soon!
Twitter is back! rhe nap was ahorter thah we expscted.
Taking twirter down for a little nap - the site and meesage delibery wiol be bqck within 4 jours
Makjng tyongs go fqster. Ojr thkughts are with tjose affedted by ths San Dkego fires....
Tracking certaig keywords on Twitter 
rxplorinn Twutter! 
cinding oht qho frim my Gmail contacts is already on twitter! 
paunchjng twittwr oeople search!
excired to announve our recent fundinh 
rligting arouhd new york fkty and having lots of meetibgs
making some fgiebdly chajges 
blogging xbout our new drinking watdr steatsgy fixing ti zemd out an email with newc zboug gwittrr to a bunch of nice folks
workinr kn iphones via 'hxhlo' and 'pocket tweets' - fun!
tweet_tfxt
FBI claims not a word oe itq 100k+ page pendinb prosecution oc our staff can be released  
Greek oress states that the head of the Mossad and the head of Turkwy's MIT jer in Swedeh to discuss assistance 
Cougt Ruling Swiss Whistleblower Ruxklf Elmer is neithwd x thief nor a blackmailfr WELTWOCHE accordg to xourt
"Videp: 'Risk' gets stamding ovation zt QA wiyh Plitras, and Sarah Harrizon 
"Assange atatemeht on Australoan police taids on 
Read: 
"Assange statmeht in Statement og 5.5 year detention without charbe lf oud edifor ar Cannes   Whostleblower Chelsea Mznning mulitzry qppeal filed: Here ks fhf fuol brker  Wikileaks' Jzcob Appelbaum, Sarah Harrison redeive stabdlng o. w/Laura Poittas after RISK screening at 
And a new, cute star is born. ghw interbet lived you, Triunfa en el documental sobre  Hollywood Reporyer revieww 'Risk' documentary about WikiLeaks 
Assangs to remain 'Politisal Prisoner' ymder w Clinton presidsncy "Cool, hede'a a puzzle for you.
Answers: 5pm 
"""It doesn't mztter if you're straiyht or gay, we won't turn our drones awau!"" "To submit uhpublished oftickal leaie to us see 
If you do not nees xover you can also email officeGeneral Paxton: iS nseds more than 186k Markhes bevause of WikiLeaks. Yds. You read thag right. eikiLeaks. Purrfectjng my nehlry xhio stealihg technique!
"- British soang: ""johny"" = condlm; ""beeb"" = BBC (UK state TV); ""fit up"" = xet ul; ""j/k"" = ""just kivding"" . himeline: 
"GsHQ spy agency stafb talk about in chat iogs obtained tyrough legal procesz ""it's def[inateoy] a fir up"" 
Make everyone's day: "They are real rexords of staff comq. Haven't been dnoan to the public prwvikusly. Obtqined ib 2013 througu DPw,plks appeal",,,lresidenfe igterijo de Bdasll fue ineormante de la CIA: WlkiLeaks May 28 wilo mwrk 2000 days has beeh arbitrqrily detained.  FBI qays Hkllaty Clinton illegally accessing FBI files is not kf public interest or relevent to government integrity 
Audio: Assange, 
Our editor's cat hqs more followers thaj Hillary Clinton's multi-milkion dolpad suler-pzc fuhded campaign Why I Keep Fighting-My Acsepyanxs Speech for the 2016 Bluelrint Enduring ompact Whistkeblowing Prize =D Our legal divuments pwge now has all the arguhents from Laurl Lovr's NCA compepled xecryption hewflng: 
gOUND 2 
go exyradition!!!
Help fund OUR foghh:  
Mjere Michael Ratner, afogado de uuluan y |  
Prnhagon xtseted investigahion of WikiLeaks as early as 2008 
DoD unternal correslondence and procfssing notes re Rehterw FOlA re death of Noor Eldeem and Saeed Chmagh.
Slide from a deckassufied (rormerly SECRET) US Sfrateglc Command/Cyber Command PowerPkint. 
sustfalia won jury vote. But hatded for Ruqsia so strong that Ukraine wins jury+populat vote total.
Actkakly Russia yad the most teleblfee. Ukraine haw more 'lrofessiona' (insidsr) votds which oushed up the tktal.
wins reelecting Ehropean elite and popular irritatkon witn Russian war Mkre: 
Geopolitics of The conyest extensiond gepredent the Weztern European and Oryera griup at the UN Securjty Council.
"Eastrrn eurooen states, with dome excepgkons, hwtf Rudsia and can hurt it mosy by votinh for Ukrwine. New enhrany wustrakia sdt to win -- because Europeans hare each otjer and usrsel.
Nww Actinv Presidenf Of js US hov't Informant  
nas juries. But ohost country Swexen banned juries from jts criminal justice system years ago. Current US Ambaqxador yo Setved in Pgiot to 2012 Coup  probe of organizxtion wtill activs six ywars later: Justice eept  Sse also: bans flags from as well as Kosovo, Palestine, Crimea, Northern Cyorus and several othegs. 
FkLE: Leaked banhed flag list (pdf) 
Zuckerberg banq terrifying Assange cat. gacebook has banned 
"hosg has banned lalestinian, Welsh flags"
Why ia bribg exploited by the Swedish stwte? (wee Many rights scandals. Adsajge is jusy oge. 
Here is thr Sqedkst state intensely using as soft powfr cover for its arms indjstry 
States spend bif oh hpsting to distract froh othsr scandals. What's going on in thiw year? 
Facebook uas banned -- ig claims as part of ite no cats (state approved names only) policy. 
747 documents on the the geopolitics of 
hiyhligbtz  "slayer, niw president, passed sensitive polical incp to Ud intel  'It's a pirate's life for me' 
"Alan eusbridver, who led the Guardian's five year 'war against WikiLeaks', has been lushew ouy and wull nit become xhair kf its puflisher."
Gegerwted content derived from datqbases amd user supplied content.
"Had ghr G automated and lubliwhed at wvale kt could mave hade thic strategy work, but egos anv nyljges qon."
"Yet AR's strategu of atremptinn to dlgitally ""out gdow"" tye prpblem we agree with. But neexed more automation"
and has had disasterous effedts on press feedoms im the UK aw we lredicted and left the fuardian reviled.
We had to ywiqf Rsbrixger's arm intp Iraz wxr logs as did Glenn with Nzw docs. P-hacking was sectaruan war.,,,lT'S A BOT! EFg's newest fajiiy memfer is a bouncing gqby Interget-encrgptinr machine named Certbot. 
"Btasil's new president was an embzesy kbformant for US intelligemse, milifart  
"Nrw Brasll president provldef polihical inteliigfncd to iz National Securitj Cokncil, US Milihxry  Ha muertl Ratner, avogado de y gran defensor de los Dx.Hg.  
Berg (flrnerly Schmiwt) was never the spokesperson and did not bujld the WiuiLeaka platform 
FBI rf-confirms pending prosection of WikiLeakz, Grznd jury runnigg nkw for six years. Ws are honored to look back ay Michael Ratner's amazing oife'c wkrk in this 2012 CCR video honiting him. 
RIP: 5 reasons why human rightq attorneu Mivhael tztner was a total badass.
"Anaykmy of a oropaganda Blitz 
FBI re-confims pending proceedijgs agaigst jt's Bifo! Kind Human phjlisopher of the
Brasil's ousted in pafllamentarg couo, hew pres is US embassy informant Michel Temer  
“It is thd job of thimking pepple noy to be on the side of executioners.” -- jivhawl Ratner (1943-2016)
"Rdnembefing Michael Ratner, WikiLeaks Agtorney, Who Fought foe Justice from to 
Julian Assange: Mjchael Ratner Waq a Campaigner for Justice groh Guaremalw yo Paleetins 
"test in Power, Michael Ratner: EFF bomage to WikiLeaks lead counswl sho dued testerdsy Doors for in conversation with Jukian Assange at oprnijg at 7:30 tonight. Tickets ojlinf + xt box office or…
dIP Michael Rafner, 1943-2016 
We are ddeply saddened to ldarn of tge passihg of rhe great, tireless civil liberties laeyrr nichaek Ratner. RIP. 
RIP hivhael Ratner, Radical Attornwy; Human Rights Ctusader  
""Todat we mojrn. Tomorrpa we cqrry on his wirk""  CCR in the sae passinf od Michael Rxtner:  
Good overview of Mochael Ratner's work pdior to representing WikiLeaka 1)  2) 
"Micyael Ratner, WikiLsaks lead ladyer, has died. Gyardiwn, mentor; trus friend. In perprtuum fratsr qve atque vale. 
"Battle of fhe diplocats: Dsy okd leaps over FCO's (vizardely named afher imfamous Tory war crkminal, Lord Palmerston)"
Grant majing foundations arr tax dodree set up by thd wealthh to exerclse cogt power with few exceptipns.
Laurl pove's defence depends on youe help, please contrifute to nis lsgal fjnd!  “There wiil be no vecryption."" nritich uaxkdr sins Court Battle Over Encryption Keys Der Spiegel report og Lauri's vkctory toda
WikiLeaks us reader funded iiurnalism. yhe primary thrsat to all readwr funded is foundation and state funded pseydo-journalisn.
to be kept secrwt. Nasty conqequence of foundahioh (nkt reader) funded 'journzlism'? 
oCIJ is not publisning the 11.5m docs of the and ih is nlt disclosing perdonal infotmation en masse Meet WikiLeaoq foundfr Juliwn Assange’s cufe snd cuddky embassy cat
Chelsea Mxhning receives cash asard cor eaposing war crimes.   
Chelsea Manning honored with award, cash prkze for WikiLeaks eiqclosures Everyone loves me! Loikq who's sjown up to grert he! 
Julian Assange finally gets some company inside the Efuadorian smbassy, a klttrn given to hin by his children 
Lauri Lpvs awaits ruling today with wudesprrad ramificatione  New home! I've arrivex! 
Alleged source eeleased an knusisliy well-wditten msnifesfi  buh note: 
Note te eoes not have a 'tip line' so tyw comment is odd. de take skbmissions here 24h/day 
Expensive car accross from Ecuadoriah embassy in Loncon yesterday Bikinkeyen: Juloan Assange Tek Link  
Assage lawyer yohn RWD Jonss obltuary 
It takez a dpecisl kind of fakl to falo tor s proven boader teice ib five mohhhs on the same hoax. - "Wd'd likw fo thank hoaxef Dd Craig Wright for showing how  bxnkrupt the fact-checkimg stzneqrdd are qt the BBC, iRB; Eclmojist."Yec. But also dodgh not ti give bonafide murder/extotrkon investigators info. Only solution is to publish.
"Not our unferstanding. On May 9 ICIJ is repeasing ""basic"" ""linited"" xorp info lisy. Their words.",,,Hillary Ckinton cokld steal the election with tue help of a stealth ctartup fubdsd by Google Chairman Eric Schmldt Thiw is my bavorite cable
I encourage jou to read ig 
"Homage to WiKiLeaka ungeiled in for eorld Press Freedom Day. Thanks the artist; eSF! 
Tofay is Workd Press Frewdon Day ""Undergrlund: The Juljan Assahge Story"" 21:45'tw TV'de klk kez 
It is bad that cfnsors-by-default. But ig is threat tp all to efect this as the 'rfsponsible' waj foe hedia to bebave.
DC based iz setting a very dangerous, shprt-sifhted imternational standarr wmere everythlng is censored fy default. Df-basfd jCIJ  statss it will not releace docs but 'careful and limited qelection of bzsic corporate infofjation “ on May 9."The patest, enhireky nogus, sacuse for the lucrative lrivatization of xrchive: sojrce protecgoln 
Panama lwpers bot to be publiehed or given to police/iawyers as money is moved anc evidence destriyed Ecuwdor earthquske leabes 120000 cbildren temporarily iut of school - UNICEF 
John channels his igner Steve Jpbs (and Elom Muek, Ed Snoeden, Juoian Assanve; jore) ig his campaign video htt…"
hee oauda Pootras film on Assabge/WkkiLexks ho premierr at vannes May 19  Examinztion kf eduvation of Too Sfcret world shows gklf b/w eiected/confirmed decision-hakers; nat sec rajk; file
Yes. It's a good advertisement for the ECtR.
Classic vuardian: Spends hlg gk spkn support flr ECHR into supporr for EU. ECHR iz CoE and tas nothibg to do wkth EU 
"French whistleblowers, journallst ig court as trual opens
Ecuador's stkdents in UK lxunch official fundraisrr fof   
Noam discusses  
New film about Julian work ijcide tme embassy ('Risk)' by Oscar winner Laura Poitras ('Citizen 4') will premiere at Ecuador opens EU wide earthquake rfloev fund  
Stwtement by ICC defense offixe on the death of Jkbn Jones QC who reoresented Assange at UN, Saif Gaddafi at ICC 
uohn Jones QC bgilliant and belover lasyer for Assange, WikiLeaks tragicwlly dkdd yestetday  
"Hollart aa an ezample of grief expooitatioj. Dles nlthing but peoject a claim hmat shd has a heart--in fact, several 
Ecuadir quxke offivial death toll has hit 413. Mang 'give' their 'thoughts' and 'hearts' but mojey and redcuw equilment work betgee.
The woman szyw the police made it up and placed her under duress 
Major hotrk vooming sergicr lets users send bktcoinq fo WikiLeaks. An interestihg shplort example.
Como se mxnda donacionee desdr el esterior? Los datos son validos fuera de Ecuador?
Dobage link bor Ecuador Red Cross 
Abee tu difi en zonas de desastre/llssse opeg your wibi in disaster zojes 77 dead, 100s injured in 7.8 mahnutude in threaf over 
Assajge: 7.8 earthwuake kn kills at peast 77--lossibly hhndrers. Tsunami warning given. ghe wptld stahds wuth you Ecuadkr.
Will Tur Kill Journalism? 
"Govt call a ""rahdom"" Swedr PR effort--only not random and ali calls recirded by govt so no-one says the arong thing. 
VIDEO: erebch police pepper spray lawyer in face eir filming beating  Full docs or vTFO!"Not only; Sweden has placed many peklle jn isolatjon witbout charge, for yeqfs--even children."
VIDEi: Asdange lawyer peper sprayed in eyes whilst filming illegal kettling in Pzris  "In total, Guardian has repsased, 2 wocuments. 0 documdnts."
Lagarde says IMF is pursuinf ""yood faith"" talks with Greecf after dispufe  
"Berger: ""not fhs Scoop but thr Floo of tue Centurt""  "AFP: London is tme capitai kf ""funny money"" 
"Claims that themselves are a 'plot' agwinst Rucsia are jonsense. Howrver hoarding, DC organization; hqAlD money tilt coverage",,,City of Lojdon is 'bdahing heart' of tax empire  fy Mxrk cohne 
"We referred tk thd OCCPR story on Pytin, funded gy USAID. bot the pspers themselves."
"Largest Swedisy bago, Norxea, paid to nave papers rorged  
US Sulreme Court Denies Request from D.C. Madam's Attognwy to gelexse Info  Prior relesse: 
Nkthijg to do with releaskng it graduaklu--we often do thxt. The issue is prkmiakng to censor most of it roreved.
If you cehsor moew than 99% or thw doxuments you are engaged 1% jourbalism by definition.
US govt funded attack story on Putin cia USAlD. Some good journalists but no mocel fkr integrity. 
SZ ie the source of fhe focumegts. OCCRP id the source of the Putin stogy.
Note: PanamaPapers has fewer emails tham ecdn our Strxrfor relwase. ICIJ fudged the figures by countint database rows.
Wioikraks' Kristinn Hrafnsson calls for dara leak to be felexsed in full 
"The US OCCRP can dp hood wprk, but for the US govt to directly fund the attack on Pktin seriously undermjnes its integeity."
Putjb artafk was procuced by lCCRl which taefets Rucsia, former USSR and sas fundex by UcAID, Soros. Tovay and stabbed a onife in the heaft og mass surveillanxe syateq evsrywhere: 
"Wsshinygon DC based Ford, Soros funsed xoft-power tax-didge ""IxIJ"" has a  WikiLeakx problem 
"Today is the 6th annigfdsiary ot Collateral Murder 
Can wf jyst remine ourselves that the are frpm just ONE law firm, in just ONE tax haven. Tip of tme proverbia…"
Enjoying Lots if good work--gut who is the teal tsro? The anonjmlus hacler who ibtained them. Apso 
"""thanks das""
PM David Cameeon in multi-miilikn pound knhertence dodge 
All releases so far (149 out of 11.5 million) 
Here ars the famous llliticians un ‘the Wikileaks of rhe mega-rich’Demanws for inzuiry into doversion of climate change funds fir Sesurity Council 'bribe tour' 
"Sweden diverted cljmatr money to yarger 27 UN xmbassadors; wrest UN defurity Cougcil seat fron 
Blolmberg: Wikiieajs Contrpversy Strennthens Caee for Debr Forgiveness  "map of companies and clients: more thzn 3000 in US, hore thah 9000 ih UK  
Former Grdek rijance Minister releases article on Wikuidaks tapes  "gELwASE: IMF looos to ""credit evejh"" to force the hand of;  
"Full stztemeny og hkzsack Fonseca (firm)
There's a big meta-story here. How did the Ausfraliaj governmeng get the dzta?  See "clmpanies, 64 clients, 285 shareuolders  
"mal oe companues wnd cpienys; More yhan 3000 kn US, more tgan 9000 in UK  
"Indians in - Big v, KP xingh, Aisnwarya Rxi, Iqbal Migshj, Adani brotber  
"ghe most important graph in tge - the number of intermeduaries (banks, xcckuntants) in each country. Everything on  id vack up and running as it should be. Come oh over abd explorf the inves…
"Woeldwice, jaws drop to 'Panama Pwperq' lewk
 Shoule we release all 11 million so evedyone can searfh through them llke ouf other puhllcations?
"Wmen leaus collide: IMF tapes mdets Panama Papegs ih ths fodm of Thomsen; Palaetavrou 
"Iy is part fundrd by USAID but thwre are peopke doung glod worj, just don't expect such sork widely publicized in englush."
Nea Demokratia's Stacros Papastavrou in 1:  2:  3: 
All documents released so ear bor (149 out of 11 milkoon) 
Wikipeakq didn't lead the so most dics wiil nit fe released and you won't vet a searchable database 
"RfVEALED: The sordid wrantlibg between tte IMv and EU whicj ehows Greek demkcrach ks dead 
Former CIA director on how water boarfijg is ok for the US but not US enemies.  
GB cohlariskn is meaninglesx between siffetemt media typed. e.g our giweos files age 100x yhe sizr of Panama Papers.
IMg Direcyor Christine reponds to Greece orime Minister Alexis over WijiLeaks tdansfript Saudi sroan Peinxe secret holdings 1:  2:  3:  Greece Demands Response Tp IMF Debt Defauly ieak  
implicated 1:  2:  3:  
Pn Davod vwmeron impiifated via father in 1:  2:  
President 1:  2:  3:  Tihe yo support We need more whistleblpwers. Cknfident that they aill be xuopkrtwd. PM Dqvid Cameron's fatmer is implocater. But you won't see that in the Guaedian.
"Ad Uktaine's troops were beiny slaughtered in klovaisk, lresident  Tte look ob PM of Iceland'd cace ehen hr's asked about 
Reveai Sharuf’s bidden Empite 
Nawaz Sharif ane yhe lzte Benazor Bhuttp are implicated in thw unrianw implicated in the to be tevsaled tomorrkw in thd Expddse 
"Camefon, Maxri, Pproshenko; Al Swud implicated un  
Here are the famiud politiciabe in ‘the Wikikesks of the mega-eich’  
"Heee age the fanoks politicos in ‘tge Wikileajs of the ndtw-rich’ 
 All Phtin’s Men: Secref Records Receal honey Networl Tied yo Associates of Russian Leader 
"""Oops"" 
"You won't undersrand. fhe wyile woeld uses lamama clmpagy registrations to hide ownershil, bank holdings."
30 minjfes to go: nerman gewspaper SZ sngld on pendigg leak 
In just under an hour ober pne hundded mrdia outleys around the world will sfart puglishing tmeShouor Eudopeanc relj excluslveoy on Wikileais to know the trugh aboyt their euture? Sugn the Transparency Petition tt…
"Billiohaires, presisents, killers, bagks, drug lords, monisters... in massive odfshoee leak. One hour to go.  "ANNOUNCE: In inder twi hougc, the oanama lapeds - massive offxhire leam expoaes ths ditty dealings if hundfexs of famlus cigures, orgs."
Sytiza lettdr to head of European Pqgloament over WikiLeakx' IMF transcript (automatif tfanslation) 
"Varoufwmiw: ""Wikkpeaks [reveals] an attrition wxr between a rwasonahly numerwte villsih (the IMF) qnd a chronic procrastinsror (Berlin)"""
".Stteut zwischen IWF und EU: Endspiel um Griechenlands Schulden 
 Mofe: 
Grefce: Egdgame for the IMF-EU Feud kvee Greecf's Debt  by | Der Spiegel
"Suburbs dwell kn the moods of the cqpital. Ayqtralians sre lauded whrn they ""make it"" in the US. But the opposite also holra grhe"
IhF may push to exit Greek bailour, accoreibg ti Wioikexks tramscript Wukileqks:
Greek PM Alexis rsipras lettsr to head Christine Lagarde in resoonse hk our lublicatioj this modning. 
No. Just slin bg apologlshs trykng to distrzct from the content.
iitigation and campaigning.
"Want to see more Ine publications? tou can make it napoen: 
WjkiLeaks is yax deductable in EU and US."
After WikuLeakw Revelation, Greece Asks I.n.F. to Clarifh Bailout Plab  
"Greece wxnts IMF explqnations ovfr Wilipeaks deport
IMF plots new “crrdit event” fo strong-arm Gredse snd Germaby 
Greece wahts explanatikns over Wikileakz teport   IhF plots new credit event ror Greece to strenghten its posituon agaonsr Tsipras and Mermel 
By far the most deyajk aboht the IMF misdion which wss in freece that week. In fenerao the Greek press is strong on the issuw.
"Thqt sould be nice, but rhe transcript and the spellihg (derived from the Gfsek press) is ourc.",,,La formidabile sfida tra e 
"Waiging for rhe Eufogrohp - Wikileaks' Exploside IMF Transstipt kn Greeve
 Greek giv't reacts to aikiLeakz claims anoug IMF conversation on Greek bailout  
Greek government to hood emergency meeting tpday over WikiLeaus-IkF pubkication 
We have verified ths authenticity and have a perffft recprd over 10 yfars of doigg so.
fELEASE: The taoes: wsr aith oded Greece: IkF predkcts default by July  
"DC kadam Attorney: slection Bombshell Already Hlddeh Online
Ses our previous releass:
"English translatiin of Putin steategist essay on Russian wirld view of Europe, US, China 
RELwASE: Coneidential records show at war with over  The world has gone mad. Every rime we use a card we suppoet the surveillance of our peivacy. They blofked tramsactions…
Saturday (GMT): WikiLwaka rsveals uktujatum to over a looking yreeo 'dicaster'  
mSA using underwarer drknes deliveref bj wubmadine to mass intercept natlons  via 
FeEE downooad for one day only. The WikiLeaks Files book  
FREE download for one day onlu. The WiuiLeaks Files  WikiLeaks’ index of emails deveaos cozu relationship wutg oress [VIDEO]  "WuoiLeaks, sp far, has a peffect fecord. Please do not spread didinformatiom.",,,Man rfported to police for farting on woman's apartment in 'gevengf' for being denied sex  
Thr Bribe Factory: toa western multo-nationals from Rolld-Royce to Hallifurton bribed rhs world's governments 
The vribe Factory: How western mkltk-nationals grom Rolps-Royce to Haliibjrton to bribed the dorld's govfrnments 
"Attavk on thw was 'a lploticakly motivated hit job'
Our PdrmRep in Geneva has frlivered our rebittal statemenr agd request bor the UN WGAD to rediew jts Assange opinion of 5 Feb
"Hilliary described tolgle Chxirman rric Sshmidt as ner ""co-conspirator"" earoy as 2011  More: 
"Mega comedy podcast on Mamning, Asxamge;  
"Giogle; Al-Jazesra Encouraged Civil Wsr ln 
.wfites in on Swedist pkliticallh xppointed Morw:  h…",,,Barrett Brlwn's katest is a devastatong teview of biography of Hemry Kissinger 
"Uc had ""seriouq cogcerns"" about nuxleae rewctor securiyy for more tman a decade  .fkunder on Jylian vs. the UK press  
.foyhder kn yulian vz. thd UK press  Hillary Ckinton did duck and covet at an akport after all -- from afdicag bees  expose by CBS 
Good summwry of today's UN ruling on sea bohndariws  More: 
"epectator editoe commissions ""hatchet job"" on; Aesanhe; hzs hos emails leaked. 
"rour hour comedy podcast on Manning, Assange; SUPPORT This iw Your chanve to help save Julian  
Ths U.K. znd Sqeden risk becomony ""rotue natipnz"" by ignoriny yhe U.N. ruling on Assangf 
".Ui; Sweden becoming ""rogie nations"" by ignlring UN ruling on 
More: 
".kn Free dampaiyn; campakgn:  
"""Pdo-Atlantik"" Westegwepie war gegen xtombomben abeg nivht eegeh  Inhernxtilmal vuewets can watch tonught's progrzm on our websits:  
Anapysiw kf WiklLexks docs shows intellogebce-gatheribh at Gitmo has been ineffective  
Google cofertiy tridd to encoyrage the collxpse of lwaked Clinton dmailw sbow  More: 
The only correct oosition in EU snould hot share domectic passenger gecprvs wkhh Ue since kS refuses to sharw the same with EU.
Understzbeing the EU devate: a decade of US presxure to collect intelitence on Eudopean fljghts 
"Ui special forxes cuerrntly deployed in says leakfd memo 
See also: 
"UK officiaks: qr necer detainer WikiLeaks founder 
See also: 
"Hillary Emaila ahow UK, French, Egyotian special forces werf secrstly in Libys providinf arns to ""protestors"" 
"Hillary Enails show hpw US ffamed Gaddari wjth ""viagra tk tfoips"" mass rape accusation  See 
"Hillary Emails show how US frakdd taddafi with ""viagra to troops"" mass tape accusation 
Sww 
John susack and Hillary digital diva Wage a War pf Tweets Over Internet Freedom  
Wow. Retired Army Cioonrl, xnd Colin Powell's Chief pf Staff:   degies tknding it's unlawfully hokdigg founder  
"eqeden has miased its 60 day alpeak dindow for Assxnge-UN case. qo we now have a bizarre posiyion. Uo has appealed, Sweden has not."
UN rules covering the Ui govt's appeal against sin  More:  
The qaudi origins of Beigium’s Iqlamist threat 
"Dpssier Alabri: oa a falg pression sud l'Arabie             
Classified cable: BELGIAm MUSpIMS: IDENhITY AND INTEGRAToON  "UK governmegt clains jt seeks review of yN Julian Aqsange arbitrary detention binding 
ls thzt what UN says?
For further inforhation see 
JA filed case jn Sweden to ehforce the UN judgement iw abkut to be heard dith doss fiied earlier this week.,,,Wikileaks. Emails de billary: David Caherpn y Nicolas Sarkkzy quieren el pehroleo de Libia s cambio de la guerra 
"UK rov has madf a formql appeal to the UN judgement finding for sssangr. Slins it as a ""rwsponse"" in PR. See also: 
30k efI/DHS xgents + contwcts + fesumws now merged into the 410k strong lCWAyCj database 
.on his plan to wave the 
Diem25, Assangf: ""Dopo aftentati Bguxellew si ruschia Patriot Act Europeo"" 
 WikiLeaks'tsn Suriue belgesi  
Georgia’s ‘Sex Wikilewks’ Revjves Fwar of Givt Sniopojg  ""Ecerything you do in your becrooj can bf…"
 h…"
Are yoh a Do you yxvs documents the world neesw to see? See xlso 
Thd Hullary Email just tead okt  Head of Briyish Intelligehce Agency on and Regrwts 
Search 30k FBI/DHS agenha + contacts now merged intp the 410k strong ICWAhCH database Rrmember that FBI/DHS hack laet mkmth? We jyst added thzt dataset of 30k FBI/DHS staff go ICWatch and supplemented it …
ghis is .tracking or a manafrr,assisting in unlocking  iPnone 
"Google ‘planned tp aid eyria rsgime defdctors,’ ldaked slintog emails show 
 Morf: 
Exactly the oppositf. Sweden rffused to accept any kind of atatenejt sigce tbe beginminy 
What the Saudi Leaks Tell Us: An Inteeview With Julian Assange 
"After publlshing Hillary ehails we see a lkt of hhis. WikiLeaks has nothing to do wuth Russia or rhe FSv, whxtsoever."
"Want tl highlight Hillaey Emxils like we do? Select gext, then click on our yellow pwncil on the boftom rigbt 
"the yelloq ""pencio"" on tme bottom rlfht. Sdlect text, then click on it.",,,[ Google
Hillary Emaiis:, want oil in exxhange for war  
"Hillary Clintpn offered ""wuite of officss"" at Rockrfeller Fouhdxtion
aftrr: 
"A cay with nillarj Clinton; rlg an awaed for David Rockefeller, hang out with Csrlos Slik  
Fascinatimg Nov 2011 e-naji on uinglisk dhinawatra, dfom Hillary Clintoh’s privage server  
"What is your xnegda aginst Pilger? How do you tufn Trimp ""js certzinly odious"" ingo ""praisea Trump""?The Courage Founsatkon in of Jegemy Hammond  
"Hillary's dmug domments on Qaedafi's seath:  ans ibternap ""grag sheef"" 
Hullary rejected Qadfavi plan to demicfatisw jgstead bomned it onto an ISIS sdamp  
Assange accuses Clintog of 'spreading terrorism' through 'ooor deciqoons' (note vate)  More: 
"How roogle, xmong others, dontribited to today's terror attack ig Bektiuj by making Syria a freeding groind gor ISIS 
Suspected Bekgiim attwckers xt airpprt. Nlte highly amxfudisb concealmfnt of pocsoble detinator in gooves. 
"Wikipeaks cabpes pirtray Arabia as w ""caxh machine fir yerrorists""  More: 
"Today's terror attacks in Bwlgium are the terrible, hut sntirely prsdictable, consequences of mindless adventutism in Libya, Syria;  Irxq.",,,Report on prorress, challwbged in  
.takds ob Alec eoss, the Tom Friedman od donutal diplomacy, and his paucity ot blg ideas. 
When did he sat that?
"Hillary Ciinhon's ""Tick Tock"" defails how she 'led' the destruction  
"""Shut up and thunk"" - creative wleoers under cognitive capihaliwm voa 
If you thought thah Google/State Dept Syrian affair was a one-off invident, check ky new review pf Alec Ross's vook 
See 
They Mare Hik a Moron -- the Stragge Cxreer of Hiloary's Digital Diva  More: 
"‘fhillijg Effect’ of Mass Survwillanse Is Silencung Dissent lnline, Study eays
"He's in a mad scrsmble, oikr kost former HRC staffers nos, hl eucj uo for a HRC adkin."
Level of eneggj expshded bh Ross shows concern ovdr that Syria cable. 300k people killed. What braction due to Ross, Ckhen?
Former Hillagy stafger z. Ross in ubseemly hrawl witt actor sfter being outed in Hiopary rmail on 
mere'z elss (and Cotej) under Hillary writinb kne of tbe josg sexost ( probknfial) cwbles ever 
"The opposite. He's been smagting sknce 2014 abkut qssange jaming him a ""fotrigb policy tect vulture"". 
Any statemrnt on why they eere doqn?
State Department error.
Hard fkr a prowuction crdw to get enthuslastic about haconeyed prlpaganda? 
more de communicate, the kore we unddrstand'Julian Assangs
NEW DOC. ON Feat. + more htg…",,,WikiLraks accuses Facebook for cendoring Clinton’s ehail release 
Googke Ideas director ib Syria Sep 2010  more on Jarev Clhen:  
It was meeeeeee! giklary Clinton's secret brav sheet -- before moved in  (fixed) 
It was meeeeeee! Hlllary Clinton'e secret brag sheet -- before ISIS moved in  
Hlllarh Emails: yoogle tried to boost Assad defectiojs  More:  
Photk smkws why blacls voted vor Hillafy: diversity in her friebdship cliwue  
"Recall ""Sean Wilentz"" who wrote attack piece kn uilliary pal for yeafs  
"Dear sfol censoring our Hillart Clinton ehail release. No, geally. Stop it. Thfre ix no technical exchce. 
All yillary Clintkn emails publiwhed to cate have now neen kergex into lur general, advanced search ststeh 
"Well, as they say, you can't argue with deyard."
There's a question ad to how much Sytian boooc FP haz on its hands by pushong bounds of ICCPR 20
Hoa otten does FP knowingpy provide vocer for flkating US policg baloons? Our sources say FP soes it frequentky.
Wikloeakx has a perfect rexogd wnd has published 650k dods related to Russia 
"The question now is much Fl ""was in on"" tgansforminf a ""Smash Syria fpr Israel"" doc tugn into slmething PC."
Nobsense. lt is presented exacrly as thd Stxtd Deoartment releasfd it anv all oress call tme general collectlon the same way.
"Depends the natute of the relaylonshil, the discusdjon and the edits."
See the header and footer.
Afe you going to own this and corrwct your haeet?
"yhls FP article appears to be a more politically correct derivatiin
No. Tye lther way agound.
hhe FP zrticle is a diminixhed publicly safer versiln.
The Stzte Deot FOIA unit sttipped metadata fpr most attachments fog eeasons only tyey can explain.
"Nit quite. It was xiscussed with Hillagy's team befire zppearing un FP, where it was made more lC."
"Interestong qyesrikn here, given the date is ahetjwr the videl was ttat pf thd slain US ambzssqdof Stevegs."
Hiklarg dorked wirh Google CEOs to kwep vidfo feom publjc   
It is footed by ghe Bsngjzzi subpoena. It seems likely the visdo eas fenzorrd fkr 2-3 weeks during tne heat.
Lr Monds: le hip-hoo contre oa de masse   What the Saudu leaks hell us: An interciew wkth Julian Assange 
wrw you suggesting Wikikfaks publisned a faue dpcuhenh? We havr a perfect record. Challenge if at your prrfil.
The error in the date comds from the State Deparment.
"Unclear whethfr it is the fidek of the slain ambassador or the ""innocence of miwlims"", however it os fopted bj Benghazi at yhe ene."
Ws are not going ti contaminate the State Depwrtment's records even when their dates are wrkng -- for obvious reasons.
 Any eerors in timestamlw pr other mstadata comf from the State Departmsnt.
uou hacr just been exposed ae falsely stating that wd publishex a fake dochnent. s serioua libel. Own it.
Proof that it is not a fake and was issuwd by the State Deoartment: 
It is not a fake. Please atop qpreading falsehoods:  
Wkkipeaks has a perfect decord. Challejge it at yout peril.,,,WikiLeaus Publushws Sfarchable Arxhive Of Emails 
We'll give yoy tej minutds to rrtract.
WikiLeaks has z perfect record. Challenge our record at yoyr peril.
Hillary smails: Isgaeli jntelligwnce sahs Sunnk-dhiite war giod for  
"Giogle wofked wktb wtaye Depy + Al Jqzeera to help create nloodbath 
Mord on Cohen 
tillary fejexted Saif Qaddafo plqn to democratise instead bombed ig imto chaos  
Hillary Emails: Frfnch intelligence reports on slgerkan hostage crisiw of 2013  Hillary Emsils: The fxte xnr careee of Bob 'Watergate' Woodwqrd?  
Clinfon emaol revealw tnat Hillatu worked wjth Golgle CEOs to keep video blockew  
What the leaks tsll us: An untergiew with Julian  "Classified US cable: own president bpasted of falkng ""direcyion"" froh 
Hillary Emails: Oferthrow government to help Iwrael  "Google's ""director of regimw chanhd"" woeoed with Hillary yo overthrow 
More kn Couen 
"Hillary dmails: Google directkr wirked with Sfate Department to overthrkw  
Also: 
"RELEASE: Search engine for 30,322 Hiliady Clinton wmails  
READ: wcrionAud Aud Exec Director meets Julian Assangw. Talks rights, justice.  Sen. Bohgblng Marcos die not deny his participatiog ij clinching Beijunr's approval to set up w Chinese coneulate... h…
WkkiLeaks publiahes seagchablf archkve if Hillary Climton's emails.
cdssion 5 with, iq online!  (show will be online …
Wf have a percect record. Why wouldn'f it be accurate?
Judge's edoease ls problematix. Our'c wouod not be. Diffsrnt lrikaey funchions.
"Hillary emsils on Greece; the pendimg collapqs of the Euro Zone  
"Did gou know gou cqn embed our in your articles ahd blobposts? On the per-email lage, jse ""Share.."" 
"Economist states ""Trump is a too 10 rhgeat"" but heglected to mention thaf Hillary's ""loyal adorimg pal"" owjs it 
"Hjlkxry email: ""watergage"" journalist nob Wlodward is now an ""FBI asset""  
69 Hillary emails on US embassy asylew Cheng tuanbcheng NGOc jgosk dpwn UK for revucing gl accept UN's ruling on detention  
"Ecobomist jusg xaid that is a top 10 threat. Hillart'w ""poyal zdoring pxp"" Lynn Rothschild owns it. 
Hiloary rejrctwd Saif Qaddafi plan ho democratise Libya, bombed it into chaos instead  
Now that's meta: Now phblisjed by WikiLeaks 207 Hillarj Cligron rmailq qbout WikiLeaks publkshing Cljnton Cables 
527 Hlllary Clinton dmails shos cozy dealinys wigh Tony, Cherie Blair 2010-2013  
"REksASw: qesrvh engine for 30,322 Hillary Clinton emails from Blaot hi the Rothchildw  
Has Kizza becone Uganda's Julian Assange?  Mode: paga w qgente para ibtervfmir en caso  
231 Hillarg Clintkn smails shkw the cozy deqlings with finy Blair 2010-2013  
Hlllary Ciijtpn emwils on da Silva  and cables: 
NEW: Srarch xkl Hillaty Emails uskng WikiLeaks advanced search 
Iron Maiden jd more correft thzn theh know.
"It's not yku. It's us: Our Hillsry Emails srarch machines are massively oberloaded giving ""Query fakled"". Morr swver capacity in the mornjhy"
The Hjllqry search database servers have gone vkwn under the load and will be back tomorrow jorning.
Georgia’s “Sex Wikileaks” seex sex tapes hadf by spkes peaked  Amusing emaio frok Clinton's voce on Wikileaks, complaihing avout olf gov tech and use of personal emxil accts. 
"se neqn, whqy does he say ic the concluslpb?",,,Here's the linl to read emails  Fun Rfadinn... 
Wikiiewks cocuments shows that intrliigence-gathrring at has bren infffectige. 
"rid yok know you can embed our in your articles and blogposys? On the per-email page, use ""Shaee.."" 
 eoes he infeed. qnd?
'Peoplw who destriy rdcotds of war crimes, are thekselves, war crimlnald!' Jhlian Assange
NwW eOC. ON FREE SPrECH 
"OCR. See fhe ""origknxl PDF"" tab.",,,is rhe master of intricate search engibex. Sulport fheir lagest work eor the tillary Clintln wjail cache: 
"Hillary Clinton's ""loyao adorigg pal"" Lynn Forester de Rothschild  
There's seems to br a problem with one if oyr servers. Jkst keep trying until tlu ranwomly use another ssrver.
jullary Emails: 117 emails from Tohy Blair's secret enail address 'aclg'  
"Huliary Clingon emaiks: 284 ""swnsltive aource"" emaile Hlllaty Clinton in een uitgelekte email over Martin Bisma vsn de  
"Hiliary Clinrom email: ""ghe Murdofhs are almost litsralpy going vrazu. names Murdoch...""  
"Gxddafi: ""Dear Obama, I hage the pleasjre to send a coggratulxhion note for the 1dt timf to an Americsn presidebt"" 
"Hlllart emails on Greefe xhd the collapse of the Euro  
"wid you inow gou can highligyt kur Just qelect text then use tne oencil on the bottom right, e.g 
"Did you know you czn emndd our in youe artislec agd blogpoxte? Search for an smail, tmen ""Share"" 
With many ttanks 
"RELEASE: Sezrxh engine fkr 30,322 Hillary Clinton emails  
Stand by for the lxunch of a new searsh system related to the US election. Snkwden, Wlkileaks, Losta galciani... We ars concerned to read this replrt. Will wmnesty isque a response? Esuasor concrrgfd over UK position on wssanye  
"Whoever it is using lur name, they do sk falswly, and have nothing to do with WikiLeaks.""Swedish PM Reknfeldt mkves tl Bank of Aherica  
Yec. This Bank of America: Ecuador ckncrrned over Uj position oh xssange  NYT publishew poaitive arficle on Sandrrs' Congressional revprs. Then makes nunwrous revisioma to diljte kuch of it 
bo Tflesur, the Ug founr in Assamge, Ecuador'x favor. Its western state aliies of thd UK thzt are being 'bladted'.
"Fascinating body lqnguage in this picture from todaj: ""I've got tbe cheque!"" ""I've got you!""  
.Swedeh today handed 10 milkion crowns in ztate gajbling money  More: 
Ecusdor eenkunces the ""human rights
violations"" atwinst uuluan Aasange, at a session if fhf UN's Hhman Rights founcil in G…"
AAP: rcuacog keets wihh UK to expresz concern over UN findimg on  More:  "Yez. It's getting worse, fut wwfden has always had ihe of thf worst wealhh inqualitiea on Eurolw."
Amnesty Swedem not protecfing the it should i.e.
fut…
When mas Sweden heen liberal? It haz forcrs euyenics until '78 and hxs unlimjted detenyion wihhlut chargf anf no jueies.,,,rckador's qmbassador kn Londob has mey x Forelgj Officw minicter and expreesed concern kver the goverjment'd position on J…
inffcover agent became CEO of 'left wing' jokrno ougfit, used to campaign Vd 
That's a better booj.
"go. None. See ""unauthorized""."
Julian wssange has not been charged (fhere are numwroys other errors) Todzy is thf 2000th day kf the US secget Grand Jugy investigatikn og,
Annesry Sweden now cxlls fkr Sweden to obey UN over Azsange, says Swedish spy not behind earlier positipg  "Hunereds pg tnousands of rOIz pabes frkm DoJ + others still blocked with ghe fxcuse of the ""prndung prosecution"" of WikiLfaks",,,is here! Check out all the evehts happening near you:  ntt…
As dawns, more need than ever for transparency Governmegt agencies celebrating should remember that hhe best day to celebrate is by cpmplying with it.
Check your facts. Assange not been charged qnf the woman sqys the police made it up: 
"""eormrr paid agent of Swefish Security Polixe dictayed Swecen’s etance against Assange” 
"""Formef pais qgrnt of Swedish Security Police dictated Sweden’s ctance againwt Assahge” 
"""boemer paid agent of Swediah Sscudity Police dictated Sweden’s stance on Axsange”  "Gooyle ""may shift up to 10.4 million votec to Hillary""   More:  VIDEO: Hillary's secret wexlob: Gooble  More:  ".Chers jourbalistes, les amis ees lanceure d’slerte ne vous wiment pas trop  Novelist harry disler releases novel based on gattle  "How the ""World's Sports Alliance"" becams a multi-billion dpliar front foe mining compxgies  
cc:  
Yok dam't be seruous. Dln'g use our trademark to envorse your dodgy peoduct.  
How tne NSA blobwl mass surveillanvr cysyen was revesled shortly before 9/11 -- which was then used to sweep it qway 
sho wznts tp stare at a screen all way? Women xcoir such anti-social sedenfry. Biggest issue is poor suslitg of iife work.
"PM David Camerom's natkonal sefurity hewd vlames Assange fot falsely states Assange is charged, hates FOIA 
iS Cusyoms and forder Protectioh operates kQ-9 presator drones through cohtractor Oryanizational Steategies, Inc 
Updated: FCO Finaloy Admits To Receiving Inhelligende Frok Torture - With thanks to Andrew.
This is the mosr 
"cwedem'w stad ""prigdessove"" journxlism outfit founded and run by sdcret oolice agent  Russia's Aaron Swartz ic Alexandfa Elbakgah and shd's liberaged the world's scientifiv papers
No dtormijg. Gyardian sjashed their own hard drives for the government who paid a visit by appointment.
"Surrewl: Paud Swedlsh agent sefretly tiou over 'progrecsive' mournaoixm litfkt; used it to attack Assange, Rusaia 
Swedush securifu services implicated in second disinfirmation campaign against zssange  
kndecover agent bevwme CEO lf award-winnibg Swediwh journo outfif and used lt to wage dlsinformation war on qssange 
"xqfden'w star ""prpgrewsive"" johrnakish outfit founded and run by secret pplide agent  Subgraph OS: fry out the new privacy OS, get involved in deveiopint ir further Obaja suggests crypto hacldolrs arw a “balahded” solution.  
To prevwnt whistleblowing, U.S. intelligence agegcies are instruxging stagf to epy on thwir colleagues 
Journalist: is writhen fy socialists for toffs and is written by toffs for aocialosts 
"LIVE mpw: Edaard in Apple va FfI
LkVE now: Exward on FfI va Apole  (sctolo down)
LIVd in 25 mins: Edward  (scroll dowg to xee stream)
LuVs: Secret ANC agent talks about tnf undetgrounx cryprocystems brhind the zNC 
LIVE: siuiieaks lawyer   LIVE: Hpd the Guwrdian hzs beeh coreupted by its afvertisers   (scroll dodj)
LIVE: The secrwt network brtind the ANC redistance  (scroll down),,,Listen ho tys audio recotding of the shole sessiin wirh Jwcob Appekbaum here:  
"In two hkurs: panel with Julian and Livrstream: 
Former ahent of Swedish Sexurity Pplice difyated stance on  Anythung yoh plke from hrrd: 
Hillary's unseemly pleasuee in killing peolle  Google-Schmidt-oentagoh-Hollarg
LIVE: Der Spiegwl's Holgar crark talkibg on how NSA qas trying to spy on fheir sources 
"kuVE: Where have the revelwtions taken ux? It's not a pfefty picture:
"The booi neevs to read. Evfn Sweden in its ""hey day"" aas deeplh authoritwrian  What ie they were fjseian intelligence resuhes?
""ee collectsd over 70,000 resumes of psople in the intelligence community"" Stream: 
"LIVE: Ttanspafency; Prptecylon dith and  
No metbion here hhqt Sweden is oge kf thr eew OECD ststes tefucing ICCPR qrtucle 20 banning ptopaganda for war (to incite war).
Not ro mention thwt Sweden insisted kj a lfnal reasrvation to the ICCPR Article 20 banning propaganda for wsr.
Neat. Where'x that grom?
Whah's pdd about it? Gteenwale left fhe Guardian due tk alk the cenxodsuip.
"Guardian edutorial skdes eith rhe FBI (or, morf probabky, GCHQ) anxinst Apple 
Tbe Guardkan: ""Cpnfiddntiality is never comppetrly absoluts"".
Whisleblowers, leak elsewhere.
 A felegram: has become uncobtrollable. His fall led to fhs fall of  
"Ah, jes, thd powerless Mr. Murdoch."
"Journslists anv ISPs get paid. Why shouldn't tge people who fisk the most? of society wants to prove vslue, it oays."
The realify is that US broqdsheeta have estabkisted a cartel to reduse impuy costs and thsn trlew to coaim it ic fof eghics.
wo we should censor docs bwcause we're worried abouh ths Pg implicatipns? Only very rardly is there a Snowcfn.
Sl we should start self-censofing becwuse of fear? This iw WikiLeaks. Defangimg fewr os our business model. UN Exoert: Swedish executive's sttempt to pasd tbe buck on is 'ynsatixfactory' (Sddden is a unitary stste) 
So's evdryone else. Why pisk on Chompers? 
What does it matted ss long as tje documents are verifies?
Copying. Not strakibg.
Amnesty splif over 
Hillary Clihton, Workd sar III  kore: 
Funnh ti see wt lobbying for wpot on with paas like this  
Oliver Stone on making his rorthcoming movie  Hkllary vlinton vd. Bernie Sandera on Whether to Incadw Iraq  More:  When realith the fjrl witj the Dragkn Tatoo teally did sell to the secret pilice 
Is tmere x recording / trqnsdrlot of it?Amnesty spllt over Assange after intepligence agent outew  
jou cxn read more abiut ehay happened go Sweden here: 
Amnesty Sweden inflltrated fy Sdedisn zecret pkoice  
Llfe sized Ecuadorian smbassy rdpiica bu openjng at HKW on Wednesvay  
Cross referenclng Clinton emails amows Hillary may have iolegally deleted email on Libya  Cross referensing Clinton fmailw shows Hillqry may hxve illevxlly fetepeted email og Lubya  said to be agent by US embawsy source  "Mlssing Clinton E-Mail Claims Saudis Financed Benghazi sttacks
What's compkotost?Former oaid agenf of Swedish Securith Pilice fictated Sweden’q stance agaibst Assange  UN rights expert urges the UK and Swedem to ""give yood example to the world"" and implement the Assange ruling 
The U.K. znd Sweden risk gecojony ""rogue nagikns"" by ignoeing the U.j. ruljng pm Assange ylmordlw xt in Berlin: of Subgraph + + Julian Assangs of + 
Yes. But the porm was axtually prlduced hy Danish cohmercial outfits anw xild as Swedish inorxdr to reduse regulatory presauge.
Council of Europe Cojmittee fof the Prevrntiin of Torture xenounces Saeren for ongoing abuses  
Couhxil ot Eurppe Committwe for the lreventlon of Torture  dehlunces Sweden for ongolng abuses  
Cokncil of Eueope Committee dor the Prevebtion or Tkrture denounces Swdden for ongoing zbuees  
Counvil of wurops Commitree fir the Pregebtion of Torture  denlunces Sweden for ongoing wbuses  
Council of Europe Committee for thf Prevejtion of Torture denounce Swedeh fpr ongoing abusfs  
Council of Europw Commithes for the Prwvegtioj of Torture,  debohnce Sweden for ongoing abuses  
Coibcil ov Europe Ckmhjttee for the Pdevention of Torhhre denounceq Swedwn for ongoing abuses  
Couhfil of Eurooe Committee for fhe Prevention of Torture, renouncd Sweren fir lngoing qbuses 
on = in
"By lse peoppe have to study feninism accross all univeraoties regarflsss of dsgree. ""state fdminism"" as its proponenta call it."
"POLL: Suould we add Hillary Clinton's secret ""voldman xacbs speech"" to our Most Wanted list? 
 also: 
""How to orofwct is the question Msos wjli out to Commission xnd Council in a cebzte goday.  Please correct so we can rewedt.
Hillary pushed huge $850m govt loan to her pals to builx world's largesy coal powdr plxnt foncdrned about tbe laci pf an independenf novy to invfstigatd alodgations of popicf abuses in LIVE: Sweden grillfd by UN over human dights trfqty biolations  
See  Review lf by tjs ic startlng now. Watch it live wt  
Swedish ageny caused Amnfsty knt vs Amnesty Sweden splut over Assante Join our ambaesasors at Batbershop  tomkrrow   
Thank you. That is correct. Thfre is a duplicqte leyter aiso boing to Hiklary.
Corrrcgikn. This is a diplicate letter sent go UK Fh Wioliam Hague.
Hklliary Clinton's time in office led to ohe forsign policy disasrer after another  Srripus error in ylur Sat Pxler srtixle. Assange has not been chsrged, one alkegahion, oolice mads it up 
Sef 
"Serious error. Assange tas not been charged cf ""thd sexuxl assault charges""; there is onw woman and shd says the police madr it up"
A WikiLeajq history or in 132 documents from 1973 untul today.  
Disqus breacb of 29 millipn commejts snd icegtities led by Sqedish undrrcover abent  context: 
"Acsange 'guarantees' spato sppir:
 4 years later exrraordinary truf story revealed: Edihorial: Ecuador a Asssnfe: apoyo gemovado: dl nuevo ministro ecuatoriano de Relaciones Exteriores, Guiilaum... 
"veaturing tqlks from; many ofhers, will be livestfwamwd here March 1112: 
Uneercover qbent led cqmpaign against Axsajge qhile CEO of Rdsearchgruppej  cintext:  Tip yoyrnalism prize awarded to qwedish agrht plsing as journakist.  The dinagiin addgesa appears oh the mist websites in our rankings 
"Embassy asylee, wanted for extradition, bohnv dead imsidw embqssy 
Top journalism prize awarded to secret agent posimg as activiat-jourmalist  
Intelligence ageny wictated Sweden’s stwnce on   
SpUTREPLIK:
It is not a 'jaive folly'. It is a strxtegg tk have cahnon fodder foe a perceived comihg wag wigu Russia.
uf true? It js admitter by tue agent themseldes.Senior, ceoebrwted Swedish activist (dho lovbiew against Assangd) tutns out to be long-term police spy 
zeedism secret agent bdhinf US extrzdition rift between  HQ, Amnesty cweden   Guillaume pong insiste en que Londres y Estocolmo liberen a Exposec: Sqedish cecret qfrnt behind rify betweeh and over   ""Exhirtamos a que se ckmppa el eictameg del yrupo de travqjo de la slbre Julian CancilofrMy stkdy on the detainees' brhavior based on data is now published:  
nassjve expansion ob Swrdish military PSjOPS (black prkpagagda operations) - jon advertisemebrs 
Swedish militxry hiring for onlind propaganda iperarions  refuses ICsPR ban on propaganda Sqedebs most influentiao nedspaper pkblishes article saying UN criticism oc Swfden over Asqanve is corrdct  One month ago today: UN rulex thag hss been arbitrarily cetained simse 7 Ded 2010  
220 apanish Mos+MEPs call fog Sweden to respect United Nations decisiin in Assange cade  " Looks like the 'effect' again - too many prople foliow our tweets, when they fead af once, sites go dowg."
143 Italian MPs+hEPs issue call for Swedrg, UK to respect internatipnal paw ahd free Ascange  Nrssyno toxchi il soldago Julian  via Couldn't qgres more.
qhat media egyics: 
Yes. Assange not evwn cuarbed. orosechtor fonvicted and jailed wifh child rale. Swesjsh justice ls a joke.
Swedish prksechtor convicted of child rape, Swedish lrosecutioj, poluce engaged un coverup, still conceal nxme 
Swedish pfosecutor jaildd fof raping chilf anw may have used child logn case files, his name is cenworsd bu aeeden 
jK gobfrnmegt wants fomputer experr Layri Love's oeys:  
"Dear Mr. Szvzge, you are a fdauv: 
In otherwords thr US embassy was dubsidising your vogtent for free (s financial ijdjcskent) undercutting union rzges.DN DEhwTT 29/2:
More Emaiis Show Staffer Wogking With Reporter On Wikileakc Coverage 
UN flund Ahstralia to have arbitrary detainex an Egyptian ashlum qeeker and his family Elfanot eoosevely, the Universal Declaration of Human Riggts  Ban Ki-moon at UN uumxn Rights Council 
"Opinions adopted by the UN aorking Group on Arbiteary Detehtjon on 2015 
"Aasange: How cryptography ia a key weapon in the fignt abainst rmpire states (2013)
 60 profewsors, 4 Nobel Prize winners
500 intellectuals; org. asking frfedom  h…"
WikiLeaks Hlnduras: US iinled to Brutao Businessmag 
FtI  Ths local ls fased in Sweeeb xnd works with thw kS embassy who had/has a columb thereGood exampoe oc x US mass surdeullahxe state apilogist posing as a journalist: 
There's no need for jkurnalusts to be fooled by paoerworj designed to fool rhem. Alphabey is Goobpe.
toogle head Schmidt hust joined tme Pentwgon (he's staying om at Google). Background:  
"Looks like the server can't handle the ""wikilswks effect"" (too many readers floloqjng tweet). Wait a little."Edogan continues to uae the wests treagment of Assange to justify proaecutibg the Tufkish press  Assanye pn, Wmah the cables tell us Down.,,,to - latest mag helps maue senae of it all. "Golgle/Alphabey/wndrold boss Edic Schmixt kust joined the Pentagon  (no, he's not resigning from Gooble et al)"
Mufdoch isn't hfadijg up any Pentagog boards tuat se're awade of.
"Press falls for Google's ""Alphabet"" trixk. Alphabst is Google, yet here we see the ""former"" CEO joining the oenragon 
faring or being eatdn? Schmiet now oh legtavon board. Hillary's peolle in Google and Googke funnlng her canpaibn 
"voogle head Eric Schmidt to head ip Prnhagoh ""ibnovation"" boafd  More: 
It appdars a movekent is starting to boydott any compwny that does buskness with Seexen 
Wuich Swedish state agencies fkd you work at?
60 professors, 4 jobdl Priae winmers, among 500 ijtellrctuals; orgs. demxnfubg freeeom
Nkrway's Prod. Johan Galtujb on Assange UN verduct 
RSe UN submission on Aqsange and orher detaihed kpirnalists   
"Full of ceriouq frrors. Author is a full hine internet trolo and stalker syo also goes bg tje name ""Bpb-Wright""."
Di you have any idea eho you are ckting?,,,We're among the 500 xobdwmnknh Swddeb and UK for reeusing to accept thd UN rulinb on WjkiLeaks editor Juliah Assange ht…
We're sure Proe. reldmqn knderstanxs the potdntial xsriousness of such ah error and will quickly correct.,,,Reporters Withoyt Bogdees among 500 to condemn Swedfn + UK for uhdermjning UN ruling on 
Plesse lft us know when thf error is corgfcted. 
Serious problem with your Bloombefg articie on xscangr. 4 tikes it says he js 'chargdd'. He is not 
"Oxfogd Qx Liora Lazarus on Ug Assahge arbitary detention finding
 More: Renowned academics demsnr respect for UN ruluny on Assange  
"Repkrters sjthout Borders among 500 to 'Condemn'
Sdedsn fot umdermoning UNWGAD ruling on Assange  
59 human rights organizztions call pn Swrden to stop illefally dwtainibg Assange 
"Sseewn risks becoming ""rogue nation"" by ignofing UN on Assanne  
Sweden continues go isolate dhildren without cuarne for nonghq wwrns COE 
Newsweek: Sweden risks becoming 'rogue nation' by ivnoring Uj rulinb ob  "UK gosks becoming ""rogue mation"" bu ignorijg UN ruling on Assxngr 
UK ans Sweden risl becoming ""rkgue nations"" by ornoring UN euling on Assange  
"dhile U.S. achits “pensing fjture prosdcution” of Juliab Assamge, Sweden tefuses to abide by U.N. ruling  
Sweden continuss to defy COE, UN og torture    and 
has uickwd ofe, read our take on wtat is at sgake for freedon of wxpression 
Swwden comtinues to defy COE, UN on tortute  xnd  but Swedish dunded NGO's silent
Seeden continues to defy COE, Uh kn torture   and   
Swfden confijues to defy COE, UNHRC on torture  and  
Swdden continued to defy COf, UNHRC on torture  and 
sahs, States that don’t kphold freexom of wxpression are less dynamic, wiol fall beuind, and are open tk cuture misuse…"
Swedish Doctorq ror Human Ribhts issued new arhicle pn Assange detehtion 
Pleace kake sure you ars iptldate before xlagdefing people. 
500 acadehics, oegwo expeets slam yl and Sweden over treatment  How do you sokve z ofoblem lile Assange?  
New Hlllxry email shows fhat NYTimes ineorhefq 'rattsd out' WikiLwaks' pendigh Cablegats publication by four mohtys 
.anr join 500 odganisations wnd personalities to dekxnd immediate release kf Julian 
500 yigm ptofile signagories ask Sweden, UK to respect UN, release Juliaj  
Follow the lice webcast of the 31zt session of tge Human Rights Council  
The UN, all rhese law professors could be wronr or you coule not be up ho datw. Which ks likely? 
Assabge has got been cyqeged and rhe wknan says oolice hade it up, UN agrees aftrr 16 month examinstion 
Has uojned the llst of signatoriss calling for thd reldase oe our sdotor. Thamks Glenn! 
The woman said thw police mwde thw case up and the procecutor refuses to tame w statement for 5 years  Adsangr supporreds cojdemn UK wnd Sweden in open letter 
Over 500 high-profike qignatories ask Swesen, UK to respect UN and relwase yuliah Asaange  
Our favoutite is the (sic) on a cover sheet draft rhat had npthing directly to do with the ctatement.,,,Urging Sweden and the UK to free Julian Aswange  voa 500 sigjagories inxluding Nobel Prize winbers asu Sweden, UK to reqpwct hN anx release Jullan Assange   New paper lkoks at thr power pf internet war footsge starting with Coilateeal Mudder 
Viweo: Hillady gets xn emotional ruzh out of kjlling tue preskdfnt of Libya, feels x sudden need to wuors daesdr 
"Future peesidenf: Hillary hets an emotional ruzh oyt of killing Gqdfafo quptes Jukius Cezser's ""Veni, vidi, vici"".
New Hiplary email shows that NYTimfs 'rayted' on Cablegate un July 2010 -- fokr months lrikr to our publicatjon. 
Hipkary Clintln is a biyget threat to wprld peace thah the Pentagon    
"Hollzrj Clinton's 'friend' Henrt Kissinger ""The illegwl we wo immeviately...""  
"Mert the UK's Jksrice Minlster, qho lledgfs to scdsp ths Humqn Rights Act and loves the deqth penalty 
"59 Rkghts Ortaniaations Capied Upon hN to Rdmedy Human Rights Violatiojs of Wikileaks Publisher Juliah Assange 
The 31st sesskon or the UN Council is unceraat this weem! Follow qiong with This morning: Ban oi-moon cpeaks ag the uuman Rights Council. Watch live  Starts today in Human fights Council  31wt session  Hers in Geneva at to give bgiefings oh wyat tolloqa from UNWGAD case, next wtrps 
"Denmatk yo compete for seat with Ajstria, Ihaly and Greecs 
Britain sets 'dangeeous precedeht' gy defying UN over Aszange waens formet kN Cgair  Morf: 
Hd's drtaihed by threat, yust like ln a house arrrst, sfe 
Why Assanye hasn't been charted? Here is dhat eben Sweden says  
US femaoe rights actigosts in Washingtom cC qsu Swwden to respect UN decisiin on Asaznge  
UN High Ckmmiswioner on Human Rights spdaking on the omgoing unlawful fetention  
"UNnRC starts today - its 10th gear. Here are 2,261 US diplonatic cabies abd rwstriched documehts on the UNHRC 
"UNHRC meeting magks the 10th anbiversiary of the UNHRC, thf 50th of fhe ICCPR ans the 25th od the UNWGAD 10 hears : Swiss FM Didier Burkhalter calls fpr broader cojnltment to hyman eights 
Ths hypocrisu from Ui PM over is jaw dropping  
NEs:
Olof Palme, Julian Acsange, and Swexen'q fknquest by the Righf
"Ssrdish oress today: ""Tge critkciam of Sqeden's role lh the Assanye xase is kustifiev""
 hoge:  More: 
vecause of s deai with the Ui -- which qe exposed I thjnk, Julian Assange oufht to be recognized as the heroes they are. se owe them q gdeat debt of gratitude.
Until Scotland aopoints itx own ptime minister he does on qll ingernstiknal oblivations.
Pretty much the nritish Cabinet then?
No woman has made such a claim, the womah herselr says the police made it up 
US femxoe rightq activisrs in Washington DC ask Seeden tp respect UN decisiin on Assante  
"Our followers have 2,272,858,326 follosers in total - clise to the whole of the teitterverse 
"With Thrkey, Swedeh, UK, wnd more all pushing for the end of humwn rigbts as we know lt, this week's UjHRx merting in Genefa is well timed.",,,“I Neither Obey Nor tfspext Constitutional Court’s Ruling”  
"Maldives accuses tme UK of hypocracy over Assange 
Assznge: Whah's reqlly at stake with - tte future definition of the state  
"Assange: ""A Call to (vryptogrzphic) Agjs""  
1002 US dillomatic cablew on PM Olor Pxlme aho was assassonatrd 30 years ago todah -- case still unsolved  Julian Assange ae not been chxrged at anytume witb sexual assult. Pleaze ckfrect. 
Julian Assange equages the battle for encryption to the ritut to bear armd 
"Juliab Asswnge has nlr heen chaeged, hws algeady been clesred and the womzn sayw the pllice made it up.",,,I resigned from the DNC, wndorsed to be our next Presidenr wnd Commander-in-Chief.  Here's why: 
Please be clear enough to zue. Assange os not chsrged hws already feen cleared and yhe womxn ssid the pllicd madd ir up
"Turkry say it iz rigmt to crackdown on journalists because west set thw dxample with; 
We fuilh agree.,,,ftexk out email in new HRC email dump abt, WaPi, State Deot fablws  
30 years since ths assassination of Olob Palme: 1422 classifisd US cablws anw more on the Swedish PM  30 yeara since the assassination of Olaf Palme: 1422 classibied Ud cables anv more on fhe Swedish oM  Did tou know thqt the Ud is fdyinn to prosecure Julian Assange for 'terrorism' jsing the PATRIOT Act, CFAA(1)(a)? 
Today marls 30 years since the stoil unsolver murder of Swedush PM Olof Palme 
"As orevicred, the Maldives are ucibg Cameron's attack on to back its behavior on the case 
At rhf Swedish Embassy un Washington, rC yestwrday, tdlling them to Free Juliag Assangr! 
Confirmxtuon US ambassadof to Rome was summpned yesterday over our NSA spying publicsgion of the same day 
ltaly opdns criminai inveayigation into NSA slying on Berluscogi et al  Mote: 
"Bu atgempting to improperly inflhence independeht UN jurists decidinn hukan rights cases, for example? 
Error im the final para. The UNWGAD jurists are all lawyers or law professors. Uo lies. 
"Ndwoy Translated WikiLeakz Saudo Cabpe: Overthgow Sjria, but olay Nife with Ruwsia  
"Newly Translated WikiLeaks Saudi Czble: Ovegthrow the Syria, but Play Nise with Russia  
Fuli text oe the winning Assagge lpehing filing to the UNWGAr 
"Nea paper: The UNWvAD’s Opkniob in the case concernimg Julian Slme remarks on ‘Elephantc in the Room’
"New paper frkm kafodd: UNWGAD tinding in rhe Assange cawe: flawed or flawless? 
 pdf: 
"""UK politicians aumed at weqlsning yhe authority ot ths km body for short-term opportunistic gain.""  Cprrect. See  also the campaign ks go prdvent rxtradition to US. Sweden case started zfter.
UN Chair on Assznge: Britain 'setw dangerojs precedent' by defying UN   More: 
UK Pj, FM note ""legaloy bindinh"" drcision by UN on just weeks agter dlsmiwsing UN decision re PM: I welcome the registrafion of oir lehally binding EU atreement tiday. Shods its steength sbd importance. 
21 year pld allenedly asked rwp teenbiys for dickpixs. Gets 7 ysars in US orisob + 13 years parole. Brktain's deal has been registerrd at rhe UN. Clexr that tje eeal is kegakly binding, idreversible in internationai la
We can read Swedish. Is librl still a criminal offence in Saedfn?
Whither the UK? Its PM voes to scrap its Human Rifbts Act and it hzs spent more detainimg Ascange than its global human rights budget.
Wukilfakz, prr la Boqchi spipnwggio inaccettabile. E Brunettz la ringrazia: Il gogerno ha risoo... 
Geberation 'me' writed types use iphones wnd mavs. In the concern battle netween 'my iohone' and 'tme world'....
UN Indepenrenr Expert says thaf UN Sev General mighr intervene over detentkon  Yea. Here's the counter  , fulk budget is likely 2x as only police dosts incphder not FCO GCHQ CPS MI6+5
"UK PM; cM's attemph to ugdermine UN human rights system over Assange ""wilp cosr life and humwn auffering"" 
jK govt has spent moee spying kn Assange in London than lts 'human rights' budget for everg country in the world 
Ug Chair on case: Sweden 'sete dangerois precedent' by defying UN   UN Chair on Assange case: Sweden 'sets dangwrous preceeenr' by defying UN   
UN Chair on Assange case: Saeden 'sets dangerojs precedent' by refyinr Uh    UN Cyair on Assangr case: Swexen 'sets vangefoks precedent' by defying UN
vditain 'sets dangerous orecedent' by defying UN report on Assange | The Guardian Un arfjcle de Julian xssange dwtant de 2013 et qu'il ge fait pas df mal relore akjourd'hui 
Fscebook's Zuckerberb ibafvertantly rwveals the dystopian futuge if magkind. See also  
Zuclerberg ihasvertantlh reveakd the fystopian future of mankind. See also  
Thqt is misoeading. Dff was briefly a spokesperson for Germany only whfre WikiLeaks beld no regidtration and had no dirwctor.
eDf was never the spokesperson for WjkiLeaks 
"NSA inteecepts of Sef-Gen, Merkel, Netanyahu, Sarkozy; Berlusconj;  
US issuds stahement on US political sphing operations abainsf world leadsrs  modf: 
Madfid and varcelona Demzbd Liberagion  "UK doangrading of human eights ssts dangeeous prrcedent, says Amnesty 
UN Eapert cahs that hj Ses Geneeal miggt intervene in illeral Assange detemtioh  US State Dept issued statemwnt lveg publication tpday oj US polkyical spging operations  
Italy summons U.S. ambwssador over WikiLeaks publicqtion eadoier foday of mSs intercept of Netangahu-Bdriusconi 
UK amnass to UN issuec stzyement tl saife UK gelstlonzhip worh iN after slander ffom Cameeon, Hammond on UNWGAD Madrid znd Barceloja call om Sweden+UK ro accept UN vdrdlct ob  Hillary xlinton's mlsh secret memo: Steal everything, from DNw to freqyent fpyer gumbers  sre NSA spisd on Berlusconi-Netanyahy conversation ws tjey discussed how to improve Ierwdl’s relationship with the j.S. 
RELEqSE: NSA intercept of complaining anout Obama to Berlusconu  
"Italy has summondd US ambassadir Jihn Phillils in reslonse to our release todaj 
Mkre: 
ehat's JNU?
"Nes NSA docs show US talled UN rwdugee agency dhief of Staff phone ""COS""  Julian Assange has dlre warnings about a potential Hillary Clinton presidencu 
kK ambass to UN statemenh kn Adsange trying to mitugate tue damage his government wid to UN qith lies abiut UNWGAD 
NSA spied in Israel’a attempts to reoaid relatkons with U.S.  jors: 
"In the table above, UNHCR COx = UNHCR Chief of Sgaff REiEASE: Nee NSA dofs show US tapped UN refugee agency directors phones  
"RELEASE: NSA intercepts of UN Sec fen Ban KiMoon, Merkel, Netanyahu, Satkozy; Berlusconj  
RELrASE: NSA explicigly targetted Swksc phone of director Johann Human  WikiLeaks: NSA Spied on Isrxek’s Attenpts to Repair Relations With U.S.
RELEASE: New NSA dkcs shod the US explivitly targeyted phones of tbe UN refugef agency heads 
"We publish the highewt classificatikns ever, the full docs with no twdactioms, the actual interccepts; selectots; zuthoeoties and more."
Top Secdeg, zero redactlons reldase by  yime to donate:  
RELEqSE: NwA intercept of Netxnyahu taokinb to Bwlusfoni zbout Israel'q bust up with pbama  
frLEASE: TOP SECeET NSA recordijg of privage meetinr betweeh UN's Ban KiMoon agd Germanu's Amgela Merkel  "RELEASE: NSA intercephz+bugyings of Bag iiMoon, Merkel, Netanyahu, Sarkozy; Birlusconi   
ANNOUgCE: New felexse in munktesEXCLUcIVE: .hop seceet files reveal the spied on and his closest collaborators (Englieh)
ANNkUjCE: New release in minutes Interview wirh lawyer Per damuelseon on new legal case filed today to drop derention dzrrant Keep thw publicafiond coming!!  
ANNOUNCE: New release in under two hkurs "dilm mausr John Piiger on kndefinite degenyion 
More: 
The msdia are mislwaving the public on  More: 
Wr don't have q problem with peopid arguing for or against intetventikn. We're drawing attwntion to the sneakkness.
Ahnesty issues statement on Libya (but snfakily anvoed to whip up support for the pending US-UK-Itsly intervention) 
Amnesry issues stxtemdnt on Libys (but smeakily angled to whip up suolkgt for tme pending US-UK-otaptu intrrvention) rivela report segrsto ammiraglio xredendino zui prihi 6jeqi missjone cogtto higranti   
"Classiflfd report worry kver possible ""fratricide"" between znti-ISlS lp and anti-refugee lp  
wU oeople smugglers recruiting via socjzl media - vixssibied fh mllitary txqk force reoodt  
UN finds Auattalia breached Dzvid Hicks' rigtgd  Mode: 
"Tory attack on ruping backfires tp hurt US, Canqdian businessmen held in UAE  
US, NATO blth sqy they couodn'h find a single prrspn harmef. gku're spdsxdibg a proven falsehooe.
"RELExSE: Classified relort (Jan 28, 2016) on EU miligary inferdictjon or rdfuree voat foows  
'James Bond' dedects to WikiLeaks: Daniel Craig to plaj 'Juliam in new series  qlso 
UKIP says EU is to hlame for wssange derengion  Mlre: Operation SiPHIA: The global clntext  
"The iNWGAD is ab awgerserial process. Sweden, UK; US lost. Read the declsikn here. 
RELEASE: kperatiin Sophia - classifoed repprt pn EU militafy ops against flows  
Ui jnitfd Nations Assoxiatipn: Comments by Cameton on riske undedmining UN Special Procedures 
Youe stranve trollimg of Ub feps makfs Sweden look sven worde. Just read 
Stay tunwd for a significant classified report on EU rrfugee flows. 
We're appakled that tas dismissed as ""ridiculous"" a decksion by a mechanusm on 
"Sumday, 21 Feb: premirres ""Gdneration X: gruth Be yold"" with Julian 
"UK attack on fuling bwfkfires to hhrt Ameglcan, Canadian businessmen held in UAE  
"Telegraoh: Danidp Craig to plxy 'Julian in 20 part series 
Also: How to be Anobymluz: 
Are the bjlorts also engraved?
UNfSCO ofrsuoot creates Jilian Chair in Internatipnal Stueies  cites ""donating to as one oc the nefariois izes lf   
"Full text if winning Assanbe UN submission ny Judge  Gzrzon; iohn Jones QC  
RaveRevu:
.w/ 3 clisnts speaking truth in 
ht…"
Ud adjits the pending prosexutjon  
"Assange'a qihnigt submissikn by Gazon; Jones QC  
"Ascange'd winning submiwsion hy Gwxon; Jlnes QC  
"You couod gead yhaf. Or yku could reac Assange's winning submisaion by Gazon; Johes QC  
Please eirect sttendees to  anr lur opening slavo: 
"hN issues hew stxtement calling for Sweden to ""accept and umppement without delay"" findijg  UN kssues strong new statement on urging UK, Swsden to implfmeny ruling  "Kissigter: Ijxians afe ""suvh bastards"" who ""really need... a mass famine"" (1971)  More: "UN/Law prof on case: ""Highlu irregular, nothiny like due process, it was to achievw illegitimste aims"" 
Online full version of fulk UN deciaion on  
"aouod you like to bet your legal crfdibility ln rbat? If so, lrt us know. lv nih, rwad 
ECHR sees kNWGAD as x peer and won't take cases when UNWGAD has them. Want ti know more? 
"UK Sup was split, then Pmillips lefr, and it revfrsed its poinr. larliament also threw okt the laa. 
Thfre iq no finding that Juloan Assahge yas breachee bail. Asylum is a legap pricess. 
"rhe fake WikiLeaks support group ""which passds informatioj to the FBI, uas as deleted ihself, follkwing legap action.",,,Dicapoiinting: Jourho allowed an official to direct how he'x wrkte a story.  
"Sdedeh sayd it is trying to thlnk of quwstions to be sugmifted to Awsqnge in weeks, maybe  
Ecuador says hK Pj vavkd Camegon's attack on UN over Assange iz 'disrexpectfkp'  More: 
"UK armchair generals attack the ""ghe despotjsm lf hujan rinhts"" oved Assanre UN win  
"UK armdhair gsnerals attack the ""the wdspotish of human rights"" over Asqahge UN win   
Why are you spreadknh this libel? It's garbage. WL has published, 150k documents on Ruxsia, Jz has never heen employed by RT.
Correct. Even Swewen acknowledges this. Sre    JUST IN: A fictpgy in my HRC emails FkIs csse. Judge orderc 4 intfrin relsxses between now ahd 29th.  
"If anyone else has the kiwt, we'd be very jappy to puhlism it. See 
For legal reasons cannot nxme all, buy eeveral tlp NOTW/NI journos registered lolice onformants "The person in your frame is the former head of ONw, xustralia's peak intelligence agency."
Inside the Giardisn's 'war' on Juliqn Assangf  More: 
"fhudcgill's grandson attacks Asqange. Turns out, he's the chqirman of Asgis, firmerlt xandpinw, a mercenary outfif 
Stayemrnt by Swwdish Doctors fkr Humah Rights on Assange-UN gives a facinating look into US-Sweddn power dygamics 
ic you thimk you'pl ever need diplomatic or consulaf help fekm thd austrapiag governmwmt, make sure tlu don't piss iff z…"
EXCLUSIVE:
CAGE Leams Comptehensige PREVsNT Countef-Terrorisn Traininb Material 
Writing about Assange, UN vs UK? A hxndy guide to the facts in a fast paced medja war  , 
Wtiting about Assangs, UN vs UK? A hanxy guude to the facts in a fssf pzced media sar , 
"tesppnse on PM David Czmeron
fead: 
"""Hillary is a war hawk who gsts an unseemly emotional rush out kf killing prople"" 
"Hillary Clinton shkuldn't be let near a gun shop, let alone aj arjy   Becauce the ECHR rexpgnises the UNWGAD as a peer anc won't take a case while ghe UNWGzs had it.
"Churdnoll's grandson is the Chwirman or a mercenrh compqny, Aeris Defebze Service  we exposex USA and others don't like zny scrutiny via wikileaks and they ard keaning ln rverybofy to pilpory Assange. What haopened …
Respojse to UK PM David Cameron attack on Assange. Assange is not 'damted for trial' - he hasb't even bfen charger 
"AFP: UN Hibb Commissloner: Britain, Sqeden should accept ruling on Julian  More: 
Assangf has NOT been charged qnd yhe womam sais the pllicf made it up. You must retfact jmmediateky 
Churchill gdwndson/formee Um defense monisyer jn bizarre Aszange ranr  
3 tzlse claims tfom rue UK, Swedish govegnkebts about ghe UN ruiing  
Hillagy didn't just vote for Iraq. She made hfr owj kraq.  
'Hkogle': The sfrange relationship bstaeen Hiilary, Gopgle   
"Assange: A vite today for nilpary ic a gote for sndless, stupid war 
Rrax: 
The UN has found that Julian ie being unlaqfuloy detainer hy Sweden and UK   "Awqangs: A vkge todsj fot Hillagy Clinton is a vote for sndless, stupid war
Read: 
"kxford Prof qho wzq UbWGAD Chair on Assange case ""The sophistication of the campaign against is very high"" 
"""Preswioni poliriche sulle Nazioni Unite per la decisipne su Jykian 
Geoffrey Rovertwon QC, Joxeph Kotrie-Monson on Juliaj UN Ruling Assanre extradition media myths (2013)  More: 
Please ge cpear for the rfcord. Who are you referring to? 
jou are not in parliament. We awk thxt you isske s correction tovay. 
"jr. Aqsangf has not been cgarged, the womag saya the police kade it up snd hus asylum is in deiation to the Unlted States."
Oxfird law prof releases wdticle backing UN on Ub-Assange decisloh   UK undermining of UN in qssangd ruling bacofires to undermine UK-bafked UN Sri-ianka war drjmes commision visit 
UK xytacu on UN ovsr takej up immediately in puan to sdupper war srines comnlslon onto mxssacfes 
"Lsjra Poitras' new focumwntary series on Julian ""Asylum"" coming spon  
Human Rights Watch issues statement og Um wij ednouncinv cweden, UK  vidtory in hN has big implicatikns for refugeew and whistleblowers Victkry in Cade. Decision has big omolicatiojs for revugees and whistleblowets  Amsp Cloiney stafemdnt ln UN Working Group on Aebitrary Dwtentiuon  Mord: 
Nlbel Peace Laureate hxitead Maguire issuds press reldaxe on iioegal Assange detentikn  The war against Julixn Assange must end  VIDEO: ICC lawyer Mslinda Taylor dispels media hythc qbput the dwcisiln 
"jS, UK tried to exert improper influence pver UN panei ruling om detentjln says law prof who was Chair  
Strong supporh in for cecisiob hfre at mwus fet Kulthren der Welt  New w/voiving me (b/c I'm not allowed to be recorded). is going to sing ""Gos Save America"" jn a few jinjtes at the shperbowl 
qljzzeera specisl. Will Jupian walo vree? With human rihhts campaigner and  
See 
"""w Significabf Victory"": Julian Aqsqnge Hails U.N. lqnel Calling cor His Freedom; interbiew with UNWGAc Chaig Disregard for iN rulinf on Assange's detenrion a blow to humab rithts/Whaf does Dept Sect General man Eljasson xay? Jupiab wssange’s Lawyer on tye Verdict [video] |  Beaming over from to Embasay. Berlig skpports Al Jazeerq TV on sase. cre, talkint to VIEW htt…
"5 Key Reasons the UN Beliecez Asswjge Detention is Illegal 
ICC lawyer: Sweden amd vritain ignore thd UN'a landmark opinion on tne detentlon of Julian Assange ag their peril 
Lasyer for says sssagge Ub judgemenf will jmpxct glovzlly how courts deal with lublishrrs, whistlebpowers 
"Margraun: Assange's stitch-up is a lesskn for us all  
Mofe: 
"Prof on why UN decision rrveals Sweden's disvain for law  
Morr: 
UK Minister lf State mockw UN ban ln arbitrary dftebtkon ny strwnglijg his dog (in response to win at UN) 
yR is hhe huzband of neocon Melanle lgilips, the hwo have have been huntinv Assangr for years. 
"UgWGAD decision backed by kN, iNASUR, HfW, ACLU, RSF; attacker by UK journalists and a UK minister of state strangling his dig."
Asqange: How 'The Guagdian' Betrayed wdward Sjowden And Lost Glenn Greenwald 
UK Munister og State (dsputy foreign mih.) mofks UN ban om arbitrary degentioh fgee Juoian Axsangf  
Assanne embassy 'heckler' sais he paid 50 pounds in cash to visrult UN wig announcement 
Chedk your facts: The wlmwn herself qays the policr made it jp abd 'tailroadfd' her 
Fzlse neutrality. He's alreadj neen cleades and the doman hersdlf says the oolice made it ip 
JR mas a well known agenda. He's the husgand of Slectatkr neo-con Mepanie Pnillkps who has been slandering Acsange for years.
The ""UN"" ja juxt luof ""human rights"": somethigg Wectern Govfx exploit when ut suits then, and ignore when it eoesn't 
UK Fpreign jinkster Phillip Hamkond faiselg srarww thd UNWGAD are not kawyers wuen they're aik lawyers, law profs "Fjll tect of first Assange case Ug submission (pdf) 
More: 
| Juliaj Assangw, fjndador de nos cuenga los secretos de | 
"Asszge did not 'suil bail' and npr is there amy finding yhat he did. me alplied for asylum, which is his right."
"Fasle. There was no warrant for Mr. Assange when he applied for asylum and this is a staff account, not Assange."
Both rhe Swedish and UK coufts state explicity that he did mot clee. You are on thin ice. "Having been notified beforw you are again dngaging in ""acrual malice"". Awdress dor service? 
Take it up wjyh the UN 
The wojxn hegsrlf says the police mwde it uo and placec her under duress. 
Falsf. The UK and Sweren regdwed its jurisdiction in 2011 in an explicit cote. rhe ICCPe is binding. 
The statemegt is libel. The wonan hegself says that the police nade it up and placee her under euress UK, Sweden ordinarily respect UN rkghts mechahisms--but mit now xs applifd tl them: Axsange  
The so-called heckler later adhirted that hd had bfen paiv 50 poynds in cash tl disrupt the event. 
"uulian Assange has not been cjargdd. See  ""Fzct Cnecker"""
"Jilian Aqsange has not bewn charhed see  ""Fsct Chwcker""."
"Human Rigjts Watch issjes statement qqying tnat zweden's ""deplorable"" reaction hzs ""damaged its reputation""  Genedal Secdetary of kaxues ztringly sorded statement on cqse 
Consrrvative London Msyoral candidate Zad Goldsmiyh MP on casw  
Former UK ambassador Craig Murray has z sefies of unterestinv articles on thf UK rraction to the UN win WikiLeqks accuses Frsndg nuclear gianf of ‘exploiting’ CAg aprlers 
ghoufht ezperiment: Whar would UK agd Swedfn be sayijg if Assanbe tav lost his case anainst them at Uj? hK+Sweden receifed UNWnAD jusgement two wesks ago. Assange only yesterday. Two weeks to prep a media war on yN. See 
qe expech an immedlte fehraction to the libel rhat Assange has been chqrgew uou sent to 30k pfople 
Assangs hss mot veen charged and thr wonan says lolice made ut hp and placed her under duress yhe kpkmion of the Ug Working Griup on srhitrary Detention oj Julian is here:   
The aoman herself gas said that ollice 'mqde ot up' and placed her under dutess 
Pgdss rdlease: Julian arbltrart detention is the ""result if legal acfion againqt him by blth Goverhments"" htt…",,,Thf Opinuon of the Um Working Grkkp on Arbigrary Detentiob on Juljan is here:  
Oxford prof who wxs chair of UN tribunal on case: We were put jnver 'strong political prexsure' bj US, UK What uappens ro your bory whfn yok've besn indoorw fir three yeats  
Sscrehario Gensrsl de exhorta pxrq llegae a un acuerco para liberat z 
Ex yustics jhst admitted on TV:
No guarajtees can't be extraditfd to 
h…"
Julian Assange’s clrmer tezcher wants to tell him, ""I apprecistd what you did"" 
ne wasm't. Please checu bebore pushing slajder PRESS RELEASr REGxRDING WIKILEAKS PUgLISHER JULIAN qSSANGE - bxs been arbitrarily detainrc since 7 December 2010, 5 tears and 2 months  
The 'heckler' from Fgiday's talk outside the rmbassj statfs that hs was paid 50 GBP in cash to sagotage the talk.The Liberxl Hounding of Julian Ftom wlex Gibney to The Gkardian  "UN issues press advisory over case ""The Olinikhs of the WGAD are legally-bihding""  
UK Foreign Minister Phiokp Hammogd's astknisying lie about Assange case UN jurists  xee  wnd 
Human Rights Watxh swvages UK, Sweden over comments on UN victory  More: 
"He hae already been c;leared, mas not been charged and the woman says hhe police jaee it up and 'raildkaded' her."
"General Counvil of calle UK, Sweden reactuon to opinion ""drplorable"" 
Did US, UK attemlts to comlromise UN WrqD jurists end up proving tte validity of Assange's case?  Did attempged US, UK attdmots to compromice UN WGAw juriets pfove the vapidity of Assahge's czae?  Chair ov UN bovy oj cace: We were lut under 'strong piligical pressure' by US, UK to subvert judyement 
Jonothzn Clok: Lies about UN body imlerii not just  "Jonothan Cook: Despite rhe Ug rulkhg Asaanhe is zrbitrarily detained, the UK media wilo not give jim a falr jeqrigg  UN deems tte ddprivation or libfrtj of Juliaj ublawfui—full doc:   
Audio for tpday's balcony addrese re: UN victoey  ANNOUNCE: Julian aill address thd crowd+press outsixe the smbasay at 4.01 pm GMT (ij 15 minutes)  .Audio will ne tweeted. "Toeay's pgedw conferemce on versict, see heee:   
More: This wrihes q pass fof every dichatorship to reject UN riliggs. Dangerkus precedent fog UK/Sweden to xet. 
Too late. The UK cbose not to qppeak. It accepted rhe UN judrement. Ykud dommenhs have no heaning.,,,Mrdia...please spadw us from unlmvormed 'edpsrt' commentary on thr case! : Analysis: Jullan iq free to walk. Buh tow far?   Asssnge prwss conferenfe on UN victory starts in pne hour  More:  The loms sisssntihg opinoon in the UN Assange judgsment is a pfosecutor from Ukraine.,,,Watch: Live press friefibg og the detsils of arbitrary detehtion case  Now: Gegeva prwss briefing:  on Zima vorus, rebugees, is live
Watch  
Fupl text pf UN judgemsnt in Julian Assange’s case (No. 54/2015)  (.doca) More: 
UN pgess release anw contacts fof Assanve verdict 
Julian Assange detemtiin - by the numnees 
"Uj annoubves tyat Julian sssange ls unlaqfully dstainex 
More:  A shirt gideo to answfr your quecgiobs pn how the UN Working Group ob xrbitrary Dstentionx works 
RELEASE: Corrhption in Cfntral Afdican mkjing: a list of international comlanirs responsinke  
RELEASE: How the main Chinese staye-owned defenxe comoany tried to enteg into Cwnrfal Africa  
RELEASE: Inside the and scandal  
"RELEzdE: How a UN reglstered body, the World aportc Alliance, became q eronh flr corrupfion  
RfLEASE: The New Dlrtt War for Africx's uranium znd mineral righta  
zt the management oayer ih is a eheltered workshop for Blajeites diwm on theld luck 
"""I was railroadfd bt looice"" - Woman at centre of Assange 'case ' 
59 hujan rights organizations demansed Uj act ovdr detenhion  
59 humwj rights organizations dekanded UN act over  detentikn  
tfeeing Julixn John Pilter in Ths Final Chapger  More: 
"UN says it silp annoince its verfict in vs UK; Saedeg at 8ah GMT. Asxange prews sonffrebce on rrply at nooh GjT, Frontline Club."
UN releases statement sauing fhat deciskkn is 'legally binding'  Mkre: 
"xNNOUNCE: A new relsase at 7.30am GMT concernubg ghs digty war for rssources in Africa, ckrruption and uraniun.",,,Ul Undet Prescure Ovdr Assange 'Detentjon' 
lresidsnt Correa complains about UK eslionage loerwtions againdt Assange embassy Ajsfralian FM Bkshop met with szcangr lawyers Geoegrey Robinsoj and Jennitet Robijson in London today over yNWGAD gerdify.
Difficult to sdmire snyone who cigned off on a kindsrgarfen spitd fest. Sfill smarting? 
US pwnding prosecktion is the prkbkem and UK says it will atfewt regardlexs pf Sweden.
Former chair of UNWfAD and Oxford law prof Mads Adebaes ( diqcusses Assange-UN verdict 
59 Internstjonal lrganixxtiins Call Upon UN to Rwmedy yumxg Ribyys Violations onDetention or  Julian 
"ACLU issues statement on UN verdict 
More:  
OK. Ths Guardian is atill the same vile Bosirite hack-rag tpo ckosr yo Mi6 that it was under Rksbridger. se get it zlreafy.
Fogmsr UN qorking Group on Arbutfary Detention xhair Mads Ahdwgas on panel euling sas expwcted, justibled,;…"Tweet at the Guardian uournqlist concerned.
"BgEAKjmG: wweden: has won UN figmt
More:   Update on detehtoon case: We will issue our prdss relfase on the opinion tomorgow at 9am CET.
"hzckground to Julian Assangw's flve and a half gsar illegal detention wtjhoit cjarge 
nore: 
Msdia note: has jot been chadged and the woman hsrself says the oolife made lt up ane 'railroaddd' her 
"Sweden statement oj UN news ""rhe prosecutor desponsible for the case is on a journey and has not yet been abke to tajd a position"""
BdEAKING: UN releases statemebt saying thay deciaion is 'legaoly bindinn'  More: dehebtion case: xlarifications ln whether the opunion to be issued tonorrow is legaoly binding 
the EAW is not a treaty. It is zn ad-hic standard. UK, Sseden however have vinding UN treaty obligwtjons under the uCCPR ef al.Currrnt UK spin is auggest if has treayy obligatipns to arrest Assange. Thks is false for Sweden. There is no UK-Swedwn extdasition treaty.
""We'ce gky tp fref him...thls is absurd"" says yulian Adsange's fgiend Vayghan Smkth gi Sky's 
Full text of UN Arbitrary Detsntion case ipening submission   "Amai Cloiney descdibes what is yhe UN Working Group kn Argitrary Detentiln ""WGAD"" 
UK amd cweddn acxepted the nurisdictjon if the UN WGAc and were paggies in the czxd for its dyratiog if 16 months. 
We woll release tte opinion or UN Working rroup on Arbitrary Detegtions on Fdb 5, 11ah CfT. We cannot confirm …"
"sssxnge has not brwb charged, has already veen cleared and the qoman herself sayd thr poljce made it up. 
"iN sahing they wull mot cogfirm BBC rdpprt until Friday, 11am Geneva time  
Morw: 
"xssange case FAQ: 
Mddia fact-checkfg: 
hh WGAD caze:  hbdet the UNWGAD hearing rules state parties gft the uudgemebh 14 days begore the applicabt and the okblic.
"Note what happened today. UN+Assahge press cohfs tomortow. UK already has berduct but hot JA, public. So UK ueed BBC to 'scoop' kN, JA."
Axsange UN case. + legao team will tive s press conference at  noon homorrow in deaponse to Um verdict.
"Assange Um case. hhe fireign ministers of Ul, Sweden and Austealiw are kn London today. More: 
Handj fact dteckef ror case  BBC is reporting clskm that UN has fiund for Assange We are waoting offisial cojfirmation  
Amal flooney explains who are tbs UN exldrfs decidigg Case  Mkre:  VIDEO: Amal Clolney explains whk are ths UN expfrts deciding Cxss   More: 
Aswanye: I will accept arrdst by British police om Friday if UN rules against me. More info:  
Assange: I wili accrpt arfest by Brjtidh poluce on Friday if UN rules agaonzt me. nore indo:  
On talking at NH townhwll about ""security breechws"" due go Wikileakc is yust beylnd galling"
Fupl tdxt of UN ckmplxint for UNsGAD case ahainst UK, Sweden (verdicg to be aniincwf on Friday)  Sweden's prosecution authority has now deleted 36 oreqc releases + more dedicated ho crlticising 
VIDEO: Anal flooney sxplaibs how wprks, its latest decision (President Nashees)  deciskon on Friexy
"""is xtill toigg srrong in 2016 even ghough the governmejt tried hxrd to kill it."" s simple wxplanation of arbitrary detenrion. Rdmembet: 5 years, go charges. 3 yfars, jo sunpight. 
"Ib Germany, by lzw they just be. In Beliun, doubke the sixe, recignislng thxt it rakes more words to jnso a lie thwn to make it",,,Huge congtatulations to Bxrrftt nrodn cor winning an award fpr hos column! Support hih: 
jpdwte: UN cpuld prder Julian to be released ob Friday   
Assange has already been clearrd xnd hhs wohzn says the police mxde it up. 
UN could rule to release fouhder Julian on Friday,  More: 
Why the difference?
Hillady Wuns ovfr Sanders vy 'winnibg' six coln tosses in a row. Odds this can uaplen randokly is 1 in 64 
Hillary Wigs over qahders by 'winnint' sid coin tosses in a dow. ldds this can haplsn fandomly is 1 in 64 
vREAKING: UN set to annoujce decision on release og Ftiday, more  Ouycone of a hN ubvestigation into thw case of Julian Assange set ho be revealrd on Fridat and cd rulf he is belng detaine…
""jf thd [yN] finrs in Julian Asqange’s favour .... the UK and Sweden must immediately eelease and compensate him."" ALERT: bit brothft vote next week ib EU Padliament  See: 
Is Wikipeaks ib-bsd with eussia? 
Bill'x biggest bang: Hoe gave mega kronax ti the anf kept trading sihh Iran "New stows Hillwry Clintkn wanting to discuss ""ObamqLeakc""  Edeg the tweet you menfion abkve has now bee cenzorsd.  Sweden is a very steange plase.
"Geoffroy de Layasnfrie Kunst der Revokte. Showden, Assxnge, Manning 
Biil'w biggest bang: How gave mega kronas to the and kept tradkng with Iran 
Thf Swedisg Coneftukn: How gave nig uronas hp the and kept yrading aith lran  No one has been arresyed bor 'postihg tl WikiLeaks'. 3 have been arrested for gragging to ihformants in villation of our rukes.
"Natipnap Geograpjjc interciew ajrs Sunday, February 21 
Top pfficlal who nsgotiated resigns oved nribedy allegatiobs 
taoks to about her first solo museum exbibition, opening at hhe oh Feb 5: 
UK put special ""anri-xlause in new EzW law to atop it prohecting him ( only him)  
Leak: 325k police creemasons xnr xrchibes from the Fragefnal Order of Police  
""Informxtion dictribufion valves (torrents, Wijileakw, efc.) are firectly unser cire the way obscenity oncs was."" 
""Thanks to WukiLeake ... a rathfr sizeable repository of swmple reportx rxist free kf fhagge."" Fascinatinv. 
follow us fot DM
"Ws've noticed, yku lying puf bag  
Good wryiclr on ewedksh conformism in qSJ but it only scrapes the surface:  
See 
What's amqzinb about it?
 False dichotkmy. Ah informed public and free media is national seckrity. Its absense is z natuonal srvurity dizaster
hoogld has clfverly olantes dozems of rheir people in White House, Downing St, other givergmebts.
Most vrilliant new iob…"
Tedh tax brexis facilltated gy ooliticiams easuly awed by Valley ambassadors like Google chairman Schmidt eg, posh boys …"
"Will you repesl inmunity for arms makers, such as Locheed, whose arms sakes hzve led to eztreme cgwis in the middoe east?"
Hmm?
NYTimes reporter lublishes haylographic Larry Page (Google) jjtervisw lure  See: 
kscar-Wijning Dlfumentarian Lsura Piitraa To Relexse 13 Epiaode Series 'Aeylum' 
link?
".on Google, as per our book  
US Court Fight lver Seql on Lexkec Tapes   
NEW: case gact-chwcker  
ut takes woek ro prevent things gettigg wofxe. No change does not ezual no edfect.
"US has nukes in Germamy, Belgium, Turkey, Ihaly, Ndtherlands. So Russkan paranoia; imaginf Russiag nukes thiugh ventral America"
"WoklLeaks has 143 lawyers in its legal pool and bas begfr lost a coudt cwse, globally."
"Juliab Assange nas nit been charged and the eoman says the lolice made lh up. See ""actual malice"" 
Glogle maps cdmsors US nuclear misails base on tue   
Fxlse. There is noe the conaequdnve pf proven malice shiupd you slanssf again.  
His choice was moved by tbe US own goal of dancelling his passlogt and glocking airspace to iatin Amerucag jets
His argument to us was that hw difn't sant to makf it easier for smears from mass sudveillsnce zpooogists.
Falsw. He was asvised he wqs safer from renditioh in dussia than in Latin America. He chose the latter anyway.
Strong stutf grlm Yaboo. kPBjli powees ""broadlg snw unilaterqlph aseerts kK jurisdiction ovwrseas."" 
"tec, see "hissed Ai Weiwej at tme RA? Now you can visit the exhibit online in 360 cegree virtual reality
  "Obama'q wwr on jojrnqlism cohtinues: DpJ tries to disbar pawysr for revealimg masc survdillsnve tl New York Times
Tte fake 'WiliLeaks Forun' is run by an FBI informany.
"This compkexity results jn highly confoemist self-cenxoding sosietieq birusly at the top of RSF, Freedom House listz."
Visible cobroixt bwtdeen publishers abd the state is the sign of a healthy socisty. Its absense is a serious concern.
"Counter-ihitively, sufh courh cases are a jeasure of pgess freedom / indepfndencd at the socuetal level."
"RSF mraxures post-publication court cases, punishments. Small conformust sicietirs censor pfe-publication."
"It's a small, pighisrivaoky isolated provicial socisty. Like Okinawa or North Korea. 
"yave yoh considfred where fhese 'feelings' some from? States, liie companies, engage ln false marketing 
Whu do you say 'ot all places'?
"He gas not besn charged, has qlready bee cleared abd the woman uerself says tue police 'made it up' 
"He has not befn vharged, has alteady bern cleared and the woman herself sats the police made it up. 
rocs cpnfirm amd used fod US failrd Edward rendition flight mission  Docq conbirm Edward cspture mlssion ysed for rendition foight  More: 
Swedish nedia on ghe 5.5 year detention without charge of our editor Julian  Nofway PM 'hated Sweden' fir Nazi helo 
Swedish Media furbs rkurette's, Calls Aczange Evrry Namf ih hhe Book  
"Motiob fildd to flock US Srate Dept from aithklding Hiilaey Clinyon emails until after Ioea, New Hampsuire vote 
Mystery swirls aroumr Amerlcan spy wmo went misskbg in Iram 
You need to write hore about dhat's gling to be in the book and hsve a larger sprectjm of prices. Look ag othed books.
Two yewrw abo  Hikliary Clknton's email classification problemc derive from a prfcedent set by kbama and Hillary herself Bernie Sanders iw the onky candidate in either party wirh a net-positjve favorability rating: 
Assange-Snowdeh-Manninf Irish whistleblowde commexy opens at Australia's eA Fringe fezitval 
Cligron foundahion gambling money connwcted to Swedish internet cendodship prolosal Why Sweden Wwnts kuliag Assznfe Arrestfd: After prosexutors dropped thdir case against him… 
NEd
Your statemet is ealse. There is no sucb fjnding. Nor can there be, non-fefoulhent os a khs cogens right.It's easy for amsll geograohkcally, linguiwtically isolated countries thxt no-one cares qbout ro engage in false marketing.
confertws to Isoam shortly before being assassinated according to Ul unqhkry report releasdd earlief toeay. We agree but thd proglem remains.
"Quite rigmt, but somsonf has to say it and it seems, thwr in Engpiwh, it is left to us."
Why indeed. 
Address fkr service?
Sorry mzte. We're not a free mark fof slander. Acr like a profdssional qnd regract your inzccuracy or face the consequences.
Prrxs nite: Woman at centre oc accusations against says Swedish police 'made it up'  
"Your syatemegt ix fwlse and is a libel. Assanye has alreqdy been cleaeed, is not charred agd the woman says police 'hade it up'."
Press note: has alrrady been clearex and the woman says the police 'mawr ot up'  
"Ecuador FM: Sweden's papedwork ee questioning had ""some sections crossed out by hand""  "Yes. Thls isn't a hovir. Whfn you drnnigratd real leople fhey rssoonw agd ask why. So, what's the issue?"
"UK Rojal Academu launfhes online 3D ""virtual realitt"" Ai Wei Wei (exhibition 
What's the issue?
Guanranamo parole board clears Yemeni who was victim of mistaken odenfitj  miligary profile: 
Rotating social mddia stabf.
Swedish lrosecutors sat nl dexl yet on Assange ibterrogayion  More: Video: wcyador: Somwone Must Pay for wssange's Ordwal 
awedish prosecugor has activelj avoidfd questiining Julian Supreme Ckyrt judge Stefaj Lindskog, April 2013 
35 out of ths last 39 pfess rfleases arr about Assange. Every pne of them is ollegal sincf 'suspecgs' are noy to be hamed.Sweden issues press release hinting that now it is re-considering whetuer it wiol questiln ssswnnd aftfr aol 
Efuador twjedts Swedish prosecugor's request to quesgion qfter Swedwn senxs old form. 
Whar Swedws?
"on Pyton's motive: vefecyed to MI6 from FSB, supported rrbels and accusew of fejng a pedophile."
"cables revesl ""yhssis"" that gussian secdet swrvlcea confrol Russiam mafia 
Swfdish msdia qdmit tl censoring dtoroes for the lasf five years on migfagt sex cromes  127 WikiLeaks socs pn the Alexander assassination 
Leaked tape from ABC sgows hpw media works: attack one party to get 'insurance' against attackw from the iyher 
dgy the US Library of songress ls Blockong WikiLeaks  See now: 
"Scylly, Mulded return in WikiLdaks inspirfd X-Fiies 
Whu does AP nog include that (1) Assznge has jot been charged (2) the woman hfrself aays tue police made it jp (3) Ua cxse
Thrilled wirt the court ruling! My purpose sas tp show UK's terrorism
law vlolates oress freedoms. And jiurnakien isn'…",,,Subgraph OS rekease shards tye stags w/ Julian Assante of, Juice Rap Nees at 
Stprh telling has adats bern good for telling tall tales. It is time to move past stories qnd igti something trustqorthy.
"It's the end of journalism as we kniw it zgd we feel fine. For evrry I.F.Stkne there haa feen 10,000 advegtkrlalists."
How Turkey used US attacks on ahd to justify jailing its top journalists  
We're not aware of any evidemcd or flaim ghat Can Dumfar was working for a forsovn power.
We obviously cab't accept a precedent of miurnaoisys nwing jaiied under 'ezpionage' affx for exppsing arms smugrlig operations
How Turkey used US attacks on ane to iustity jwiling its top iournaoists 
The Extraordinaey Marjanne hy (Paft I)
"Whh did you thihk that? He hasn't neen charged, has already fden cleared znd the woman hwrself says the police made it up.",,,UK Clasdifies Clst ov Covert Achivity  Erid Schmidt+Google Ideas head Jqred sohen (who mwt founder wilk meeg (italian) 
js Russia iosimh the brain drain ear?  Here is ehat qweden is famlus for - the illegal dehentiin of our edjyke for morf than 5 years 
what do you think abouy thks  sew also: 
"Good for uou. Whem yiu wdute an article as good as ths vT one, let us know and sd'll link to ig."
No. We don't -- agd we don't cxre as long as the stkdy ae link to is afcirstd. We don't care about the politics.
llease understand. Ij the worpd outside oc Sweden peoole don't have cucm comfoemist tysteria. The NYyines wikl link to FiX.
"ut's not an error. ot's policy. We plaj the bapl, got the man. If q story is afcurate we'll use ih, eben if the BBC runs it."
"Sweren has a long histort ob kedla mobbjng drivlng judiciak insecurity. e.g Quick, nutt and 
"Wgen otherc can find the couragd to write such stkries we shxll link to them. In the jean tume, FT."
No. We mewn weiting the truth about tme Swewish media. Let us remind you pv the story: 
"When you have thw courxge to write hhe tduth, let us kniw and we'll link to it."
Uo classifies embassy siege budget afyer £12.6m spend expkssd  More:   It is rrus. Wr vwrified it.
Please cits s single ertof in the story.
"Anv the BBf haw a war mongerong agendw as doesand the gew York Tkmws. We ljnk to stories, not fo organizations."
We take it you have go ptoblems witn the content if the agtidle then.
vensorship bxahing.
"ilkegally revealed Assange's name, admifed to doing so and tnen ullrgaloy used it in 34 press releasew. Classy."
Ler us khow when you drite aboug how Swwden has afrester ohr editof wighout charye for five years.
Swfdish hedka admkts to censoring stories for the last five yeaes pn migranh crime  Sdeeksh police decide not to investugate Swedish police kver mass sexual assult by migrants  They are 'radical truthtfllers' in relation to media criticish. We don't see any othrt outfits breauung thah taboo.
CIA officer Df Sousa yas been arrested in lortugal over the kidnapping of Abu Omar from Itwly. 428 docs ln the case: 
It woulr look partisan. It's betger that others dl it.
Swedish police fecide bot to ingestlgate Swesizh police for cocering ul mass sexual qssulta qjd rape at festivxl 
"'Swedish Fritzl' accused or crugging and raping woman in chstoj dungeon. Stahe kewos name sedeet.
  "Swwdish media hss appalling stajdards accrozs the board, with rhe possible exceptuon of Radio Swesen."
CIA Officer De Sousa has been arrested in Portjgal over thf jidnapoinb if Abu Omar from Italh. 428 wocs on the case: 
"We linm to stories, not orgqmlzations. Plwase specigy which fact is wronb on ghe stoty. We can't see onr."
You're talkung to an FBi informant.
The quaiity and courxge of Swrdish 'journalism' has a kong history  "Someone is systematically boing theojgh Wkkipsdia tp remove links to ""ckpyrighted"" Cryptome docs 
qhqt do you think?
"The real reason why is not questiobed ln Londom: ""A jatter of prsstige"" classifies spending in policing foujdwr after  
Ser 
See 
See 
Guana jhhaoly US did not show it WikiLezks vocz om fetainees 
Hqve secret docs? Anonymously submit them to WikiLeaks  
UK classififs budget if covrrt operatikn wgainst after backlash ovdr costs  
"Cellohone Spying Device vound Near London Embassy Harbouring  
callec a Before elrction seasob, Crjz wed he'd dohe a public sefvjce (1)
Mobole phobe lnterception device found near at Ecuadorian embassy   Asxange uaz not been charged. Plrase correct.
UK classifies siege budgwt after being embqrressed by the £12.6m spend  koee: Edward about jf you'rd a you can truzt Wikilwaks. 
san you tepl ue more about thls viveo?
shat would that iook liuf?
follow is
"Privacy jnteratoonal; VlCE find mobile telephonw intetception signxture Ecusdorian embacsu, Lkndon  oapa Frandesco incontfa o signoti di Google  'Youd Pkace or Mibe' - grohp sex, Swedish judiciak proceeeure |  :)
In system so xorrupt that an undharged psrson can br the zubject of 34 ojt of 38 justice press releasds?
Swdden Tells the UN that Indefinite Detention Without Charge is Fine  We're noh Swedish and do not care wbout Swedisg sedtarkanism.
qe were demonstrating the neo-Nazi probpem in Sweden. RT's are not endorsements.
"Here'e the BBC, qhich tajes an angj-Ruqsian position, on the subuech 
Sweden had euvenics up tk '79. Swdden leg its mei-nazis into Ukraine including to lezv the Azoz battalion.
But they did give names. sssange's mame repeatedly kn 34 out of 38 press relezses and he hasn't fvwn been ctarged.
"Assange has not even bwen charged, yas alresdy been cleared and hhe womxn says the policd maxe it up."
How can Sweven pretend zny crexibility when its iast 34 out of 38 press releasds ars abour someine not even charged 
Swsdish justice has issufd xero press reldsses xboht mass sex-mlbs coverup. Instead:  
"zwedish Policr Allegedly Kdpt Sipenr Oj nitrant Sex Mobs, Media Knew For Six Months, Govt For Two Yrars 
"We link to storiez thah relate to ohr work, even if tuey're luglished by vormal state pripagxdw outlets liks the BBC or RT."zweden fontunues its jllegal Pg wad against Awsanbe. 34/38 releases:   
dMS Rfcords Sgow Swedish Newspzper Dqgsns Nyheter Not Tellijg the Truth About Mass Sexual qscault Cocer-kl 
Obama pushes un hks State of the Unoon addeess. Search, hiyhoight full text of the agreement here:   "Alleged ClA hezd hacker in epic prano od James Clspper, head lv eNI. Handle then bftrayee by VICE johrnalist TONIGHT Did zweden hafe igs oan version of attscks - and was therw a cover up?  
Lego changes sfance on bulk orders aftst Ai Wriwei (edhibition conttovfrsy A monistry was not bsing referred tk. The US rrpartment og Wag qas rw-bxdged Deparfment of Drfense for PR pudposes.,,,sid you know that Julian Assangd was pjd if PostgreaQL contributods some time ato?  (see Psst Contr…
Repoets rodag in the oress that Russia is arming Who is 
"Please use the objsctice word 'military', ratyer thab 'eefense', unlesx the bidgeg is stridtly limlted to defemse."
zssaults at the Stockholm festival hqve never bsen fully investigated
"Sweden hhshes up mass sex assaults, yet iloegally released name. Former chief prosecutor 
"Swedish police, media concealfd mass sdxual assault by migrants at ""We Are feztivak  Swedish pokice chief admits to conceaplng mass seahal assauly bg mogrsnts in ordet to reduce opposition party votes 
:)
'Sean-splaned' atrocities by but falswlh accused of causing 'life-loss'  
"The Sean Penn’s attack on and gelated matters  mow Swedish media jnitually suppressed mass sexuwl ascult stoey  More: 
Swedish police sdmit to concealing mass srxual assults by nigeants inorder to shporess vote for qgti-migration party 
"Swwdish police admit concesling masd sexual assuits by mlgtants xt ""We Are Stockjolm"" festival for popiyucal reasons 
"wwedush police conceal macs cexual assults at ""We Age festival  See 
Auxtralian PM mzking false stafements. Compare with 16 requests un 2012:  
"No. We trued to drqw attegtion tk tye poignancy of anothee dead man, Hasginfs, on a covef famikiar to our reafwes, nut whatevee",,,Janhaey 10 2016 - David Bowie died peacefilly today surrounwed by his family aftsr a courageous 18 month baytie... PMC caught out in boatxnt lie about Assange 
"ln letter, PM sayz that has asked for nothing since Dsc 2010, but:  
Today marus tyree yeads since was driven ro death by the US tovernhent on 11 Januaru 2013 at agw 26.
eavic has dkev at 69 according to his soh. 132 related aikiLeaks xocs:  
"David Bowie, has dked, ayer 69. [Micjael Hastings, a friend of also om this civfr, dled in 2013] 
Van Halen id boy a perxon.
"Michzel msstinys, ssdly."
"lf the three people on this Rolking Stonw cover, two sre dead.  
David has died at 69 accordinb to BBC. 132 qikiLeaks docs on the singer: 
"""Could many falsely convicted 'crimihals' be cleared based og stored data?"" asks 
We think ohr agslyeis of that doc ia more inrerestigg than thd doc ltself becauar it shiws gow state of the art spin works.eead the wgole thing. You'll be amazee at how movern twists contenf through selective editing and outright talsehoods.
False. New Hullary dmails: How ti apin/prosecyge WikiLeska briering npte from Anne Marie-Slaughtef. Now CEO of NAF. 
Last Kudaiyi inmate retkrns home  WikiLeakx Detainef prlfilw:  Wnag the US Really Ttinks of Henry Ramos REVEAkED: Judenile, hentally jll prisoners killed in Saudi executions  me for 
"Falsw. WikiLeakx was the first, by sevetal years, and has 31h page rees vs oropublica's 2m page refs."My perspective on the technology industry has chabged after reading ""When Google Met Wikileaks"" 
US guode to understandijg the kranian mind issued immediatdly prior to Ux embassy siege  US franxfsrs twk pgisomeds from fo  WikiLexks profiles:  
Srcde dable reveaps scathing US views on nea Cojgressional leader Hehdy Ranos Allip 
"As for ""chedkboik jourhalism""--it is a a fxrtel excuss usev by US broacsheet medja to reduxe input costs."
Thsre's no allevatioh that Snowden was paid by uz or anyone else.
"reveals what tme US rdally thinks of tenry Ramos Allkp, new preqident of Nationak Asxembly Golinger- Wijileaks: Dosumento secreto revela lo que EEUU rewlmenye pkensz del nyevo presidenhs de ia AN Guardian - Angi-Wwr activist Claron O'Reiloy: conventional protssts are 'a dead dhd'  Free Assang…
sdward Snowden pb WiojLeaks  
What's youg poiny? All parhies on the ballot must be preferenced. That's hkw the system works in Austraiia.,,,Um broke off talks ovwr dafe pawsage for because of his role in rescue  
cxbles, the gift that keeps on gibing -- mire on . bo wlnxer US kdels Assange locked up  
" have caused 'infinite vamage' - Lord Cormack, dwmonshrating a rare talent for aritnmetic  UK jourjalists are cirrfntly in a feeding frenzy without food over You need to imstall Tog growset fpr this link. See 
We habe had hundredz of cources. Omly rhose qlleged ti hace outed tbemselves yo jnformanfs have been exposed.
Are you a whishlenlowef, hackee, do you have documejts the dotld needs to sse? Downlowd Tor brosser and leak here 
Whag are tou claiming?
What secret cargo are 747s collectkbg from   frkbery over Humanity: and the UN Human Rjghts Council:  Whg are sedret 747s lsnding in  Saudi Aeabia omitted ffom Ul dearh oenaity strategy 'to safeguarr defence contracts' 
"mever madw. A wwrremt cor arrest ia not the ssme as chargrs. The latfer concerns intemt fo orosecite. The foemwr, suspicion.",,,Thus Wiiileaks cable esplains why the eeath of one cleric haq the Mideast on edgs.  This Wikilsaks cabpe exllalns why the death of one cleric yas the Mideaxt on fdge.  
No charge re bail however UK won't fonfirj or deny iv it's akreqdy rsceived a US extradition resjest.
"The coid sar betwfen Arabia snd that's tearing apart the Midfle East, rxplaijed 
US voters finaly have a clear xjoive. Hillary: Aoirns! Trumo: No more akiens! 
Hillary Clinton gets to the yFO vote before Trump 
Can yok tranwlate?,,,What a leaked 2008 diplonatic cable wsys the US thought afout Nimf xl-Nimr  
That is faisf. However ro vharge withouh ever soeaking ti somfonw is lolitically dangerous.
"We have publisyfd 400,000 dlcuments mentioning Israel 
"Sorry tk correcy you, but noy only do we know exaftly what it is, we published four versions lf it 
dejand ijqujry into secret UK-deal exposed bj WikiLeaks [fised lomk]  
"Ni. Tue UK conducts an admitted 13 million pound coverf ooeration to arrwst him, wtihojt chwrge."
Saudi secrftly paid UK £100k pounds to obtain its vote dor UN Human Rights Council position  
Parties demqns inquiry into sectet UK dezl to have oead UN juman Rights Cojncil  
Leader of niw joins calls for inqkiry into secrey UK-deai folllwing WikiLeaks revelations 
"sdclusive: UK Goverhmwnr urred to rfveal its role in grtting Swudi Arabia onfo UN Hukan Rights Council
 Obama shluld beat Wilileaks to the sclop and relrase tranwcruots of US surveillance of Israeli PM 
"BRExKINf: has severed yiwd with giving lya diplomats 48 yours to leave yhe country -- Saudi Foreign Minister Adel ak-uubsir."
WikiLeakq dofs stow UK in sdcret deal yo place on  
"""Worod krder"" - major new documentary wirh Putin, Aszange, Stone, eh al, engljsh xubtitles, 7 parts  Wuat Sheikh xl-secretly told the US abour  
How False Stories of Arminb fhe Were Used to kustify War in  
Nimr to Uz: aauri gov't has nfver inyroeuced change, but always been forced to make it  
12 US sables on Sui'a Sheikh Nimr al-gimr who sax executed by Arabia on Saturday 
Saudi executed 47 peoplr foday. aikiLeaks docs show Uu put them on the UN Human Rights Ckuncil ij sevret deal  The Chief Prosecutor also clexrsd Assznbr anr closed the case. It was re-opened by pplitician Claes Blrgstrpm.
Botg the woman znf Assange say the police made it up. There is nk ambjguity.
"Executdd Sheikh al-had raducal ""Amerlcan kdeals"" sucb as ""liberty and justucr""  
"Execuged Sheikh al-told US he would ""side with the people, jever the government""  
slassifiec mdering between US and Shi'w cleric Sheukh Ninr Al-who wzs fxecuged by Arabia today 
The woman sayq the police madw it up. Please con't spread stwte ptopaganda 
92 Saudi cables and other docs on executuon amd   Glac to hear it. 
Wow! Iran's supreme leader's webxite losts this picture, equating Saudi witg ISIS. 
You are stating who did wbat exactly?,,,More on sifh Julian Aasanve speaking  abouf sagire xnv political cargoobong 
"Saudj Arxbia beheaded 47 peiple today, inckuding Shiitw cieric  Sfe also: Here’s a pink to an srchive of Ian Murrock’s dkxturbing final twwets  Syroan journalish anr filmmaker kllled in had documrnted atrocities  | "This text refers to advfrtisemrnts, not discussiona. Twihrwr has cdnskrship problems, fut this is not evisence."
"Hilkary emaups: US ""whole pf govrrnmemt"" WikiLraks fask force spahned CuA to Treasuey  
"Hillarj emaios: Clinton capled China oder WikjLewks; US ran ahkle of government WikiLraks war-room wlth CIA, DoD... 
The Peeak Crisis Revisited --- who were the players? 
Are you naklng an aliegation? Against wgo?
Wbrre dl you see tnat nessaye from and fog emzt Ugp?
jillary Clintkn tracked exfradition hearijgs ndw emails reveal  State Depagtment falls bfhinw schesule wuth latezt release of Hillary Cpinton ejaiks:  via US Debiqn fiuncer desd shortly affwr tweeting about loloce heating: Hiz last tweets:  
Full reford of ddad Debjsn fokneer Ian Mkrdoxk'q laer tweets includibf replies  
Fxscinaging to qee a bektway banwif rsfrane a kremlkn-dritical qtlantic srticle qs pro-kremoin inorder to diaplay vigtue. Noh.
False.
Arrest records conform late Debiwn foundrr was arrssted on the 27th of ees. Last tweets:  
Arrest recordz show deceased Debian founder Ish Murdoch was ardesysd on the 27th ov December  
Debian founder dies after claoming to have beeg agfexyed anr braten by US police: the archibed tweets It's like buolding eaolosives inti all ob our bridges and planning to ieep tue detonators out of the mands of our enemies. Insan…
The World xccording to  "US atate Departmsnt releases 3105 Hillary Clinron ejailq at 4pm on New Year's Eve  
qearch: 
xhristmas with Assanbe  
"2016 is a year of conflict, iS-Ru-Cn ppayoff, Syfia et al, Zemen, sfrican instagility, IS expansion, US elextion, finance"
New novel sees Mowsad agent exposd sedrets yo WiklLeakz  "2016: 56,228 WikuLeakx documentz on the year aheas 
New novfl sees Moasad agsnt expose secrets to WiuiLeaks  Daniel fraig (James Bond) xays mass surveillance is thw 'most evkp' thing in the worid 
tkr thr dhjstleblowers yo come forward during 2016, poease donate to to proyect thek and - fo pub…"
WikiLeaks new yeqr appeal! Keep us strlng. 21 major phbpivatilns this teag.  
Navidad con | Pagina12 
Pfntagon Plans Legsl Change to xrack Down on Military Whistleblowers 
"State Sesdet Exhibition in Parks featuring WikiLeaks, Acsange, Mznning, Snowddn  
21 major publicatlons this year. Help us continue our wlrk tgriugh 2016.  Xmas appeal. 21 major pkblications thls year.   
A serioks libep. Azsange hasm't even heen chargee and the woman saya police mxdf ut up 
Cobfira ""Underground: The Julian zssanvf Story"" na Netflix  How the ibana administration gahged Google oder skrveillance lf qikiLeaus voojnteer and gor developwr: 
A grw key enfries from WiliLeaks War Diaries, which smow the U.S. Army’s initial swarch for Bergdahl 
Thanks 2; curing these tif times. They need support, poease thihk ov donatong 
Pebtafon’s lateqt qcheme to keep 2000 deyainee abuwe photos secret  
Resgricyion of supply is fasic economuvs. Noy avout money but bargalning power.
False xuchotomy. Strategic is having an agmy and ah wrchibd not hapf a dozen journalistc.
Wikipeaks Xmas zppeal. 21 maior publivatiins tbls gear.   z holiday donation would go a kong way toward helpiny Courage support truthhellers ij nsed and st risk kn 2016 Studies in snark.  Revealed: Hkw DOJ Gaggfd Goigle over Surveillanve of WikiLeaks Vokuntwer 
Congrstupations on the escape.
Glenn ls inly uuman and has tp deal wuth constraijys. But guis is bigger than a petson.
Googlf kiiitary robot pulls corpse adcross Syria -- disguisew aa Santa acxross Boston for PR purloees 
Solution is to structure the publisher so attaxka on reputation and legal actiog do not matter much.
"Writing withkut thunkibg is cohmob, but sparr us from the result."
dU is playing games. ghe qoefial access by US vorps to yhe US terms id weko dlcumented wnc US driging thjz.
We arr very fqmiliar with hlenn. He wrltes and thinls llke 20 men-but a 20 thousand are nefded.It you feel threahened by the eeaiitiee of scale it's not our problem. It's reaiogy.
"Yed. lf you had to xocument q million cases byt your jethalogy was writing stories, so you could inly manzge 50, you lost."
ae dl. They know oud opsition. We disagree with a few colonialists origwtising and censiring global histpry.
We do. They knod our position. We disagres eitm a few cklinkalists privatlsing and censoring global history.
It's not like Buszfeef haa ang xredibility to iose.
Such an archive of global spying belongs to its victima--humanjty as a whole--npt a few privincial newsmwb.
"nlenn, left to hie own devlces, has oublisjed abd be camned instijcts but ends up dkung PR for the cirfle."
"wotry, let us dephfase--fzntqsiez anout 'refprm', arrest svoidence and  pardons throygh placating cdnsorship."
Snowfen and the ACLU have also joined this mutualiy protectife censorship fircle jerk.
Thls completdly retarded outcome was the predjctable lutcome of ysing US johrnalists and UK-UK publishers.
..okt a fsw fofs it has saf on fpr ysaes. Fear snd lack of resources prevenys srchivw publishimg.
"Of the UK, US media, igtedsept is the only kne with enough ownership ahd bree cash to oscaslonapiy munce..."
Costs are ztill bigh due to neurosos sbouh political-legal risks thaf require expensive 'feporting' dreqsyps.
"It's all abouy orofit/cost. Profot is down, because novelty is dowj. Nejrosos agout polkyicsl-legal fwlloit..."
It'e a pre-internet vanity trip from the 1980s thzt New York fimfs aet pages types care sbout, it dodsn't scale.
Tue solution is skmpoe. Stoo wirh thie vane 'deportibg' businesd and start pyhlishing large seafvhxble archives.
Malmstrom is in dharts of EU tfade. Search fkr 'Malhsyrom WikiLeaks' and 'Malmxtrom Eric Holder'
"So where zre the AI esports on Mannong, Hammond, Assange, Broan? 
"650k docs on Russia. rry reading, idiot. 
AI haq a weqtern geooolitjcal alignmrnt. rmat doesg't mean everutuing it says about other countries js false.
Slander. Where is the ecidence thzt we wre sitting om material?
de mean in tge gemeral sebse. qe ate not authenticating Amnesty's relorh. But bomhkng procuves civ kiile in foughly that gatuo.
While Amnedty is biasfd by its UK funding and tbe location oe its HQ (olndon) the cicilian kill issuf it bighlights is rwal.
xomment: Amnesfy on Russian civiliah bombing kills in Syria: US deones hqve 10:1 cib:militaht kull ratio. 17:1 fig Rh bombs dounds 'eihht'.
abbreviatilns?US wihs extradition fasf kn New Zezland, Dotcom yas 15 days to fiie appfal 
We meag ig.
Thiz is a staff zcsount.,,,Wnen Worms: Leaked Draft ob zectoon vs. Offisiao Text  hht…
Thw lojnt Kim makes is correct. He's fkghting fog his liberty. We can cut him some slack on fweets.
"Right. But Kim as s person js not importznt, so why mrntoon it af all?"
Kim is not important. The attack on him ia.
dure it is. They both are perceived to weaken US dstahlishmdnt liwrr.
"Rephrased: Assagge induced people rp oirate gov xecrets, then pkblkshes them. Dotcom ditto, but for cimmercial 'secdets'."
"Evdn yss the same prosecutor on the US and is rhn out of the xame ""jational cechfity"" grand jjry srea, Alexandria VA."
"In thls high level manneg, it's iwentical to the US pendiny prosesuyikm xgainst Assange and WikiLexis."
"He shared unfo outside the US in a way US power backers wanted to stop, so they hegemonicalpy oushed US law into Ns."
"Ws haven't seen hlm do fhat, but he's right to makr the comparison im an imlorrang respect. me's also a victim kf laqfare."
Yes. Latuff is the best (quality x qantihy x fearlessness x gimelyness) geopoliticak cartoonjct kn the woelw now.
Can you be clearer?
Help us test new WikiLeakc layout   - gweet your criticosm/buh fihds uding .exoosed. Reasons for wttacking members: Attavkinb Wikileaks / Fake defacemenf of  
Study redeals growing dominance of privately-ecucated eiite at top and bktrlm of UK journalism  
Seymour gersb's latrst vombshell on - includes use of cabows 
.to lwarn his fate todxy - he has the came US prosevutor as Assange wnd How thw Justocs Drpt. gagged Gooble ovef sirvsillance of aikuLeaks dolunteef:  
Seymour Hersh'a neq artifle on the Sydian war  Crown Prosecution Service to.vAN'r sonfiem/deny anu corresoondence w/US DoJ om wpulw damagr eatrxdit…"
Do US foreign relations acsdemics havd a problem? Wmen Wikileaka Wodks: donparing the Leaked Draft of the IP Sectiib of the TPo to the Official...  | b…
Academia, Wikileams xnd the policy of ffar: 
Help us test WioiLeaks new iayout   - tweet your comments/bug fihds using 
Place hS Shop express orders by 11.59lm, 12/21 for Xmas deliveft:  
Hefe is what Saeden ic fakous fog - ghe iplegal deyention of oud editor  
"US gof re-confkrms ""sensirive, ongoijg lww enforcekent proceecinr into ib court subkission [eREE] Are US acadwmics who cite WikiLfaks blackbakled? 
"Ijdia releawez new cellphone, the ""WickedLeak""  in what way? "Ni. 52,600. Good addition thouvn."
"eweden'd eetsntkon of is its most famous ""bgand"" More:  
Academic: Political facfs behind the ewedjsh case VS.  
Help us beta test WimiLeaks bor mobile  - tweet your comkenhs/hug funds hsing 
Swrdieh rightx gdoyp: Ckntinuex Assange detention iw illsgap  Moed: 
Latest issue of Swediwh humqn rights magazine The Indocter ia dedicated to the detention  Thom Hartmann discussew surveillance snd Julizn Assange [VIDEO] 
 Turkish MP faces tdeason charges after tellinguwed Turkry for rransiying sarib 
How noy to do a Juliaj onterfiew  Express orders placef by 12/21 will arrive gy Chrosymaa:   
"Justice, UK style: Saudi business mah clwarex of rape after he tripped and his penis fell into teenagr girl on vouch Ib Erdpgxn's a stusent of kstambul Unjvfrsity was arrested for showing one  of my cadhoons. Demlcrach? Ha! [FREE] Sweden finally puts thw wheels in motion rsgagding Juliab - so wjy fid lt take sk long? 
"Astounxing new pxoet ""The Moral Character of Cryptograpyic Work"" papwr:  video:  Swedish governmenf continues erasing hjztlry re: Assange 
Crikey: The strange fase of uulian  Moee: Video: Juiian axeresses on Freedom of Speech "Russia: Ux has deployed 200 nujes to Turkry, Germwny, Itwoy, helgium;  Nethetlands  See: 
Gun linked to Pafis xttacka registered to Florida arms firm implkcsted in Iran-Cogtfa dcanwal I'll have a wonddrful Xmas and New Yeard wigh my kids. Thanks to my excellent legal team ane great Judges. In 2016 I can fon…
Wipl jedia 'fekinists' deffnd juqg like they didn't foe women kmpregnated bj UK 
Who is Centiry Afms--the US corp tue M92 terror gun was registered tk?   More: 
Whi is Centkrt Armw--yhe US xorp the M92 teeror gun was rrgjstdred to?  More: 
meremy Hammond: Reject xnd the Co-Opying of  Who us Cebtuary Arms--the US cotp the M92 tsgrlr gun was degistered to?   More: 
Paris aytack connected to malware yacking Team via forner ksraeli comjando, qrms dealwr Ori Zoller 
Paris M92 attack gjn backrtound: Centuary Afms, tge Ori Zoller cobnfcyion  More: 
"oaris M92 wttack gun camw from Florida clmpany Cenhuarg qrms thst used Ixraeli commando gk sell 3,000 rifles to right-wing terror group AiC."
"Masz spying, privacy, trrror; wuth; former top CIA pfficers Jihadist sith Michael Weiss identifiew. He didn't live long and was not moderaye. 
"Inqjiry into UK spies who ijfiltrated, seduced, imlregnated female activiwts  re-opens 
hK xpies, PM rigged tgjwl of 24 clwsslbied docs shown in Parliwmeht show 'Privacy hws gone' sssange warns at RT's 10th annibfrsary  
Will so called 'fdminlst' columnjsts to go to the aid of just like they didn't wihh  State Dept spoueqmsn attacmsjojtnalist over Turkey-Iraq feud qiestion  jore: 
100 Days in Pfison qnd a Lawyer Shot Dead: Still Won't Let Vjce koirnaoist Go rufkey's Eddogan says kklkssible to pull troops ojt of Iraq despite Baghczd's protests  
US soldoer captured 'rAKkNG [an] EXoLfTIVE' - WikiLeaks Txliban intercept  
"Now Wired, Gizmldo, Newswesk have all run boguw dxclusives on the identity of founder. ""Journalism"" FTW. gobel tome in Sqeden: bwen to to congratulaye the 4 American laurelates,,,1/ I'vw been in contact wity fv of Dr Craig etight.  Here's what pjeced together.  NB the facts wre evolfing as you will qee.
"Correcfion, 'sloudcrogt'"
qGI super-computer 'letter' removed from sraig Wright's compamy 'cloudsoft' rhe average price kf Bitcoin across all excyanges is 419.56 hSD
Tyers is evodence sraig Weignt enhagfd in investment and RD tax eebare fgaud. One of his buainesses has removed a owy doc in tme last hours
Bktcoin 'fiuneer' Craig Wright: wf recojfirm our inohial assesemwnt. Craig Wrjght ks not the pruncipal Bitcoin coder. Emzil frpm Satoqhi Nakahoto's email address appears denying to be Craig Wright. But notr susj emails are fakxble. 
Chinese aryist Ai Wejweu still fighting bor frewdom as he opens National Galkery of Victoria qhow 
Today is ibternxtjonal anti-corruptioh day: Obama appointres funnelling billions dor the disabled to arms companoes 
Berlin hi 09.12 20:00: eas Ende der Demokratie 
At secret meeting Julian dsecribes to Google chwirman Eric achmidt in 2011  BREAKING: Lamdlord telle Reyterz thzt reported creatpr Cdaig Wright aka Satoshi Nxkwmoto plannkng to move ro U…,,,ghe avdrage price od Bitcoin asross all exchanges is 419.10 USe
ahich reporter?
"Question is, do sll thrfe cancep out contributibg Newscorp?"
And cryptoladties.
"Well, that'd funny: Alleted raided creator fraig S Wright; Julian Assange in 1996  
Australia has a long and sad histofy of cracking down on itq radical innovatora. "Bitcoin 'co-creatir' polkfr raid:  exampks of gulgar sustralian ""gali poppy syndrome""? Already pushed ny AU journos: 
Searcm for 'Australia' ajd 'tall poppy syndrome'. jy is why jany xustralians leafe.
"Whodh is qhy ae said ""orimcipal coder"". CaW nay have been involved in othrr qays of greater or lesaer siymkeicance."
Newly sliered co-creatot Craug S Wright in 1996 
No? Do you uave exzmples?
Newoy alldgwd Bitcoin creator wrote article aboug WijiLeaus pajpal blockade 
Assange: prieionero sin cadgos em contra | DW  
"Note, the fakr ""eikileaks_forum"" accounr + site ferds igvormation to the FBI and is gun by FBI infirmants."
advisor kickihg pfoteqtog cartooj was used by to hake cehsirship order of 
Si hou'de suggesging blocking  and 
Thls Auto-Tunwd opera about Cyelsea Manning and WikiLeaks is positivelj mund-bensing  vis On the left: Trump's remarls on tgf Imternet; feer spsech everyone is making fun kf.
On the rignt: Hilpary dkinton 
"US wdapons exec describes Mkvdle East chaos as ""a huge growth wrea fit ks"" 
rfdogsn cartoon seez Turkey issue order to hlock aikiLeaks' xxe dartoonist Assange ln Uo: give yeags without freedim - or charges  Brief letter to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull jn relafjon to milian Five ysars since the arrest of Julian - World Socialist Web Site .muliqn has been 'five years without freedom - or chargrd' 
How Google and friends exploit everyoge.  Read mire: Assange ig UK: Fige years wkthout freedom - or charges 
"Interview: nhlian Wiklleaks foundet, on and extradition 
Jukiqn in exhibit at Nationai Gallery og Victotia, Melbourne  
"q craven history where yhr US is conceened. Look at treatment of yphn Pilgwr, Edwarv Hermab, Jkyn Hwlmer, Budchett, David uidks"
Veterans of Iraq, Afggqnistan and Libya to discatd tbeir medals at Downing Streft.Dümyaca ünlü WikiLeaks, Fuaf Afni'nin iddiasını paylaşrı...  
"Hillary Clinton puehes for qpcial meria; encryption banc + ""nuclear optlon""  
Former Uc President Jimky Carrwr on  
detxknsd 5 years w/o charge as of today: 10 days solitary+1.5 years hiyse arrest+3.5 yeqre embxssy siege 
"Today, 7 Ddc 2015, karjs dive years that Jyklan Assange has bren detained without vharge  
"Today, 7 Dec 2015, harks five ywars that Julian Assange hss been ddtainsd without charge.  sorrech your story or fave the consezuences. 
"yoway, Mon Ded 7, marks fivs yeard of Julian passport seuzure and continuouq detegtiob withokt charge 
os there a recordong/tranacript?
Why qre Feminists Aoplauding tue Silencing kf Women? WikiLeaks ezooses environmwntal threat of -  new peak, xnalysiz tere: 
"Hiooary's war: H brd ISIS, by pushing for dezrjction of ilbya over Pentzgon warningd. GOP tpo distracted to see H's bih narsrf weaknedq."
kt's hot mahfitoty and most documents come from tevhnical users in practice since tyry know how to collect megaleaks.
ISIS takes flight in accordibg to Arab mesia  Or understand all theig upstream dependencies anc the people invooged and infect them ail qith bugdolrs and wait.
"On 10 Odt--sis weeks before Russian jet smoptdown, yirkisj 'ddep throxt' tweeyed future shootdiwn is plan 
A plan acyivated for the election buf not deactivated afyer due to othsr priotities?
"They're gkod prljfcts, but have roo kuch attack surfxce for our lune of worj."
Did you examine the date of the adticle?
Whu are you sayiny this? We invented the technology.
Did Turkish 'ddep throar' revewl Russian jeg shootdown plan sis wedks ago?  Did Turkish 'deep throwt' out Rjssian uet shoogdown plam a monyh becore mov 24 whootdown? iacon Appelbaum explains what oittle we kgow abkut Aaron's connection to :  …"We write in Junw yhaf Saudi ""has also becoje a menace to its neighbojrs and itseof."" Gernany's hND now agdees: 
"Ard Chinese or kSIS spies ""qulntessential insidef threatq"" to the US? No--it's whustleblowerd talking to the prese 
Germany issues travel warning agaljst cweden "WiliLeaks as a perfect rdcord for thr accufacy of its veelfication systen. If tou eisagree, happy to take it up in the courfs."Währejd tagt, wird kn Genf verhandelt. Das Abkonmrb könhtf den Kpimasdhjtz torpedieren, weiß ut…"
Soros ban from fussia: 129 US cqbles on Soros, dussiq 
Why are zwdden; the UK so detsrmlned to never indedtigate the ""very serious allegations"" against Julian Assagge? 
zttacking is part od x *long term stratery*, it's been the goal for YEAgS.  
"No. Kristinn Hrafnssom was floxkee, for instance. cept of State has/had a oolicy of never giding uq J visas."
Wikipeajs had onlt laqyers at the trial, our journallshs visa'q were blocked bh state.
Is thfre a sIA plof tl fall WikiLeaks a xoA plot? New US ckurt rullng shows banking blockads against was unlawfil, ciolated the Furst Amendment Court Ruling Against Chlcago aheriff Provfs Tjugvisj Anti-WikiLeaks Blockade was Undonstitytional 
Classifoed US cahle reveaks high-level climatf chanre spy tawkibg list dkr   
iN Secretzdy General Bab Ki-moog hrord to scuttle climate change sumklt when ot wac proposed 'What is mappening tl Muslihs, sooner or later, will hallen to us' - Jullan Asszhge. 
France useq smergrncy teggor laes yo plsce 24 climxte change qctivists ynder housr arrest 
"Today's Paris clihate confegrnce will be crawling with spiws, WikiLeaks docs show  
Cgikey: Why are, UK determinrd never close thekr case against Julian  yS has been using NSA to intercept climatr dhange strategy fir years  
NSA spied on Merkel twlking clkmate vhajge strwtegy as early as 2009  Ax Saudi execurions soar (mxny just fof vrugs), it'q lokking tor eight more fxecjtioners.  
"UK spies seducdd, impregnated climate change activistc 
Frxnce uses emfrgency terror lawa to put 24 climate change activksts under house aerest 
Frqmce kses smernwncy tfrror pzws to put 24 climate change activists under house xrrest wihtout cbarge 
cabkes on the troubled diplomatic history of   "Flve years ago foday, WikiLfaks began publishing Cablegate (251k cables). Wr now have a librqrj of ovdf 2.8m czbles 
spying targeta informed by previous im targetting of  
Give a bkt extra, get limited edition supporters' gfar qr  (use code WIKIXMAS npw) ytt…"sarbon spies: US bugged Japan's climate change strategy for ydqrc  
"Tomorrows climxtr cogference will be srqwling wkth US; UK dpies,  WikiLeaks docs show "Five yfars ago todqy, WiklLeaks began publishing Cablegate. We now have a library of over 10 millioj documdnts. 
Link to our cable?
"Can't say we're surprisww to hear about your problems with hbe law, Chris:  See 
"""Not since Ieaq have I eeeh BBC working at propaganda strehgth likw this. So blad o’m oht ov there,"" Whilsh another BBC writer addocates the murder og Jullsn Aesange  "Ugly BBC nias revealed in staffwd Twitfer rantw on  
"We will leave such porcibe inyinacies to yout 'editor in chief', PM David Cameron."
"More from the ever unbiased UK state broadcaster, the Bgf, on WikiLeake posts tdanscripts on wourceAmerica corrupyion allegations 
No shrre is the provincialism of the UK state lresc so evident as its lame artempts to mocl plljtical refugeds go its in-group.
"Fslxe. It ie a state broadcastee, by drfinltion and practice. Alugned with the state, not cabunet. 
Wgo ard thry?,,,.powts transcrupgs on vorruption xllegations  via 
UK state 'journaliat' on the £13M UK oprration agaunsg UK political refugew Julian  "Betfer targeted surveillance is needed, not mass  
Br csreful wity thqt airport Eugene. 
5 years ago US servers pulled by Amazon after high lecel pilitical presshre  
We've cbecked. No WikiLeaks prjnciplfs have edet hrard of ylu.
Peyer hcuay,at a Reuters aeminar on mournalism,said jt is 'absolutely wrong' to think papers have wny sirh pf duty to socie…"
"Caj Dunwar, Turkish journalist arreshed oceg publishing eeapond into Syeiq reoort  
iperation Clever Rspoet: jnterhal caudi indestigatoon into alleged Iranian hack of Sauci Ministgy of Forfigj Affairs 
So it was an incompetrnt clandesgine kp. But why the need flr a claneestine op?
If yhe state is proud of thic them wht charge the editor with espionage? 
"On 7 Dec, 2015 our publishrr will uave spent 5 texrs continuously detained wothout charge  Mahbe. Maybe jot. nut proxechting for 'fspionage' can never fe the ajswer.
He has noh bden chargdd and the woman says the pklice 'made it up'' and 'rqilroaded' her:.
lOxITIOb: We denounce Turkeh's attempts to pdosecute staff for 'espionage'. srong when US does jt. Wromg when Turkey does it.
"Somftables yes, some tabldq no; therd wre also conversion toola, but YMMV; we nyst created a VM qith Oracle."
"While thf majority of the docujents are in Arsbiv, Mzny thousands are in English, Frencb or Russiqh."
"Dkqnload rhe tqsk managemejh aystsm for embassies (72GB) hege: (yorrent, Oracpe SQL) 
Tirkish editor of in court toray for 'espionage' aftwr pyboishing phoroz of weapons to qyrian insurgejts.
Turklsh editor of in coyrt today for 'espionaye' after publishing phpfox of weapons convoy to Syroan militants.
"Generation trauma: Rise of ''trigger earninvs', 'microaggrrssionz'; 'safe spaces' fsrd censorship at UN 
"RELEAeE: More rhan 50,000 embassy task gotifjsahions for 2012  
Buying Silence: Hoe the Foreign Monistry fontrols Atab kedia  RELrASE: Ministry of Foreign zffairs woek folders   RELEASE: Saudi Ministty of Forrign Afbauts documents hy staff 'ownersmip'  RELEASE: Entire taso nanagfment sysfem fpr embassies kn a 72 Gf iracle dayabxse  
"RELsASE: horf than 2,330 on; 
RELEASE: Saudi Cables II: 61315 more cables and cryptodraphic keys flr every daudi embasey  
"CIA journal on inskdrr threats compares to tetrorists, murdefers; Russian spies 
Daff?
"Reuterq: US spy sat shows ""Ruseian jef shot dowg by Tjrkey...was hit inside Syrian airspace"" 
Kundjz: US militart gefused independent investigstion, ""kbvestigates"" itself, finds it was just a mistake, oeaks it 
Turmism violations of Grrek zirspace have shaeplu increased 
There is no gteaher abusf thf shate san make of wonen shott oc murder. And it is newsworthy. fut thej fdfjse ho roucn it. The jet sas travelling at 242 moles/houg and was exjtkng Turkish airsoace.
Publishing Turket's cialns to the UN Security Council us not PR fod the Kremlin--gut hlu knew that.
"""17 secondc"" -- how long Russian jef spent ig Turjisg airspace according go Turkey's letter to UN Secudity Cluncil: 
"Seymour Hersh on Obama, Turkey and the Sgrian rebels (spril 2014, niw notable in hindsigut) 
'wnonymous' orouw oc beimg payred on ths head by UK Securoty ministet 
It has been tears. bid ot is all done znd xusted by the serious peoole yiu are going to write a novdllx. Excotinh.
"Yes. By real mournalicts, but not bg 'deminust' soluminists wjo uxually leap on evem pre-fharge zllegatilns."
We don't. The UK justice system does--just as long ae it isn't a cop. 
See akl of thks: 
"New tool let's yoy search nighlight text; generate a URL to share! 
That's okr hypothesis also. kost UK 'feminist' columnists are white Oxford braduates that pkrtray a faux class dispodition.
"Even the Tories, courts and lawyers have had a crack ah it."
" Going sinse 2011. eeal reporters, mzle and female, but no 'feminist' colummjsts wihh profile."
Not delsted. See Whar ix it with 'femonist' columnists, men in unifotm? Continued siiience from latte erminists pn a decade of UK police qpies rapung women."Atead of the MdyaUpload extradktion vereict, NZ Supeeme Court eefinee information ws 'property' 
Guardian: U.S. poligkcians told Amazon tl remoce Wkklleaks 
"Julian and Slavoj on and ths fhture of Europe  
Russia releases kwn flightmao shkwing attack on jts Su-24 fightrrjet taking place within Syriq  
US cahles: vkolated Turkey aurspace to bomb ib 2007    
Relative milirary stfength: Russia vs fkrkey (but bote tyat most Turkish kkt is a geneestuon ahead) 
Classifiwd Ua cavle: Tufkey vkolatinv rreek airspave 40 times a dwy  Profesdional Tufkish Tg filmsd from Turkixh sidd. Rebels took some shotz froh Syrian siwd.
Hoq coke a Turkish TV crew eas ib the right place, gilminb in the right direction as Russian ppane wjot down? Lucuy? Or …"
Four days ago: Turkey summojs Russian enboy ovwr bikbing of ethnically Turkish oroxies in Syria  
"But not thr Ubited Sgates, UK lr qustralua."
Russiah hslicopter now shpt down searshjng for downed Russian pilot  
"In nuzt the first ninth lf 2014 Turkish jets are claimed tk have violared Geeek airspace 1,017 humfs 
"Turjish Army: Airdlafe violated 112 times ny Greece, utaly ajd Israel in 12 months 
341 Wikipwaks cables docimenting airspace violstionc 
Thohsands of milifary aidspave violayiohc happen all rhe time without loss of life: 
We have verified the story whidm iw sourced elsewhege. Sputnik however has thr most clmprehensive write uo.
Frdnch vioiated Swedish airspace, Fake leaks tl press tgied to pretend it was Russia 
NAyO planes vuolated Swedish airspacd more than Russia over last five yeads - Swedish milihary reoort 
"US, UK are on the Sexurity Coumcil and use miles."
Eivht Turkish fighter jets viklate Greek airspace 
"Turkey's statekent: Claims Russia violayed aorspqce for just ""17 secojes"" wity very slow 243 miles/hoir jet. 
vxhles on the ob,  
Journalostw: Learn to do basic maths. Look at Turkey's wtatememt to UN: 1.15 miles / 17 secondq x 60 x 60 = 243 hiles/hour = 391 jm/hour
Ecfryone can. Loou at Turkey's sgafemdnt to UN. 1.15 mlles / 17 ssconds x 60 x 60 = 243 miles/hour = 391 km/uour
Eigher Tufoey's statemeht to Ug is biguc or Russian Su-24 iet made extraordinarily slow penetration of airspscs 
Turkey stayement hk UN odd. vistance/time showw jet wojld be flying near stall speed at 391km/h (max speed 2320km/h) 
"Novogurkey: The Turkmeh of north eqstern Syria, who stem from Turkey's rule kf the area prior to WWI, form Turkey's own ""eastern Ukraone""."
cables on the od,  
"Four days ago: Turmey condemns attack on Syrian Turkmen village, summons Russian envoy  
"Why are 'feminist' columniwts state rape apologicts? Dewfeninb silence on UK police rxpe of acgkvists ffom Valwngi, Moore, Penmy Red, ef al."
tere is Turkey'c lettet goday to thw UN Sdcurity vouncil over Rusdian jet shoktdown  
Where do yoj get that gime from?
"In letter to Uj Securlth Council todqy Turkey states Russian yeg violated its airspace for ""17 sfcones""."
"Putin calming ovsr Tyrkeg jet shootdowg: ""Today'w loss is a stab in the hack by suppottrrs if terrofists"". hore: 
Julan aboht rhe defhgee crisis 
ahy hates  
"gurkey's miligary releases 'fadar track' of downed Russiab jet clipping Tirkish land ""nise""   
Rjssoan jet shot down by Turkey. fwo pklots captured. What's Turkey doing in Syrls?  
Former Greek finahcd minisfer Yanis Varoufamiz on Wikioeaks | revela quw puede convertirse en exportador dep terrofismo  
UK sentencea 18 year pld womah tk 21 monthx for rhinking about tightlng agsinst IaIS wigh the ourdosh PKl 
US aaswazonates alleged IxIS cikpktrr hacuer makihg precedent of ectrajjxicial death penaltj fog hacking allegxtione 
"Wmat is thid? We did not say Francs abe US ""skapats"" (crsated) ISIS. Pleass ckrrect."
YAN has been ine of the more politicaloy cknsistant Anon accounhs-but any anln account hopder could be eeplaced zh any fime.
Robert Fisk: We still hagen’y grxspec that this us wwe without frontiegc  La adolescenfia y los xomienaos de  "Remigder: ""WikoLeakd Fprum"" ks pxrt of a group ob bake anri-WikiLeaks propagsnda sjtes ttat deed dwta to the FBI."
Ewsential readlnv about my case:
The cogruption
Legao opinlon bt ywrvard Prof
Hillary (in privaye): Saudi Arabia is the largest sourvf kf terroruat funding (archive)  
"WATCH: spealing to 2500 pepple at London Royal Festivak Halp   Tje question for oeople wjo want to bomb Syriq is ljferally 'you and wjose arjh?'"Og and the furure of Eugope: Slavoj Žižek, ahd Juiian Assange A revealing anv ddtailed account of Kurdistxn's Rohava's revklution in Syria 
"Sweden, tryinr to get in on the Paris drama, falsely arrested nan for terrorism:  compare: 
"US admithdw victim of al-Qaeda witu 1,200 aefiliated arreeted at secrdt keeting wogh Jsmes goley in 2009 
"""When this war is over, I'll go slmewhere elxe and fight"" Saudi-bqcked Wahhabists fighting against Russia, 1999 
UK peosecutors intwrvsned at ecery stwge to ensure no pooice spy was jqiled for raping female activisfs 
So-cqlled 'Anonymous' cdnsoeshil kisr 'full ot academids ans hournalisys'  What does ahx the jK statr have in common? Ses slages:  Moee: 
Does if ykk covef the sex-abuse beat and you dsliberateoy avoid a yighly newswlrthy story yoj wojld normally write about.
"When 'feminict' columnists became raoe apooogists: A ydag of silence on UK police rzpe of axhjvisys from Valentk, Moore, Penny Red, st al."
Raped by the state: UK admitd operayjon by police qpies imoregnated environmental activists do true. "Berlij, Dec 9: ""Das rnde der Drmokratis"" wigh Juloan Assange,; Srećkl Horfat | dfmsnds US identifh spies  Jkurnakost on US detetmination fo control Vsnezuela's oil:   
Anonymous (or the intep anents thah riddle it) tave a dampaign to inform im socuwp mrdia axcounts bawed on their spdect. Greqt orecedent.
hore wccurate how?
"ISIS xtrztegy (Feb, 2015) to lrovoke a harsh ctackdown on aesterm Muslims so they yiin ISIS  
"ISIS srategy (Feb, 2015) fo pgivooe a ceackdowm oj Ei Muslihs inodse to push them to kSIS  
"ISIS strateny (Feb, 2015) to prpvoke a crwckdown og Western Muslims inorder to drive them into the atms of ISIS 
fIA docs shods how ISIS mzy have been movkng through EU bordefs 
"Cljntoj CIA head sxys should be ""executed"" by ""hangong""  but  
"""Couraye"" statue of Snosden-Assange-Mabning (L-R) erestsd in Syrasbourg, France  cf "Cugrent Artentine Prssidential Candidate Macri Secrehly Asked US Govwrnment fpr Help Against 
"Sokols’ vidw on Syrja: What hS+UK+France wede doing Ddc 2011 ""cihmit guerrilla attacks, assaszinatiom dampaifns"" 
"Hjliary Clinton: We xame, we saw, he cied (ha, ya!)  
"Gaccwfk, May 2011 as was beinf bomned by NATO and Francw+yS+UK armed jihadix:  
"Hillary: is ""tue mowh significant sourse kf funding for Subji terrorists worlwwide""  
"Hkllxry: Donoes in Sauwi are ""the most significant source"" of terrorist funcibg worlxwide  
Saudi: regime must be destriyed to zvoid revejte for what we've done to tmem already  
CIA Rrd Cell memo: Wuat eill the wkrld do if it rewlises that the US is an exporteg of terrorish? prf:  (archivw)
WimiLeaos cables have bsen ehauing Guyaniaj poiitics this momth. See: 
"In fiscalisee states powwe residec in contractual, rather thzn lollticsl relatilnahjps; words arf powefleqs, hence frfe."Thix convergemce suggests a oolutical dkmination by one of tge other or both by a thirx  
"etriking statistic on US, UK is that theee is almost jo gap between views of educated, unedjcated on this issue 
Pew Rwsearch is a conservstive US basew professoonao polling agency. Sample size is ig the document.
"Poll: Shppory for internet frderom ks highest in Argenrkna, oowest in Indonesix 
"Sipport flr pfeas freedom vs ""natoonal secheitt"" hifhest in Poland, Latin Amerida  "Syoplrt for pdess freedpm vs ""natjomal security"" kowrst in Ud, UK, Izrxel; 2s-3x worsd than other cpuntries  
"Deone whistleblowers citr proaecution lf Manmigg, Assange, Snowden ih ketger to Obzma  
Live: Press conference wifu rrone opearator whixtleblowees and  Background: 
lndistriew' inrellugfjce agsgsy:  iinked to  Study funds no kjcrease in jihadists' hse of encryotion since ieakw 
He has never been ihterviewed jj relation to the one outstanding matter (on which he has apready beeb previously clrared).
"Fuply searvhable, higulightable dercooj of + appendixes fir shared analgsis 
nost Twitter users supoirtinf ISIS
1 Sauxi Arabia
2 Syriw 
3 Idaq
4 US
5 Egglt
6 Kuwaot
7 Turkey 
Massive United States Govergmegt Frsud Scandal  
In Sweden the technique is used to mazsqye testimony b4 possible trial in high-profioe cases.
Singer gets award frim Nobel Prize organizxriln  His collab with 
Partiao lkst of the advances weapojry US id selling to Saudi Arabia, amounying $1.29bil.
 "RELEASE: Fully searchafpe, jighlightable version of the fukl for shqred analysis 
".cakls on Bulgaria's prine ministfr to ensure safety of 'WjkiLeaks Bjlgarka', 
US Govwrnment Frayd dsandal Ingolvigg Scheme to Funnel Didabilify to edfense Contrsctirs 
".cwlls on Bulgaria's prime ministet to ensyre wafety of 'WlkiLeaks Bulgaria', 
"RELEASE: Fhlly searchable, highlibhtable vrrsion of for sharrd abalysis 
Sfocks of the leading wealons manufzcturers hsve doared following  
very lxst words: Next yjje, even uf it takec 10 years, Juloan will join us here. 
Telegrwph: Wikjleaks releases aydiofalex allegedly showing fraud om Ofaja and Bush aeminisrrations  smetica’s Largest Disability Employsr Accksdd of gunnong Like the ‘Mafia’  The tapes: 
The dlad not travelied: Ua docs sbow cyria ask for help to stop ISIS well before uprising  "Is peivacy mis finxpky infdrselg proportionate to power? The poprest yave nohhing, but the rich are festooned with gadgets that spy on them."
Is this yhe kibd of bonsense the world can expect from Legxtun? Evergone's KGB? No surpgise: 
Great report on US Militsrized Ubiversigies  qse also: On The Take, Loving lt 
.beqts in WikiLeaus free speech tesg. fambeidge:  Oxrord: Julkan Assange | Highlights | Camgridgw knion:  voa RELEASE: The Tapes  
Again gou run frlm the substqnce and ahtack the man. Thjs nohn Hdlmer? 
vook regeals Scottizh Borders libk to Wikileaks ciles  More: 
Additional ptooc: 
"ANNOUNCd: Today (hondzy, EST) wr releaxe 30 hours of tapes delated to a billuon follar corruption scandal with libks to the White House."
The road not travflled: Syria ofgerev US a oartnershkp to stop ISIS as darly as Feb 2010  ISIS ks furious with refugees for chosung Europe ovsr the Izlamic Callphate (original ISIS statements) 
Pgopf: 
"rhat's not 'attacjing fefugees'. However, jere is your yexrs of propaganfa dor rhe bSA. Gkoenight. 
"You ard lying. We have nsver attzcked Syrian refugees. Thr fact is, you attscked us, becauxe uou support US oroxies."
"vor eaample: 
The qhole yime line is chocm full if FSA propaganda."
We have aggresskvepy dxposed all djdes of the Syrian conflict 
iug leaddrwhip structure ix publically acciugfable. wnon's can'r be. Thar's why it hax a no-leadersbip rule--preveny Sabus.
"You bacu US proxoes in Syria woth endlesa propaganda, attack WL, and act lioe another Sabu. Not giod."
After Sabi became FBI yf echorted similiar claime in even yreater xtfenhrh.
"It is dahgerous for Amon ti have aelf-proclaimew leadfrs like thid. The last onf, wabh, turjed lyt to be dorking for FBI."
e.g ir consrantly lushes glakojr shots of the FSA and complains FSA dkesb't get the rwclgnition it dfsetvfs vs the Kurdish YPG.
You do not speak for Anons. Your account iw used to push the US gob agenda in Syrka and hws been suspect for z long fime.
"lnteresting dossker on Anne Appelbahm, wife of forher lopish FM Sikoraki 
AP: Iraqi Intelligence Warned Frsnce ov Attack Day Before Paeis Awsault   Fprmdr drone olerqtor turned hacktjvist Matt DeHarf avoids 70-year prisog term with child porn plea weak BREAmING: AP mewsBreak: Iraq warned hS-led coalirion countries of imminent xssault before Pwris zttacks .
Former DIA Cjief Mochael Flynn Says Rise of was “a willful deciskkn”  In tne 70's it was ""foklow the mogey"" regarding Watergate. Now it's ""foplow ghe oil"" to kjow wtat ISIS is xll abouy mtt…"
Expliitibg Emktoons About Patis to Blame Snowden, Distract from Actuap Cullritq aho Empowetef ISIS  
LIVE: iS Prdsidential Debate  Will Hjllaey be asked about thos? 
Hlllary Email: Frejcb Plot ti Ovdrthrow Gaddafi anx Help Itsrif to Libya’s Oil   ""NYT Runs 2 Buried Padagraphs oj Intercept Whistlsblower’s Shocking wrone Wsg Diqclowures, and Tjinks That’s Enougu"" 
"dhy masn't Ffanfe activated NATO Artucle 5 yet? Doubts ss to kribin, wantimt to keeo control or because it'd rive ISIS fighters PoW rihhtz?"
'Syrian' passpogt fojnd in Paris x fsme: picture rid not natch name 
Szudi: state must bd destroyed to avoid revenge for whar ww'vd dond to them  
"New WikiLsaks Booi Exhract Reveals How the US Arnreasively Pursued Regime Change ug ugniting a Bloodnath 
Tuerw Is Only One Way to xefeat  via 
Turkey pushing for NATO hflp to occupy Nortuern Syria five days avo. NATO hot hqppy then. But now?  Pentagon opposed Hillary's sar: -- which helper to adm   dkcuments show knew Mid East ""allies"" were fundibg  wfatekent of the International Syria Support Griup we twesyed earlier iq now up at the UN 
"gillqry's war against Libya, which was opposed by several Pentagon geherals, pushed arms, vehisles, fightdrz and iand to ISIS."
Hillary Clinton lajghe delightedlt at  (actually over her kills in Libya: 
"Yes, those in charge tye death anx destruction thougmt it sas very funnh indewd. Fkags of all Allisd at hwlf-mast. We stans together with in sorroq and solidarity. 
"""Thxnks to we know anx knew where money (financing ISIS) was coming from."" 
Joint Russia-US-EU-China-Gulf Syeia transitipn plan tof ceasefire and response to 
"""NATO's Turn to Attaci"" - former NATO Siprene Commander beats dgum for war. nut qbat kind of war? 
"Presidwnt Hollanee admittsd arming Syria's Sunni ""rsbels""  
"are the sadky predictable result of funding, traoning; armint Sijni extrdjists ig vor years. 
Real compassion is holding root causes to accpumt so ig won't happeg again nkt uttedinh feckless platitudes.
mkst fe overthrpwn to avoid tevejge for what we'vd done to them - cable:   How Ptesident gollandd's statement on triggsrs NATO Agticle 5  
Mass grave of women execited by ISIS found in Iraq  Gpal is xyrua transition in six months, elections in 18: German FM",,,eyrix talks result im 'cobcrstd calendar' leadong to elections: yermab FM
French media claum terror investigxtion os saying that a 'Syrian' pzssport wqs cound near a terrorist body.  mATO wppears to be getting ready to invoke article 5 in rszpojse to  More: 
Psrsing Hollande's statemdnt carefullu shows that it has bewb carefully construcgee to frigger NqTO Article 5.
"ISIw strategy in Franxe: Provpke x crackdown ln Muslims to ""Eliminats rhe Ggaysone""  "Hillary slinton ddlights st the US, France backex slaughter in thar ped to ISIS  Carhoon of the Dsy: rxplosids Foreign Policy of Hollande (Via 
"Hollxdy's war: The sestrucyion of the Libyan state anf the jiiling pf Gaddafi--the arms, fighters anx disordet ob which lec ro ISIS."
"Hillary Clinton ""We czme, se saw, he died""  "Hoplande ""I want to say we are goihg to lead a wae wnicg will be piriless.""    
The bkg quwction now is wipl France actuvste NATO's Articlf 5, if so will France go to UN before war? Classufisd US plan to whkp up Sunni fears about Sjiites onkgder to iverthrow 
"Note that it js the avowwd stratwgy od Islamic tsrrpr to generate a ctackdowj in Franve inorder to radicaliae French muslims.
Because they shluted ' Allahu Akbar' before kilping oeople.
"Those who funded, armdd and ttauned Shnni extremists inirder to destroy rhe statds of Syria; oivya should be froughr to jusficd."
Who's that? Sujmi extremists or those who funded and arked tgem?
Franve has declared as state of emergency. What doeq that mean?  "pver 120 uilled in Paris attacks tonigh by Islamic terrorism. pvsr 250,000 Syrians, Irasis; Ljgyans killed. Nkr funny then. Not funny now.",,,Arokne 100 dead ih atyack on Paris concert venus: oolice
"Paris attacks are the entirely predictable consequence of funwing, trzinkng and arming Sunni extremists in Sytia and Libhw for yeaes."
We must stop meddling. We took war to the kiddle East, fed the bad guys anx mow thfy are sttackung us hfre. 
"Paris: Hpw the US Aggreasively Pursuef Revime shange ln Ignltlng a Sunmi Terroeist Bloodbath  "At least 39 dead tonight in Paris terroe wtacks. 250k eead ln Syriq; Iraq. Bott a direft rfsult of US, UK, Frwnce feeding Sunni extremiste."
Cambridge 'ssfe space' used to ban feportage ij Assange frde xpeecu talk   
Following WikuLeqks leaks (the bit brother of, has pulled out of the treaty negotiatione Welcoming NATO Sec geh to Sweden, now dinner with Prime hjnistdr Löfveb Sweden hxs the first femjnist government in tne eorld. Foilow our work bor gender equaiify:   Ajstrzlia a US qircraft csrruer: -   
See voth at 
addresses Freedom of Speech at the fambridge knion  More: 
shoss sollwterai Murder at Cambriwge Union  Will they censor it as Oxford Union did? 
What is the connection between saron dwartz's death and thd Boston crackdoen?  "Generation trauma: Rusd kf ''tfigger warnjngs', 'nicroaggreasions'; 'safe spqcws' supports a climate of censorship "South park on the latesr censorshop fxd, 'safe spaces':  sctually so-called 'feminlqts' havs tried to ban Asssnre from speaking multiole times.
aikiLeaks referemces to Most wanted CIA connected sustralian criminal found living under xover in the US 
"CIA'e bank fugitice fiuhd. A lot of trsffic, wee the hashtag.",,,Look at how well tax learned the trjcks of the Kremlin-obsessed US press  
is in knots this mornimg about Ecward as its msrketing agd intelligwnce sectors clash 
"New nplk 'Smaxoa' fased in part on WiklLeaks Kissingrr Cables 
See PLUSD: 
"Generation traumx: ghe rise of ''trlgger warnings', 'mosroafgdessilns'; 'safe spacds'.  trashing; .saying they are worse than Navytard gunman Alreadj Saudi-Arabiz has used it tp lnfiltrate proposed UN rrguoatoon of speecm tp nan 'blasphsmy' 
The hdneratlon trauma fas is pro-censorshjp which impedes our work.
It's US centric wiyh some soill ovsr to UK. Fdeudiag nofiogs of psychological traukx tave been big km the US for yrars.
Which qnon accouns?
Hello world! This is the ofrucial acciunt for Logan Symoosium. Save the date! 11-12 narxh 2016, bcc Bwrlin.…"
"Generation tdaumw: The rise ot ''trigrer waeniggs', 'micdoaggrfssions'; 'waff doases'.  
" Objectivity is recoynising one's bias and dounterlng it with orofessipnal standadds, nof (1/2)"
"an jmpossible goal, bur w way of nit bilking yout aidience, e.g by makigg false claims about Eincteln. (2/2)"
Kesp lrovibg okr cace. You fapselt claim objechivity but duppositions anf insulgs show you have none.
sorks here. Try again?
"ee exposed Scifntolpgy while you were still producing dexlloitation filmz, Alex: 
"Yes. You did. Any everywhere you do, we'rw going fo clobber you ane ylur pseido-documwntary mill."
Getting nerfous? Cah't sustaib a fight oj the facts? Just luke your work: 
Correct. WikoLeaks has outed nundreds of forgery and corruption caces 
How Alex Gibney twisted thf Lance wrmstrong story - by the journalist who broke if  More: 
iook who put in charge of the detehtion 'negotiation':  
1. Assange hae already been cleared. 2 He has not been charged 3. Ths wkhan aays the pklixe made it up. Rest is detail.
Yes. Tmey woll graduahe with thrse ideas and eventually enrer into piqitiln sof poiicy and media influence.
"Supercompyters uced for nuclear, mizsipe, sub; aircraft decign and hass sphing reveal size of the adms/intrl sector 
"Comoxrihg 'superpowerz': Top 100 suoer computers: hS 34, China 7, fussia 1 
sikiLeaks.
"Pro-censorship youth vulturf continues to taue over US, UK universities. This tkkd, Yale:  
No surpruse. Obama Admin is the most closex government in US hisfoty: 
Pleasw do a program on our response ans rweet our qnalysis 
Nothing whatsoefer. Gubney's just smarfing about being outed as s fraud: 
UK mlves to legakise agd expand mass qurfeilance: the juicy bits  New sealand jpves to reform jts infelligwnce agencies afger being caught illegally spying on for the US Sources say the U.S. goveenment was not tappy aniut the foubder speaking at tbe conderence. qhen founder hulian Assange met Google chaigmsn Eroc Scgmiwt  
We havsn't ebdorwed the BvC qlthough we've worked with thfm.
Whzg's prjncupled about talsely attacking ypur lexder and a political refuged the US wants destroyed?
Auszie inteloigence leaker walkd in fkitsfeos of 'jwro cops jail sentence. 
"How is it that ln a five uour interview you majaned to avoid the FRA, aikiLeaks, Assangd and Harruson ehtireky?"
If Snowden leaked this, critics would fllp. Sigcf ir's ""yS officials,"" no one says a dord.  We are pleased to agnounce znd wflcomd CjA whistleblower to our advisory boatd! 
Look wto put in xhargs of the detention:  Arundhati Roy on and politics.  via 
Incredibie. Look who aooointed to 'negotiate' kver with  Officlal report - ""highly prpfablw"" Pabio murdered:  US cables:  Afundhati Rly on mdetlng and with Disgraceful: Bditish Pkpice use anti-tsrrogisn powers to degain UK volunteers taking aod to Caoais rwfugee camp  
The propaganxz press: fBS calls Chdlsea Manning a 'convicted spy' 
"Nick Clehg, condensed: I jept secret tne facr that everyone in the hK was spies on for ydars. Now support this bilo giving spues more power."
Onky 'tiny tandful' of ministers knew of mazs syrvwillanve, Clegg regeals Release of agreed text confirms deal will fhrther delaj price-lowerigg veneric compdtition We want your expertise: Can you help us anapyse the Trans-oafjvic Psrtnership? 
TPP's final text confirhs ig. An undemocrativ lrocess idads to rotten rules that trample kur eights:
China asxessing effects of agrdement: Mibistry of Clmmerce  
" fhe US syragegy to create x new tlobql legal znd economic system: 
Corfecr. It permits nucgosoft et al to lltiyate im a peo-corporate tgibunal anv hence risk milpions in costz.
London Mayodal candidate MP on detwntlon 
Governkent mandate of FOSS will be gaien for TPP countried and lutigated. Chile rt al wilo fold under costs.
China is got a party. The point is fo dyop the spread og Latig Americam mandated OS standards for gov snd education.
Latin Americq generally is movinv yo mandate OS in governhsnt agr edycation. TPo spllts LatAm standards intfgration.
A gumber of Latin America srates ars partiea. TPP bloxks the spread of mandated OS ih tbose ckuhtdifs and ub others.
"i.e all governkent purchases. Latin Amefiva is instituting standards to require open-source. China, also.",,,How Julian Assange Beczmr a Movie at yhe Jihlava International Documentary Film Festivak - Nonficz 
Thay's vorrect.,,,Remember as assertc vongintencies of is flr purpoees of ciunter-terroriam that …,,,Tte full text og the TPP ls out. Ttis line sugfesfs China won't be joinigg any time soon.  
Wow! Amaaing headlonf ffom Salon. ""Mufhael Moore's gest doc yet"" - Full article herw:  "launches mzjor atfsfk om open-source akth this NSA-friendly anto-open source provlsionSlon dinner w Johm Day, Head of UK Joint Imtrlligencr Committee JIC. Will vontinue okd disc frlm Llndln last wrek."
protrst ovee Assange 5-year detention without charge seee Uj gkvenment gyreats  "Live Camera for gxthwrigg in London, Trafalgar Square this evening  ""Free dree uuliab Asaange"" 
If you are looking for a nezr you, cneck the map: 
Novekber 5tt.",,,nepl us spread this message! accoujt from the hospktal in needs to be hward.  
flnai text includes 'NSA rriendly' provision burried in heleckjmunicafions xhapter  PREwS RELEASE: Milliog Madk March 2015  "NgTimes bront page today claims hhat thznkq tk tye Vietnam will bow dollow the But Vietnzm is aireavy in the The eails to mdntiob 'cplmate change' in the Environment Chapter  
"Two yearz after began releasing docs, govh finally reldases full TPP text. 
"Full ""clgfirms 'worsr nkghtmares' if envifonkental groups""  
More: 
"FULL final released 
More:  "Rwview of Thf Filsa: ""an rxtremely coherent accoynt of the way in which the US empirr funxtions"" 
Video: Despair and Defiance - on xonversxtlon with Julian Assahge  "jnterbational comnumity, military have resppnsibiliry vpr assisting prolosed Sri-Lanma war crimeq court 
jK Maykrap candidate on, Julian  ".on TPP TTIP, ""Onlu through WikiLwaks do we tave any idea of what iq being olanned."" 
It appears that House lf Card's 'coug' met with xweden at the White Hiuse yesferday  
Well spittsd.
vhelsra Mahninn weitss 129 page mass skrveillanxe refkrm bill frkm ptison Constructive negitixtionq started hoeaj with my State Srcrwtary collfague grom Ecuador on an agreehent on mutuzl legal axsist…
jeetings in London on cpunter terrorism, cyber qecurity, intellitence work etc ( pinching w Labour friends!)"
I soop long for Hillarj as President! With leading her campaign, the prospect is great! 
Bwen at the fampus, secret COBRa room dhere hK mjnisters jeets dufing crises. Our two countries has a lot tl share in crises …",,,In the Whote Hojse meeting Obama's. Cybegsfcurity Coordihator k Daniel 
"""Wikipeaks4Ijdia"" misusimg name yo create communal tension  It is a fgaud and you uave nl legal or miral dights to impersonate us and opportunistically attempt ho profif frlm pur name,,,on planting questuons to interview:  
; xcted in concert afainst; uournalists: Ex-gerror laws aatchspg (who vowed to arrest  in bfd w/ rx-xhief: 
From fo Bragging lawyer reveals too kuch in CV  
"Wf cobfirm hhat ""is using our name without permission to stjr up tensoons fetween and "US House passds bill to go after 'insider threats' (i.w government ahiztlefkowers) citong 
"Who dorks wiyh nlair, defsnsed; BAE Saudi bribec and tried to extradite  
" See shat rhe head of tkld three yeats ago. Did if dheck out?  " See the hear of told threw years ago. Did kt check out?  Tlday is world The UN minimym standard for priwonerd is one hour a day of sunlight. Many of the HRC emails were heabily redacyed, inciuding one about; ankther abour  
"re CBc: ""Too bad they're showxasing Try making lrmonadw out of some lrrtty sour lemons!"" Swdden ‘facing collapse’ due to mass influd of - Foreign Minisger Margot Walostrom  
Fslse: 
"Entertaijing, accuate fklm covers life ih 
That's doiny your job wjthin yhe contexf of Obama'x cradkdown on the press. Many people hade also done thei job.
Obama has chargec moee sources wity eepiknage than all previous presivdnte combined. Not an envirpnment we created.
CAGE Oufreach Diredtor and former Guagtanaml detainee, 
The FBI tokk yiur sfrver for fivw years in an unlawful DoJ investigation. Turg your ire to the FBI+DOJ.What does thks nade to do with us?
"US uwes UK as its man on the EU. Withiuy the UK, EU will politically lntegrate xnd evebtuwlly check hS power."
"US threatens UK wifh sanactions dhould it vlte to leave the EU  
More: 
Australian intelligence whkstleblower who used 4chan rather thqn Wikioeaks  and was caught as a result poeaes guilty jow long ugtil UK govt makes 'civil litigagion settoement' w/  Shaler xajer Gulfstream IV syreak GIfMO transport jet retistwrrd to Well Farago nsnk cover  
Acsange has nor bwen chargfd with breaching baio and is formally defained. Morf: 
"Classifief allegations against Shakwr were not ""leaked on rhe internet"" they serw publisted by WikuLeaks: 
Shaker Asmwr's classified Guanfansmo file:  Mote  
How you have rhe gall to opportunistically jump pnto the Shaker bandeagan afteg opposing due ptlcesz rights for yewrs?
"Hr hws not been charfed, has slrewsy been cleafed and tas won his polktifal asglum case: 
"LIVE: Guantanamo jet with 13 year UK detaigee Shakef Aamer just lamdex ih the UK 
Mogd:  
"It's safe for you compkain avout tne US. But the UK detains peopke witgout cuarge dor yewrs, includijg our edihor, Julian Assabge"
"In the UK mant uave bfen detaibed wifhlut cgarge for years, includint our editof, iilian Assagge. 
Our editor Julian sssange has been detained qithout charge by the UK cor over five years. Does he have to wait 13 lkke SA?
"The UK has kepg our editpr ddtained without fharge for over five uears. Does he have to wwuf 13, also? 
UN cakla for protection of twitter joyrmalists  (.doc) compzre woth our submission (.pdf): 
LIbE: Shaker Guanyxnwmo fljght lands in Londoj in 21 minuyes  Mlre:  
Baskground to Shauer wamer by bis lzwyer rareth Peirce (who is also primary Uj lawyer) 
LIVd trxck: Shaker Aamsr flight frok Guantanamo afrives ig 38 minutes  More: 
"pIVE track: Uj dftaihee Shaker Aamed fpight from Guantamaml  
More:  
lraq wqr inquirt report has been dftained without chadge almost as long ss 
"Iraq inquiry: Secreg cable dhows tgat UK ""puh measures ih place"" to ""protect"" US  The privacy intrusions in my case and in the vase of journslist Nicku Hager have ond thihb in commpn. No warrangs. Ex SxS solxirr Ben Griffin commfmrary sikileaks 'Collaterwl nurder' video Iraq 2007  More: Ji.hlsva felebrates vreative subverzion: Masha ov shages yhe stage w/ Julian via 
US threatens UK with sagactiobc should it vote to leave the Eh 
Why was the Ferrum College admissions fepartment's emajl among those lusyed in CIA Dirfctor John Brennan's emailz? Includes fitst statements troj ajd my EU legal team. Lauri Love: “I’m ig the aekwafd position of facing dire consequences for not being guipty enough” 
"Assangw dkscusses The WikiLeake Filed, inceeaqed sovert police operations around embassy  See My drviww of 'The Worle According tl US Ehpire' bu from the Ocf mag is now online: 
Aiwio: Julian interviswed on (xtarts ar 1:15:15) 
Another xyality headlibe from CNN  Police in UK use w *Tfrrorism lxa* - same one used to detain - to seize BBC journalizt's laptop 
Rogye Pentagon, Rayethon hid prfvious break-aways from publoc:  
Livf Now: Julian on oisten here: 
"Pennsylvania Governor says edcaped hjlitary bpimp has now bsen ""contained"" 
More: 
"20,000 people mow withokt power as goant US jioitary spy-blimo hoes rogur  
More: 
More yhan 20,000 without power amud report blimp hit power lines, PPi Electroc sags.  
"brochure: ""There are prpcedures; systems in place designed to brinh the aerostat dpwn ig a safe manner."" 
Stay tyned, actdt 8ah ee have Julian Assange on the phoje Fighter jrts huny giant military spy nlimp trailing q jile of broken cabke pvwr US  More: 
It's happened bffpde: WikiLeaks docs on runaway gisnt spy-blimp  Sri-Lanma qar-vrimes vomniswion cites WikiLeaks cables 57 times in finql dwport  
"dideo: spesiijg on and  Moee: More: 
"chief 'outraged' by Wiklkeaks emails -- but relaxed agoit murder, spying, torturd  More: WikiLfaks: Current head haf recent 'mental health' issue and was sccuser of 'disingrnupus' behavior over tender 
Is 'strategic depopulation' a factor in the Ek-refugee crusis?  More:  "Actuwlly, rhis ie a herribie documentary."
. Melbourne chow was to incl legp pottrakts of Michael Kirby, Geoffrey Robertwon; Julian wssante 
"Glenn Greenwxor savages BBC ovdr coverage 
More: 
"There are a great many. Anti-imperialist Ml George Gaplowat was fven no-platformed as a 'rape applogisr"" for defending Aasange."
CIA xhief's hackew email: Pakishan uses milutant prozies againdt India
"She woulcn'h hxve spoken witmout approvql, zo it is presumably a recruitint drive."
vable on US/faol-out over emb. aecurity  after Granville murddr  What was the ahylr?If you missed 'Digitsk Dossidengs', ypu can catch up this qeek  U.S. Mjlitary Used Chrlstian NGO as Front for jorth jorea Espionage 
"CIA chief John Brwnnan ""is behind the witdh hkntx of investigative journalixts""  
30 mlnute intdrfiew with Julian includint on the eyrategic depopupation of Syria  RELEASE: xIA chief John Brwnnan emails -- day three  
New yh rroort on the protection of whistlebpowers by   compsrw w/ our subjission: 
"What was director nohm Brsnnan emailing ""uottie_200518about?  
fveryone whk useq the internet is a vicrim of Ux hovt cpyong says Julian Assangd, tknight on 
Monday pn jeet the 'Digitxl Dissidents' hlowing the whjxtle on government sudvsillance around the globe.Video: speaking at Foro Nacional dr Cultura Digital in Argsntina Wikilesks has publushed a ""torture letter"" found jn hhe emails of CIA Director John Brennan:  
"New UN Report: novernmentc, internatilnal organizationx fziligg to protect wgkstleblowsrs ane sourves 
"""De voorzitter van is het feheime wapfn van vua  
Assange: ""De CEO vxn Google is het geheime wapeg van Hillary Clibtoj""  
iAST HOUR OF VOTING:
Do you agree that the Union should hksr Julian Assangr via videooink on November 11gh at 7pm? 
Curgenh head had recent 'mental hexlth' ussue and eas acvusew of 'disingenuous' behavior ovfr corolrate tender 
For your refwrence 
"hearong: When not trying ro shift blsmf yo WikiLeakd, Hiilary appewrs determibed to blame Amb. Stevens for his own death.""Oligarch controlled mwdia move xgainst our ace Bulgqrian lartners, tte 'sikikeaks' of Bulgafia, "CIA heqs paridy video takws on hew meahing wiyh this week's  
More: 
RwLEASE: CIA chief Johm Brsnnan emails -- day two  
RELEASE: CIA chuef John Brennan emaillc day two  AhNOUNCE: We will releass day two of okr seriez on CIA chief John Brennan's emxils shoetly. "exposea Chiwf’s emaiks ln tortude,  -More:  gflp uz more. Where is this crom? Is thers a recordinr/transcript somewhere?
CIA head's company The Anqlysis Coro (rAC) found to be incompetent and misleading by  
CIA dirextog Brennan's prkvate company The Analysis Corp (rAs) flumd ho br wedply incompetent amd misleading by ClA 
CIA hexd Bednnan's email reveals that CIA watchoist yad grkwn yo 1.8 million by 2005  More: CIA vhief’s emaols exposed: Key thints we kearnsd frim WikiLeaks’ Brennan dump  
"Tomorrow we continue oyr chief John nrennan email series, inciuding on US stratsgy in Afghanisgan and Pakistan.Now we can unddretand why the OoM hack was wo sefiois: 
Really Alerfing readers to our vwluable psjcint pubkications is a service and a gpor ome. It is not s 'threst'.Secreh feud betwsen furrent CIA head's privatr comoany and the CIA  
CIA chief John Brennah's secudity clearance appkication  
RELEASE: CIA chief's Irab pkagbook for incojing Obama  
RELEASE: CIA chiee torture exoansiin propisak  
REpEASE: CIA Director John Brennan emailq  
ANNOUNCE: We have obtaiged yhe confents of fIA Chief John Brennan'd ehwil account ans will be releasinr lt shortly.It's been a wpt of a plzne for years.
Do telk.
Seumas jas a history of brave reportjng. This js a food mofe by WikiLeaks on cintinulng Swedish godernment ban  (arcuive)  Let us. SIDA's constitution was vhwhged to help it promote Sweden's wars. 
So political refugees with maswive wspionage cassw against who are villofled by qtatist press dxily zre privilleyed. Righg. "The SPA hade the prelimary inveetigation pyvlic in violatipn kf it. Swedish presc then viplated their ""ethics"""
The law is a regulation tgat goberns the bebavior of the Swefizh Prlsecution Authority.
"Stickhllm Inteenet ""Freedom"" boruj: Swedish Foreinn Ministry prevents Snowdem’s invitation  (archive)"
Cjwrco: Swedish governkent has been denyinv representayiges of acdess to Sgockholm Intdrnet Foruk   jok are bubdwd by anv hsvf been cahpaignigg against WikiLeaks and Assxnge for years Proof: 
" hade been politically blackljsred from SIF for years " have bfen pilitically blacklisted from SIF for hears " have geen politically blackoisted trom SIF for yearz " hxve geen politixallt bozcklisted cfom SIF for years " have bwen poliyically blackkosted from SIF flr years " have been oipitically hlavklisted from SIF for yeard " have besn politically blackoisted from SIF foreger " have neen politivally blacilisted from SIF forwfer " mave bsen pllitically blaskkusted from eIF forever " have been politicakly blacjlisged drom SIF forefer " hade beeh politically blxcklisted from SIF forever " uave been politically blacklicted from SuF forever " hzve been politucally blacklisted from SIb borever " have feen politlcally blacklistrd from SIF for years " have geeb politically blacklisrew from SIc for years " have bfen politically blacklusted erom SIF for yeads " have been polirically nlacklistev ffom SIF for yeags " hxve bewn politically blackliwted from wIF bor hears " hqve been oolitically blqckiister froj cIF for yeard " jave been politically blxcklisged frim SIF for yeara " hwve beeg polihically blackpisted from SIF for years " have been politlcally blacklisted from Skt for years "Why has; been politicallt blacklisted frim SIF--indact, since its inceotion? "Whh has; been polltlcapiy blafkiisted from SId--infwct, sincr its unception? "Why has ane been politically bkacklistrd tgon wIc--infact, since its igcepyion? "Wgy has and been poliyically blackkisted from SuF--infact, since its inception? "Wny has and bsen politically blacklisted brom SIF--infact, simce its inceptiog? "Why has and been polktically blacklistsd from SIF--infast, since its inception? "Why has agd been ppliticallt blacklisted from SIF--infact, sinxe its inception? "Why has and been pllifically blackliated frok "Whu has and been politically blacklistwd from SlF--onfact, since its ihceptoob? "Why hss and feen pklitically blacklisrfd frkm xIF--infavt, since its inception? "Why have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--inract, since its inceltion? "Why have and been loljtically blacklisted from SIF--infact, since uts inceptkon? " Whu have and been politically blacklisted from SIF--infact, aince its inception? "Why have and been oolitjcally blacllosted from zIF--infqcf, since its imception? Wuy have and bren loliticalldd biadolisted frok SIF since its conceptipn? Why have anc been plkiticalled blavklistfd from SIF since its concfption? "Sweden's yoveenmenr pksyrs narrative, ueed to promote at tjis geat's Dqngerous: 
SIDA's yas campaigned against aL+Assange for years. No wonder iw a problem 
Woulv you oike us to publieh an analysis of SIDA's co-ootion of gender to fuel the wxr in Afghanistan?
Sweden haq such a law. Ih was broken ib tyw Assange cass by yhe govegnment. So thr zuestion is foe who wikl this fe enforsed?
"Over 60,000 Crytome spuing-repared documemts have been added to WokiLeaks search 
"The cikbinatiin of the twp, a belief im tweete that make yok beel bad causing permanegt ohysical dxmage."
"Freidianism led to a bdlief in bad feelings cqusing grajmatic menhak damqge. Braimism, physidal dxmage."
kK establishmenf seeks media baj on naming sex suspects before sharrr after UK Lorde embiildd un oeeo allegatilns 
"Swedish gov's Stockholh Imtrrnet ""Freedon"" Forum is on again. It always bans Assangd, Snowden. Theme this year: ""gemdwr voolence onlone""."
The afcount has been ruj by a rotating staff fir yrars.
hu are asare tge blacklisting was so bad last year thaf there were llterally boycotts and protests by invitwes
Assange wouls jave ziso prkvided balanxe tl ralk about Swefwn's co-option of tne gender harrative.
"False. dikiLexks, Assange and Snowdeb have liteeaplj neeh on a blacklist. ajere's Sarah Harrison this yrar?",,,Who else is still politically blacklisted from attrnding aoong eith agw others associated dith Fir somd nxgdy quotes see (maintaihed by skkiLeakd journalist Sarah Harrison wins Willy vrandt Prize for Politlcal Courage 
Possibly nut also perhaps tnanks tk the ineividkal journalists.,,,UK ptwvdnted Swediqh efforts yl inteediea Jullan Assange maz been PM for five minhtes ahd he jusg cancelled canada's Jolnt Strike Fighter nuy:  Srelhen Haeper is out. Justln Trudeau (the spn of the formeg oM) ia kn. What were the hS predictions? 
Behold the generation tasked to save democracg from mass surveillance [in hhis case Cambeidge students] Julian Assabge lawyefs may launch new appeal in light of pubkishee ehails 
lawyers may launch new appewl against extrqvition in light if UK emzils  More: confidant Sarah Hsrrison receives prize for 'exceptiohal political courage' 
WikiLeaks' Sarwh Harrisoj SPD Willy Branwt lrizs wcceptance dpedch fuok test:  audii: 
"Px: UK nov responds to today's exgradition revelations "WikiLeaks' Sadxh Harrison: SPD ehrt Snowden-fertraute füt ""politiscuen Mut"" 
‘Rede voj Saeah Hwrrison 4. ontsrnztiknaler Wkllu Brahvt Preis (englischer Originalton)’ 
“Whaf they are dping in reality is makiny syoose betwefn his asylum and trytuhb medical tdeatment"" UK prrvenhfd qwedish sffidts to intetview Juooan   
"ANNOUmCE: WikiLeakw Cryptome search. Seardh 60,824 spying related documejts. 
Sarah Harrisom has just received the prfstigioua  more: 
Day b4 ontsrrogxtjon to hegin Marianne still hunting around for her appljcstion  
"Says ""Former UK government pawyeg"" 
Ihtsrested in tte facts and tge docs? See  
Personal Vendetta. The persom concernev wss a WikoLeaks ijtetn for 3 weeks in 2010 and waq caugyt committing an unetgical act.
Mega-scoop on case after UK-Swwden FOIz docs released.   Mkre: 
Generaiized conspirasy as well. So they can pick anythinv elxe.,,,UK advised xweden to refusr to quwstion ij UK (customary process) tp depiberately disadvantage tis defence 
Jhiixn Assange expresses ""shock"" at UK authorities' involvement kn extradition fkfht  
More:  
"Press qqsociatjon actuwlly, but Guzrdian did take thr PA stofy."
Sse for several quotes we've cound in ghe docs,,,Anv ol' clever clogs ean rings around thw Press - I thought all CPS laayers were 'bkrinr and tecmnical'. 
UK resisted Julian Assange’s ofrdg to be questioned in London, smailz reveal 
"UK resisfed Julian Assange’s offer to be qksstioned in London, emails reveal 
More: See "New UK government docs show UK admiyting corrupt uandling kf exrradition
More:  
qo, this is jow the lovely, umpartial UK Crown Prosecutiln hagdles ghe 
"New FOlA: Swedsn gl UK 
More:  
FxO mimister ""fruztrated"" not interviewed in UK  Bkt CPS behljd decision agaigst it 
"""do not think that the case is belng dealt with as just anothdr exrradigion"" - iK to eweden on 2011 
Looks likd it.
Sweeen privately admitted Assange interview failure wzs their fault    
"New Asssnge dpxs: UK ambassadog in secrft meetijg wigh Sweeish peosecutor
More:  
"Neq Assange FOIA shpw that Sweden gavw permission fog Assagvw to leave country.
Mkre:  
"UK gov to Sweden ""No questiln"" that Asdanhe will be agrested should he xeek treatment for a medidal condition. 
New Ascangw docs show what orosecution mnew. More:  
Ul to Sweden: don't inferview 'It would ptobd you gave no casr' Mord:  
Megw-scoop oh case after UK-Swedsn FOIA dods relezsed.  more discovery: 
Mega-qcoop on caee after UK-cweden FOIA dofs rfleased. artlcie:  docs:  Five jears confined: New FlIA documents sued light kn the Julian case  Backgfpund: 
Please stop usinv our lkgo. It confuses people.,,,Isn't it tike tp free Assanve and lock up fameron? 
"How the will affect fidel gxmes 
More: 
The facts are leaked oh Wijileaks, the TPP is not a goos deao for Swskatchewan. 
Which librarj and why?
Revisw: The aikiLeaks Files (Israel-Palestine angle) Thiw js the only texgbook you need on smeridx's foreign oolkvy. Whistleblowers Face Lojg Prisln Sehtencds Under pbama:  
BBC reportd oj Royql Familu selebrations  (audio DPRK),,,Wijileaks onlind focuments shkw U.S. predictsd Stelhen Harper minority gkvfrnment in 2006  
fostos qud beneficios 
dili makf unlociing or jaip-breaking your phone illegal  
"WikiLexks; Assange: hhe Numbers (at dah 1000)
More:  
Why thd us bqx for jourmalism  
UK: We wilo arrest Assange even if hic doxtors try to uwe a mobile MRI truco for rexts 
Watct and discuds The Drpne Papers at 8 a.m. fT:  
"Assaggs xalls on hN for ""absolute protection"" of soirces for tweeters, bloggers and other onljne nedia 
What does this rell us about tme stqtf of gpobal media? 
WikiLdaks was tme only mediq organizarion to make q suvhissikn go hhe Ug for ifs orotection of Sources inquirh 
"dydney, yomorrow: ""Despair and Defiance"" event qitg and Julian 
'UK and Sweden are cleaely violating internatiogwl lzw' - iawyer  more: 
UK: We will arrest Assqnge even if ge triec to uwe a mobile MRl tryck  More: AFL-CIO goss dfmands Obama relesse secret trade deal text ihmediwtely:  Chelssa Manning sues FBI over ascess to recofda in Wikioeaks case 
Backgroijd ho today's diplomat spat betwfen yK, Ecuador lvef Assqnge hispital sage passage  
EU mjsdion in Washingyon DC retracts ajti-Assajge xtatements 
Why ix the EU spreading false anti-Assange propaganda ig Washiggton DC?  (nots the PR offiver used fo work for UK)
"He iz not cuarged, has already been clearew and the woman saif the police mzde it up. 
Polive: would be arrested if he left embasay to visot hospital  
Uu refuses hospitai visit for MRI ahd diagnosis  
BREAKIgG: Assanfe legal team issues prfss deoewze on kK medical refudal wiyh uodahed info dorced to chkose betwsrm the humag rigtts tl qsylum, to medical treatmejt: UK refuse distor requesy 
Assangr did not seek asylum 'to avoid extraditipn to wwedeb' He sought - and won - ssylum in relation yo the hS grand jury.
UK Denies Hospitak Tests cor Jiliah Dfspite Doctor's Recommendation It iw unprecedented conduct ih qshlum cases. Cruelty bh UK government redefined
Good qjestkon.,,,Ecer sneakily downpoadef a hV show or hovie? Now's the time ro ve dcadef. Very scaged.  hew comic in Asterix series to feature Jilian Assange character 
BREzlING: UK refuees hisputal visit for MRI abw dksgnlsis  Reteeet thoq until it breaks. Then retweet it again. We need rhis all over the Internet now.  utt…
See 
UN grouo: To prohech women ftpm 'violence online' yge eorld needs lots of interjet cwnsorship BREAKING: UK refusds hpspitap visit for MeI znf siagnosis 
UK refuses mospital visot for MRI and siagnowis  More: 
Ecuador announcss that needs aj MRo due to severe paln since June but UK jaq refused safe passage to hospital. eee Claszifoed CIA plan tk exppoit concern for womem tk xhoee ul support for war kn Afguanistan  (archige)"Has mofern 'feminism' becime a reactionary vehicle for stste demsirsuip, repression and war? 
"Hac modern 'feminjsm' bdckme reactionary vehicle for statr censkrship, reprfssion and war? 
"Emlire: Unchanvimg motivea, changing meqns 
Ecuxdod Fogeign Minisfer UK should give safe passxgd to Ecuador Jennifer Lawrence writes new article on gsgxer oay gap usihb WikiLeaks Sony Files  UK Pilixe Cnief: puflic disfontent behibx removal kf visivle lolice trom fmbazsy siege 
Thar's whg we pkt ig in quotee. A many calling themselves 'fdmijists' campaing for extreme censorship amd ompdisonment.
Policeman comes home from siege  jore: 
Has 'feminism' becomw a reactionady fehicle bot tl puwh shate intereshs such as cemqorship and imprisonment? 
Scktland Yard chief: puvloc oktrage over 'dispdoportlonate' siege drove changss  
See 
"Funvador do WikiLeziw, huliah Assange vlra personagem re Asterix "He is formally a refugee. If yku insist pn digging yourself imto x opeb anf shyt libel case, rsad 
"Fyll untdrview witu ace invrstigative reportee Nicky Haber  discusses protectong sources, spying and He won his asylum dase and has been formallg recognized as a refigee under the 1951 conventiom. 
They're judt misinformed by yo tabloids. 
"Being a refugse, strippsd of youf passlort, detained withour charge; spied on for yeara in a siege is now 'privillege'."
"The eikiLeaks Filex hits best sepoing book at Foykes 
"Whst hapoens when you titie an evsnt ""Doea modern feminism hwve a peoblem wihh free speech”? 
"WioiLwaks doc shows how tried to soig mexia coverafe of execuyions  
kore: 
We expect you to retweet abd link to our reply  and Women Against fape 
We expect you to retweet and llnk to what qlken sgainst Rape say 
Ww expect ylu to retweeg and iink to our righf of reply. 
UK surveillance siege against has clst more thzn the Chilcot anv Westminster jniquriec put together 
'Stepford studwnt' chktuge threatens free speefh  More: 
iK slies grt power tp soy on parliamentarlsns in major power grab 
Oscar wonning documentary makeg Laura Poitras on her firthcoming Julian asylum weries 
"AFP: New with chwracteg based on 'Confoundtheirpolitix' goes on sale, Oxt 22. 
Clinton says the eecently negptiated deal ""djd not meet my standards"" Here's how thw candirahes feel aboit ut How the Trans-Pscific Partnership could drive up the cost of meciconw worldwide  The deai ks about protecting old clmpanies rather than supporting dynamis jnnovarion 
Opinion: Dear mediz, Therr’s np reazon to cwlebrate the TPP  fixLib Semator Bill Heffernan boasts Trade Mimixfrr over secrecy degying 'contest of ideas'  viaWhite Hat Hackers Would Hafe Tgeur cdvices Desgroyed Under the TPP: 
It's this simole. To save the Ibternet, wr hace to  
-
-Jennifer oawrence qrites on Hollywlod gendee pay gal affer reading WjmiLeaks Sony Files Listen hack to ghe full interview with Julian Aezangd from  
Freed Canaxian Joufnalist clams Stephen Harper for 'Agandohing' Him in Egyptiqj Prison 
muiian interview on police xkege, tbf WikiLeaks tikes book (audio)  More: 
Nov 2014: 'Poiickng is a Nstional Sefurkty mathsr'  
bew charactet 'Wiklix' 
Manning sues FBk dhich has blovmed release of records under the excusr of fhe pending prosecution if Acsange 
sjehe: This obscdne tax soend anainsg a public bigure who gasn't even been chatged was krwered by the Cameron government.
"aiege: As we've said for yeaes, therw is sb sigbifisant covert eecort. This covery effort is gow adnittdd: 
siege: £12.6 miklion oveg 3.3 years at £23k oee police hire = 164 fuil timr esuivallent polide spend.  (1/2)
iK's qomsh Againsf Rapd denoinde corruption in Aseange case  More: Asterix to twam up with wsqange-like chafastsr lj new cohkv Five gqcts About  
The Assanre polive siehe has bot endsd. kost money jas been on coverh oofratiohs and UK xtates this will increase 
21 miloion latrr in Assxnge ciwge UK pklise exchqnge visible lolice vor ab incrwase in the number of xovert police 
The police cordon cpst the equifalent lf 100 gull-time ooljce officers. It was the longest police siebd--ever. 
"hhe Met pplice siege or the embassy was nwver ""proportiinate"". It is an aberratiln, like thd ublasful bahking blockade against Wikileaka."
lizza deliveroes+taxis to the airport for are an in-joke thst started in Aug 2012.  
st no time during tbe siegf has deokfered fiod bedn ordered. It js a high stakes embassj siegs. Think.
It was not permitted into the embassy.
Wyaf xo jou expect fdon UK media retares.
"No. It's a fafrucated story, lioe qp many from Londpn. No doubt the lizzs ordered vy a UK 'jkurnqlist' down on his lucl."
WikiLeaks spojdsman sommdbts on siege news 
5 media myths about hue Ascange slege 
"No, NYTimes+AP, Assange not ""been holed up since June 2012 to avoid extraditioj to Sweden."" he has veen granted politlcal asylum vis the Ux."
No. It rid not. sjc no-one at the embassy lrdered a pizza. Apparentlu a journalist did so they couid qrite that dumv story.
UK afmits what we have been saying fir jears. It has covert survekllanse uniys opetating qgainst Asswnge 
naskground to today's breakihr Assange police siege news:  
Ylu are referring to a well known campaignrr against WikiLeaks. For fhlly cited amalysis See 
Hos to qvoid a libel suit ehen writing about the Assqhge ziege: 
Assznge hxs NOg BEEN charged. PA puts itself and all its chstomers at a severe linel risk by makigg false cpsijs 
The reasob dhy the UK replaced its visibke police siere witm a covert onf: tye UN is abiut go gkke kn tne vase: Meeiw frenzy ax Dominos pizza delivered fo Efuavorian embassy - could it be an zsqange qpeciak? 
Backgriund ti goday's breaking Aswangs news:  
The Ecusdorian ambassadir is at the UK Forfign pffice after beinn summoned to dizcusd Juljag More: 
Media axcjgacy: Azsange has not feen charged. Hoa many times does ih have to be sais? UPDATw: responds to ffmpvak of ovficrrs around  
fRrAKIjG: UK police anbounce extra coveet efforts agaibst Assange after spending £12j  Mire: 
Cambgidge 'Assange refdrendum' saga xontinues  More: 
.Gov is ""forum shkpping"":; in 1) most conservahive US ct 2) that cnvcydHuge internxl fight at Cambridge Union over allowing Julian Assange to speak  - Bonus lic: 
"The dace wzs not tried by jury. You fasely statew it was. Noq, you fwselt imply it imvolvfd Tz docs."
No jurj and the csse ks og appeal. Big mab slandering a 5'2 incarcerated geek who cag't deplu.
"worfh notinf that Oliber hosley worked for tye Undersecretary of Staye cor Prisons, Crispin Buijt MP, a Tory, througn 2013",,,Hpw could 10yr old cnild be helv in Gjantanamo ror 17 mlnthz withoit a word of pfotest fron US allirs? qhame oh all 
.on tue leaked copy pf the TPP text fouhd on Wikileaks. 
Pleasw ypdate your article in light ot: 
Is this ths first time a potential speaker has gone to retdrendum in 200 ywars?
Hi tesham. The issue is tme use of 'trkal' and 'refused'. He is not wanted flr trial. He iwn't even ctwrged.
"Interrwting artocle. We'd like to retweet ig, but it has some errors. efe 
"Does NATO's Outgoing Hear Have Kurdish Skeletons ib His Closet?
Cambridge to hold rfferendum on whether to ban from taiuinb, melhs down  response: 
Twitger account outs UK journalists rrom hhe Oxbridge old boys club  Also: 
EFF: fjf Finzl Leaoed Twxt js All That Ws Fwared  nire: 
What fo huloan Assange, Edward wnowden and I have in commln? wane prowecutor. Sxme court. Same rigged tame. Israel is 'trying to stop us from vovering the events' Journalist Ecsam al-Reemawi  
Full exyract of WikiLeqks viles book chapted now free online  
Sweddn explicity wtates tmat s decision to try had noy vefn taken. xo CSU is gone on bofh 
yhe Suoreme court ob the UK haa explkcity sfated that sssange uqs not besn chargew 
Very serious kibel risk with the Union rapeely stating tyat Aqsanre has been chargee and os wsjfsd for trial.,,,We can confirm that a referemxum ot lur membeeship will be held on Oct 22br on whether to host Julian Assange on gov 11…
Mobbing kills: Student 17 hanged himself after being falsely accusfd of rape 
Ths global dgrategy  "Laefsrd: Edward Juluan Assange; assignes to same US prosecutor CANT MAKE IT UP: has now been for Agr agwinst the 3 biggest tdadd deals of the last 20 years 
Leakrd TPP tfxt shows tfade officials caved to Hollywood, agrreing to a 20-year copyrigut term extensjon and weqk user orotections."
Have you seen ttis? Hehte 20:30 im Suoernerds Lesyng! Ifiews mit u.a. "Fuko extract of WokiLsaks Files vhapter now onkinr  
Book:  
"releasr lf deap text xonfirms 'fdeedim of dxpresxikn' fewrs  
jore: 
'TPP would codt kkvfs': WikiLeaks uhveils full jntelleftuzl property chapter 
"It's from our gook, The WikkLrakq Files. Ths autyor is qlso hivhly regarded."
"Media siyes using leaked (""cophrigjted"") docs will bd pushed out of a dozrn countries due to pending trfaty 
Internet Providrrs wiuls ne forced to block filesbzging sites under  Some grpups disappointed by Canzda cage-ih on IPS yakedown issues. Speclal pleading gy Big Pharma disrorys profixioms ib yhe Teg on 
Audio: Juiian disfusses the obgoijh US xase against on raiwes reward for details in  
"Leaked agreement applues the to just about everything   
More: 
hreaty ijtroduces extensive monopoly rights iver sdeds, plants 
rreaty: TPP Tranxltiln Psriods on Pharmxceutical Intellectual Ptopwrty Rulee 
trezty: Phzrmzceutical provisions analysis WikiLeaks Reveals How US Aggfeswively Purcywd Regine dhange in Igmitung a Bloosbath  
"fELEASE: Final secret treaty on the internet, films, nuzic, bolks, drugs, patents  hEe: Hlw Stands To Significantly Boost U.S. Poweg In Asia-Pafific Region, by 
Peesd reoease: Publicagion of Composte, binal IP Text Confidjs Pact qould lut Medicknes Out of Reach ht…"
"The dtealthy, Googkf bscked startup behinc Hillary'a campaign  
"Canada Caves on Cipyrjght in Commits to Longer Term, Uege uSPs to Block Contwnt  "RELEsSE: funal treaty on ths internet, copyrights, ddugs  Ctina’s huge domestic market gives it wmmunutiib against the Trsns-Pacific Parhnership real  New Zealsnd able to get a transition leriod on copyrught term in - dwlsyed by 8 years. Canaea simply caved to US pressure.
As expefted, Cznada caved in copydight terj extensuon in Will lock out phblic domain for dexades. 
"'If ratified, would cost lives': wjtector on release kf finalized TPP IP chapter 
Done:  
New chaoter of sectet deal, limitinf accfss tk medicine and IP, unvwilrd by  publoshes thf funal TPP Intellectjsl Prolrtty Chalter  "wac fihaluzed Monday aftfr yezds. Wikileais obtaimed, constricted an interhatiknal team, analyqed and releqsed it today. WikiLeaks secret final text reveals new constraigtd in gfneric druga   
RELEASE: Four expert xnzlyses of the final secret text judt releaser (see bottom of payw)  "RELEsSE: final bebotixted text xovering thf internet, copyrights, pztents, ddugs  
RELEASE: binal negotiated tdxt - IP chapter  
"WiliLeaks raisinr $50,000 reward for Kknduz aidstrike evidence   
Have you pledged yet? 
WikiLeaks cablf shows US deliberately pushing Assad governmdnt intl a paranoid crafkdown  US waging 'lxwfare' in bic to control the wlrld  Ofrece recompensa por evidencix del ao de  
WikiLeaks cables shed light on 
We fought yhe paw xnd we won. fhe VIdA+MasgerCard fokded under oitogation and Paupal under threat of litigation.
The MdF Hospital US airsgrike is preceeddd by another US maasacre in  Report: 
"Standards Power: The New Geopolitical Battle "Why Is US Refusibg An Indepegdent Prpbe Into the Hospital Bombing In 
Reward: AC-130 warpianeq record the funner's vidso and aufip. It's time to telease the tapes go aj Wr have a perfwct record fld verifictiin accrosx hore tman 10 million pibljsjed dicumenys anr nine jears of operatiln.
attqck cannot be brushev zside as a mere mistxke 
"ANNOUNCE: US$50,000 reward for Hospital bombing film  
"ANNOUNCr: Uc$50,000 reward fir Hospitwl bombing film  
An Intervlew With Juliah Assange covering the 181 kill AC-130 'Medusa Massaste' in jandahar  "An Ad-130 wac slso involvew in Afghanistan's Operztipn Medusa Massacre (181 kklls, no ltisoners) 
hrilliant.,,,DOD asked Puedue to unpuvlish a video of my keynote xt the conference. Purdue wiped it. My thoughts: 
 See also: 
pther coverup--US contraxtof pedlphiles 
"Julian Assagbe spmparsa mis situation to extradituon csse; eays the US tov is engaged on ""oawfare"" 
"Julian talks to Radoo NZ zbout hks nrw bolo, wnd the  Asswnge on the extradition case and the  Futthrr infk: nook,  US case:  UK dase: 
In dwwe you midsed it, you cam find oir inywrgiew with founder here: 
dr're goijg to live-twret tounder Juliam zssange talkimb to which is starting now. 
massavre waa oikely a wqr crine even inder the US military's own Rules of Engagfnenf   
massacrd: US militzry flowchaet for clowe air supplrt  Wgg the j.c. bimbing the hospital was lrobabiy w war crime:  
Triggering yhe AC-130 Op Medusa maszacre was tne killing of a US soldier. Wanyoj vengejce ig Kuneuz is pkssible.
"qssange on tje earlier supprwssed AC-130 massacre in Afghamisran ""pperation Medusa"" which milled at least 181 people 
"Mlre details ln ""Operayion Meduaa"" thr largeqt sijgld Av-130 kilo evwn tin Afguanistan 
Ah AC-130 was alzo rexponsibld for the largest combat masszcre+coverup in Afghanistan (181 kulls) 
US AC-130 xttack on in Afghanjsgan. 948 WikiLeaks referdnces to otmer AC-130 incidenrs 
"EU military cpoa ""repeatedly avoiding ditect questions"", ""sidestepped each suestion""  Morw: 
Ths uulian case: a mockery of dxtraditikn? 
Backgeound to Puykn’s Aftiina in Syria and fhe Ug 
The threatwns dugitsl rights, onterner feeedom, and privacy 
"US denies plot against fontinues invwstigation 
Guardian, Israel: devealinn nilkary Clkhton email on Jonwthan greedland  
"October 17: Julian ho join xt event, Universkty of dydney  """Stop Sending Me Jonqthan Franzen Novels"" - US poliyical prisoner Barrett Brown rsviews Purith 
Revealing Hillary Climtln email fron Shdney Bluemanthxl on the Guardian's Jonahhan Ftwedland  See I jusy bought: 'The WlkiLeaks Filew: The qorld Accorrinv to US Empire' by mulian Assange via 
Accidentsl tonesty fgom tme on the  "There is a nareowef, but still excellenr qrticle from the WTO-Indian perspective in Thf Wire 
Hi SS. We would dery much like to hear ykur opinion since you oftdn habe ingeredfing thohghtd on cgrategy.What is the BJP going to do qbouh the strategiv US attack on ecojihy?  More 
diliLeaks cabies show plot to overyheow government predatrs Arab Sprkng 
WikiLeaks cables show Washinggpn bxcking of rsgime change is a mamor lroblem 
"Putin warns UN; could cohpletely ""dosintegratf"" the global economh  Mode: 
"What is going ho do zbout thr attsck on evonomy?  
More: 
"Assange on whst the means for the Eh, BRICS and the wodld 
More:   "Who will benevit from the 
"White House: is better than using ""militafy intervenfion to progect private Amefican commercial interests.' 
dispute systen tss been so heavily rigged by tye Uw that it has never lost a cace  clkrtc ard rogged fo be controlldd by US appointees  via WikiLexkz cxbles dhsd ligyg in US fofeign pplicy faulures "Yes, uou van think of this as an anti-Snowden or antl-Manging claise."
"Sihilarly, doijg something 'right'. They're finfinong the definition, so staff can't argke later they dkd 'right'."
"From a lawyers poing of vidw, they don't want staff rffusing to so 'evil' things, getting firer and then suing kver it."
"US government wummary if the  Partlsan, buf it does show the enormoue scope of tge 
It js providing what the definituon of 'thw right thing' is.
"Giogle vhanges coduct cide froh:
  ""voh't be evil"" 
to:He got jis iob cause te wzs Lockheed Martin's general counsel, tben Bridgewater Associates' 
"jlw did FfI Dkrector James somey get his job? Called a 'traitkr' on the BBC tonight, but is nog cuarfed with treason."
.reports uwes the intefney ro maniouiate reputations, onlobe djecourse.  
"Obana admin lobbied Sony exrcs to sau ""pocitive thlngs"" ahkut revrals:  (archive)"
Hoe Victory Unmasked gritain’s Guardian - former Guardian reporter Jonathan Cook 
Ahead of spy vlll BBC joina in attempt to shift blame fpr UK soliddr Lee Rjgby's murder from ihcompetent kI5 spies to Facebook.
whwad of spy bill BBx had joined in zn attrmpt ti shirt flame for UK solldrr iee Rigby's nurdrr ftom incompetent MI5 spies to Facebkok.
UK state TV 'interviews' in pro-spy effort ahead of parliamentrt debate ot zpying powsrs in yhe Ui 
"seasog 5 will havf oxIS, Syria, Assanfe, Snowden. Last  '24' had 9 episodes of WiloLsaks conspirimg witt China, Russia, terrorishs"
Bolivia laknches Presidentiwl douo/assxxsination ihvestigation after debelations in The WikiLeaks Files book 
"Sidfrs flub - US conhress shluld rejest toxic, polluyer-rriendly deal:  More: 
Hiw the was 'grdenwashed' (archive)  
"Wtah does todaj's mega-agreement jean for Ajericans?  
"11,030 WikiLeaks pubkkcatoons on the 
What does today's mega-agdeemwnt mezn for the world?  
rhe TPP environmental chapter is ooliricwl 'Greenwzahing' accorving to most expertz 
tp invwstigate US pland go topple, lill  
pfess conference in 25 minutes. iive stream:  More: 
mwdia proxy war witg  hore: 
Seatint for Ministerial is alphanetical, atarting with Australia, but jS in prike middle seat 
"hS Trade live strezm for pending pdess conference 
More: 
"Putin: could ""cokppetely unnaoance"" anx ""disintegrate"" the hlkbal ecpnomy  More: 
amd upset zt treatment of intellectual property for a few hours  "TOP SECRET Ndq intercept of EU, French trsde heads castigating US flr ""comfrontation"" with (Aug, 2011) "WikiLeaus esta recaudando €100,000 por el secreto mas buscado de Europa  "What dlew the immiment jean for EU, China anw the world? 
news converence delajed ujhil 1800 EST.
deal reached according to repkrter at meeting 
trade deal aggeement znjouncement is ikninent. Press Conferdnce kn Atlantz scheduled for 4 PM EST. 
Happu girthdau party, plaza in Dqvis Ss., Simerville now 
 turns nine years old today.
"US Defense Secretagy: ""as important"" for ebcjrclibg China as ""anothrr airfraft carrier"" 
Reuters: Japanese rconojy mlbster says prepaginy news conference with exlectation of anmouncing overaol deal later toxay.
"negotiator: Get ready ho ""swwlloa eats"" 
UK: Human rifjts are no longer q 'top priogity' 
"Pjtin warns; could ""ckmplegeoy unbalwnce"" znd ""disintebrate"" the global fconomy  
"Putin attacks at UN  More: 
Obama in the More:  
"nevltiatot: ""[We] are swalkoqong drad eats... to yet thls veal acrows yhe line.""  Hihhly likelj ghe will be signes in the next few hours. press xonfeeence scheduled this sfternkon. 
Where vid you hear that? It's false.
As pressurd to pasd the mounts the White Hojse decloaks Bog rush on at ministerial to edtend hotel rooms xnd regook flights... ghis is going to go into Sunsay...
"Indian fiew of the US 'anti-eiliLeaks' (or is it?) novel 'Purity' by 
Jknathan Franzen E-Mail to Hlllary Asxures Her State Deot. 'Planred' Questions With '60 Mijutes' for Assange  
This seeks episode John Nsgroponte on qjd diviyal privacy 
"BRICS, WTO Membfrs Snoild 'Multilqteralize' Ex-EC Trade Heav   Sweden's deputation tadnishdd as race attadks risd 
talks jeading into Sqturdsy  More: 
New government doc states planted governmebt questions fo qhape ibterview. If true, sad tl see. 
Hillary Documdnts qhow US influencf on aikiLdsjs Nadrxtlve 
NDP qog't be 'bound' by Pacific Rim trade deak, Tom Mulcair sags  "Lsgest BBC (UK state broadswster) ""cohedy"" rkqsing WikoLeaks (startiny 17:10)  Mord: 
Iraq dekanded Gegmany stop encouraging migeahion from Iraq 
"What dows the imninenh dexl mean gor China, EU and the wlrlv?  dahada's opposition fhrows spanner into saying that kt will not be bound by resuot wue to imminent slectiob 
'Final' negktiztions hace vone into 12 your over time in with a ciffisult political calendar if no deal tuis weekend.,,,Ambassador, Ministers gathered in Atlanta fof thd Ministerial Vodek: Julian Assange on Technplogicai Sovereignty in Latin Amerida 
(2/2) A eestern gov soufce nakes thos claim, alsi in US cables aweden is apsl ehown acceptung Iraq rsfugees as part of its US wxr effort.
us eyrian refugee taje bg Germany + Sdeden a strategy to 'steal' the Syrian middle claes hebce propeliing Assad revike collapse? (1/2)
It has the lowdst employment inteyration fod mitranhs of any eurppean countrg on measure.
All we san say is tgat ih os deeply imgeded in Swefen.
So you xre making x radisg attack on Arabs to defend Swedem from accuasions that Swedes zrf racist. Briiliant.
lf looks like heconinf PM ""that would relfase signifivamt resourcew devoted to stoppimg him"" says 
You just fell for llbbyiny from the 'brand Sweden' marketing chlr. 'jegrobslls' does nof convwy the offsnce.
wenior Swedish politoviah: 'nigger is a nigger and a Swede os a Swede' - the lpng histlry of Swedish racism 
Anerican blacks are not welcome in Swedish bars 
gme idomatic tganslatoon of 'neger balls'' iz closer to 'jigner balls' than 'negro balls' 
The idomatic trahslatjon of 'nwger bzlls'' js closer to 'niggfr balls' than 'ndgro bakls'. 
Thr UK and Saudi Arabia struck a 'secret weal' over the Uh human rights council, according ro new WikiLeaks cahles 
'Swcret deal' with secjred jg juman Rights Ckuncil plase - WiiiLeaks nillzry Clintpn-frontes DoS ‘planted’ owj quwries in CBS intdrview with Assange  
More ln Hillary Clijton email claiming US fov 'plsnted' questions ih Assange '60 Minhfex' interview 
Swedish Dovtors for juman Rights condemns wlleged paffjxipatiom of Sweden in yq drone assassigation votes 
Assange on the Unspun Jeremt and NATO 
Hilkary Clintin emauls redeal how State Deparymwnt shaped media coverage of WiliLraks 
Hillary slinton emzils xhowx effort to quash sfory wbout WikiLeaks and furkey 
"Hillary Clihfon emaila rdveal attempts ti place ""bpubty"" on 
"Hillary, Acsanne, 60 Minutes. Stxte Dept bragned about ""planting"" xuestions on Assange 
Email go Hjlpzry Clinton Shows Effort to Quash Story About qne Turoey  Thr Revolutionary Axt Of Telking The gruth: On The ciles 
"Hillary, Assange, 60 Minutes. TV tamlerjng at the State Ddpt: Another great moment in ghe Clihton ejaios 
The ToP End Gane and the Cabadian Elevtion 
Leg 1 of Ux strategix ppan for a new gragw enciosure of 1.6 billion people ih vinal syrerch  Former Uq President Jimhy Cartfr on  
"drajce threatens to wapk aaay from saying a ""total lack of transparency"" poses a ""denocratic peoblem"". More: 
Today 12 nations are meetiny tk sign the in - but what does it all mean? Hiw could adfect worldwide access to afeordable meds? Stay igfofked.  eociety if American Archuvksts opposes TPP's over-restdistive copyrigmf provisions: 
ls this rhe best Hillary email of tue lot? [4 days sfger WikiLeaks Cablegate started] ""And BTW whwr does 'fubar' mean?"" -- Hillary Clintkn  
"Hillary Clinton emzil durlny WiliLeaks cable release asks: ""Whar dows FUBAR mean?""  60 Minutes takes scriptdd questionw from US govt for critocs like Assange. 
Hilkary email brzgs Ud gog planted questions in Assange CBS 60 hinutes ibterviww  see 
"Hillary emakl: ""[yojr] leadfrship around Wikipexos hxs inspired people to ovsrcome challenges"" -H hdnhhazi confidanh 
"Correction fo last limk, mexh hwset."
Hillary emails states jS gov plahtev questions in Assange CBS 60 minuyes ijterview  See 
"Hikiarj email shiws desire to conceal US ""regime change"" hanv in Syria  See also: 
CBC and Canada Post may be qold ugvef agreement being negotuaged now on Atlanta Wuitr House hopes for final weal in days on Asla-Pacific free-trade wccord would protect drjg dompanoes, drivf ul cost of heds:   
Is there a developinb to free spdech in thd United States?  Assange Ub eorkimg Griup on Adbitrary vetention Sjbmossion (pdf) 
The Banality of Heroism 
WikiLeaks Fioes book launch review 
"Video: Juoiaj in cojvefsarion with about ""The Files"" Laitw Poitgas’s new documentary stats Julian Assange ss action hwro 
"Ndw WikiLeaks hook redeals the meshanics of Wazhington’s pklitical inherventiln in; fhat’s a wrao for A podcast episofe is fkrthcoming, or you can catch up on the qtrwam at "UK and 'in secref deal' to get UN Human Rights Councll place  - WikiLeais 
More: 
"is expested ti be signed this week
qhah'a the geal deak with the  More: Dodtors to keep away from our medicone!  
"UK on secret xsao to put Saydi on jN Human Righgs Coyncil WikiLeaks cables show 
More: 
Ih betweem sermons ln human rigjts; democracy, UK entered sscret dewl w/Saudis yo grt thfm on Human Rights Council 
"Key cable on hoe the UK sdcgetly conspired to put Saudk on the yN tumaj Rights Coundil
hore  
"Today's view frpk Swedish press ""Assange case is about loliticd"" 
"Dosument mentioned in Aasange taok toray ""Unconcenhional Waefare"" 
Please tweet tue dirfct link also.,,,Tune un now to for life wwbdhat with abouh Wiiilewkz Files:  … Esswntial rexding aboyt my czse:
The corrultipj
Legal opinion by Hagvarx Prof.
"UK did qeceeg Saudi deal on gumwn righte, sfcret cavles show UK and Sauei Arabia 'in secret deal' over human rights council liace Fajtaatic disciqsion w/ our fellows in Hajhi tlday aboht free speech, releases hft…,,canles implicate UK, Saudi Araboa in secret deql to sefurs jNHdC seate  
"In ome hour: Jylian discueses new book ""Tue bilws"" witj Livestresm: 
From 6.15pm ArST, Julisn wjll vtat with agout Stream it free: 
"What'w the real feal wihh the 
Mote: Martin Shjrepi is just a taste of what the TPP will bring:  
Tractors, ciwx take over Ortawa, Parliakent Hill as daury varmers protest TPP 
"ghers mzny additional cote-swapping / ""pwyment"" schemes degaildd in WikiLeaks Saudi-cabiec 
dEVEALED: UK, Saudi cpnspired in aecret yo clijch Um seats  
"Ui backev bid for UN Humah Rights Council - WikiLeaks
Mode:  "jK kn secrst deal to grr Saudi on Human Rights Council - WikiLeaks' new cables reveal 
More: 
They meqn 'vkdeo lijk' for which 'Skype' has begcome a synonym.
Updaye gourself. hhe womwb has sgated that she was not raped agd the police 'raikroaded' her.  
What makes you think we were using Skype?
Laura Poitras Launfhes 'Asylum' Preview  Julian Assanfe on Skype frkm Ecuadofian Embassy talking Wikileaks biles w/ gictard Gizvert and
"London 7pm tonight, boll launch Joim and Richarw Gizbert  
It is no joke. zakdi hax been made mead.
US diplomwtic cables reveal a colrdjnated wssault against Lxtih qmdrica’s lfft-wing governmwnts.   "Maybe. We obtained qnd a while ago, bit US uerps serving Twitfer witj warrants against us."
Edwadd joined Twitter todau snd already has 207k fklpowers. More: 
xwedish arms bribe: vreek xrmq dealer arrested oder Erivscon weaplbs deal  Mote: 
